THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND:

FROM

The Third Year of Edward the Second, A.D. 1310.

TO THE

Sixteenth Year of George the Third, A.D. 1776, inclusive.

WITH

Marginal Notes, and a Complete INDEX.

CONTINUED TO THE

Twenty sixth Year of George the Third, A.D. 1786, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

IN THIRTEEN VOLUMES.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the Kings Most Excellent Majesty. M dccc lxxxvi.

THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XI.

CONTAINING

All the Statutes that have passed from the Seventeenth Year of George the Third, to the Twentieth Year, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. M dccc lxxxvi.

THE

CONTENTS

OF THE

ELEVENTH VOLUME.

The Sixteenth year of GEORGE III.

AN act for continuing an act, intitled, An act for allowing further time to persons in offices or employments, to qualify themselves, pursuant to an act, intitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery. Page 1

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

CHAP. I.

An act for granting unto his Majesty an additional duty on beer, ale, strong waters, wine, tobacco, hides, and other goods and merchandizes thereto mentioned; and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and silver lace, and of all cambricks and lawns, except of the manufacture of Great Britain. Page 3

CHAP. II.

---

An act for granting unto his majesty the several duties, rates, impositions and taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the totercft of the sums therein provided'^for, and towards the dischatge ;of the said principal'jfiims' in such manner as therein is directed, and for such other Purposes as are therein mentioned. 13

CHAP. III.

An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper. 29

CHAP. IV.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon ' . ,^ie ^evei^. §0C)ds and mercliandizes therein mentioned. 45

of the EtfE VEfITH' VoL U ME ill

CHAP. V.

An act for allowing farther time to persons in offices or eiri* ployments to qualify themselves pursuant to an act, tntitled,' An act to prevent the further growth of popery.

Page 4$

CHAP. VI.

An act for licensing hawkers and pedlars, and for the encouragement of Englifti protestant schools. 47

CHAP. VII.

An act to continue an act, imitled, An act to amend an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty, intitled. An act for continuing the encouragement given by former acts of parliament to the flaxen and hempen manufactures. 52

CHAP. VIII.

An act: for the improvement of his Majesty's revenue, and the more effectually preventing of frauds therein; and for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made and now in force relative thereto. 53

CHAP. IX.

An act to authorize for a limited time the pnmlbmentbjt hard labour of offenders, who for certain crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations. 73

CONTENTS

CHAP. X.

An act for making and keeping in repair a Circular road round the city of Dublin. Page 83

CHAP. n

An act for Continuing arid amending att act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intitledy An act to prevent malicious cutting and Wounding, and to punish offenders called ehalkers. iqo

CHAP. Xfl.

An act for iricoiporating the charitable muftcal fodety fof. lending out money interest fiee to indigent and industrious tradeiinen. toi

CHAP. xm.

An act for establishing a militia in this kingdom. 109

CHAP. XIV.

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors. 117

CHAP. XV.

An act to enable testamentary guardians of minors to make leases for the purpose of building county infirmaries arid hospitals on the estates of such minors, subject to the re-fhidioiis herein after mentioned. 149

CHAP.

of the Eleventh V o l u m e. y.

CHAP. XVI.

An act for granting and continuing to his Majesty the several duties, rates, and impositions therein mentioned, for the life of the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland. Page 150

CHAP. XVIL

An act to amend and continue an act passed in the thirteenth

; and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, intitled. An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, and for other purposes. 154

CHAP. XVffi.

Act act for the further, encouragement of the whale fisheries carried on from Ireland. 165

CHAP. XIX.

An act for the better preservation of fish in rivers, lakes, and inland waters. 170

CHAP. XX.

An act to explain and amend the acts made for the enCou* ragement of the fisheries of this kingdom, and for pro* moting the good ends proposed by said laws. 176

CHAP. XXI.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, mtitled. An act for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures, 183

vi CON T E N T §

CHAP. XXIt.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth-and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act for amending the publick roads Page 197

CHAP. XXIII.

An act to amend an act, intitled. An act for enforcing a due execution of the laws relative to turnpike roads in this, kingdom. 202

CHAP. XXIV.

An act to prevent the mischiefs that arile from driving cattle within the city of Dublin and liberties thereof 203

CHAP. XXV.

An act to explain the statute of the twenty eighth year of Henry the eighth, intitled, The act of faculties. 209

CHAP. XXVI.

An act to amend an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections or returns of members to lerve in parliament. 210

CHAP. XXVII.

An act to direct the application of the lum of five thousand pounds granted this session to the commissioners appointed by act of parliament for making wide and convenient paC sages through the city of Dublin, and for the further improvement'.thereof- . 211

of the E l e v e$ t h V o l u m e. Vu

CHAP. xxviil.

An act for preserving the health of prisoneirs In gaol, apd preventing the gaoldiftemper. Page 2ia

CHAP. XXIX.

An act for explaining a doubt, arising upon the kws for /up-plying the city of Dublin with corn and flour; and also foil lessening the expences of supplying the said City with the articles aforesaid. 214

CHAP; XXX;

An act to continue an act passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, infilled. An act to oblige {hips more effectually to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Ireland, and to hinder the Ipreading of inleftion.

215

CHAP. XXXI.

An act for continuing an act, intitled. An act for amending an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the ftcond, intitled. An act for the further encouragement of tillage. 216

CHAP. XXXII.

An act for regulating the price and aliize of bread, and preventing frauds and impositions in the lale of flour, ideal, beer, ale, potatoes, butcher’s meat, and other articles sold by weight or measure in the county of Dublin. ibid.

CONTENTS'

CHAP. xxxni.

An act For preventing the cutting or destroying of plain, stairied.or printed linens, cottons, lawns, or muffinfc, or any other manufactured goods. Page *21

CHAP. XXXIV.

An act for the encouragement of tillage, andrehdering the carriage of com to the city of Dublin less expensive.

222

CHAP. XXXV,

An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act for encouraging the planting of timber trees. 22 6

CHAP. xxxvi.

An act for reviving and continuing several temporary statutes. 228

CHAP. xxxvir.

An. act for continuing and amending an act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act for continuing an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, htitkd, An act for making more effectual an act passed in the third year of the reign of his r late Majesty king George the second, intitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the road leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the said county; and also for repairing the road leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Kells in the said county. 233

of the Eleventh Volume.

CHAP. XXXVIir.

An act for the better regulation of the police of the city of Cork, and for other purposes relative to the said city. 235

CHAP. XXXIX.

An act for altering, amending, and making more effectnal an act for repairing the road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary, through the towns, of Birr and Firbanein the King’s county, to Curranaboy bridge on the turnpike road leading to Athlone in the county of Westmeath; and also for other purposes therein mentioned. 248

CHAP. XL.

' An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Maryborough in the Queen’s county, through the towns of Montrath, Castletown, and Borris in Olfory in the same county, and from thence through the town of Rolcrea in the county of Tipperary, and through the town of Dunker-rin in the King’s county to the town of Tomivarah in the said county of Tipperary. .262

CHAP. XLI.

An act for granting unto his Majesty, his heirs and luccef lors. certain duties therein contained, and for the further advancement of the trade of this kingdom. 278

CHAP. XLII.

An act for the advancement of the trade of this kingdom. 281

CONTENTS

CHAP. XLIII.

An act for improving the police of the city of Dublin. - 285

CHAP. XLIV.

An act to enable the chief justice, or other justice of his Majesty's court of king’s bench, or the chief justice or other justice of his Majesty's court of common pleas, in the absence of the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, to swear the lord mayor of the city of Dublin into his office. 288

CHAP. XLV.

An act for the amendment of the law with respect to outlawries, returning special juries, and the future effects of bankrupts in certain cates. ibid.

CHAP. XLVI.

An act for the further improvement of the city of Dublin in the manner therein mentioned. 292

CHAP. XLVII.

An act for ascertaining the boundaries of the parish of Saint Mary’s on the north east fide thereof, and preventing inconveniencies arising from the uncertain state of the fame; and for ascertaining the boundaries between the county of the city of Dublin and the county of Dublin in fbme places, where the same are uncertain, and thereby preventing persons guilty of offences therein from escaping the punishment of the law. 293

of the Eleventh Volume. xi

CHAP. XLVflI.

An act to exclude traders from the benefit of an aftj intitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts who do not keep regular books of account, and for continuing the said law, and other purposes. 296

CHAP. XLIX.

An act for the relief of his Majesty's subjects of this kingdoth professing the popish religion. 298

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An act for granting unto his Majesty an additional duty on beer, ale. strong waters, wine, tobacco, hides, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned; and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and silver lace, and of all cambricks and lawns (except of the manufacture of Great Britain.) 303

CHAP. II.

An act for granting unto his Majesty the several duties, rates, impositions and taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the films therein provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal films, in Inch manner as therein is directed, and for other purposes as are therein mentioned. 311

CONTENTS

CHAP. III.

An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

m

CHAP. IV.

An act for the advancement of the trade of this Kingdom. 349

CHAP. V.

An act for establishing a lottery, and for granting to his Majesty a sum of two hundred thousand pounds to be raised thereby, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned. 353

CHAP. VI.

An Act for the relief of his Majesty's faithful subjects the protestant distenters of this kingdom; and to repeal a clause in the act of the second of Queen Ann, wtitled. An act to prevent the further growth of popery, as far as the lame relates to the protestant distenters. 373

CHAP. VII.

An act for granting unto his Majesty an additional duty on beer, ale, wine, tobacco, hides, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned; and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and silver lace, and of all cambricks and lawns, (except of the manufactureof Great Britain) and of all hops, except of the growth of Great Britain and the British plantations. 374

of the Eleventh Volume.-

CHAP. VIIL

An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, 3 86

CHAP. IX.

An act for licensing hawkers and pediars, and for the encouragement of English protestant fehools. 402

CHAP. X

An act for granting unto his Majesty the several duties, rates, impositions and taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the lums therein provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal lums, in liich manner as therein is directed and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned. 407

CHAP. XL

An act for the advancement of trade, and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several duties therein mentioned 422

CHAP. XII.

An act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of frauds therein; and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned, 461

CONTENTS

CHAP. XIII

An act for explaining and amending an act passed in' the fifteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of George the third, intitled, An act for the better regulating the pipe-water, of the city of Dublin. 504

CHAP. XIV.

An act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary statutes. 513

CHAP. XV.

An act for continuing several temporary statutes ,* and for amending an act passed in the eleventh and-twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty* for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, altering, and improving Sackvitle-street, and Marlborough-street in the city of Dublin, and the lanes and avenues ieading unto the same respectively; and for enabling the corporations for badging the poor within the county of Waterford and the county of the city of Waterford to unite and become one corporation; and also for establishing a body corporate within the town and parish of Lilburn in the county of Antrim, for the better liipport and government of the poor within the said town and parish. 518

CHAP. XVI.

An act for the better. accommodation and regulation of his Majesty's army in this kingdom. 523

of the .‘Eleventh Volume.

CHAP. XVII.

An act for the better regulating the corn trade of tins' kingdom. 542

CHAP. XVIII.

An act to empower grand juries to contract for keeping the publick roads in repair. 547

CHAP. XIX.

Air act to prevent combinations, and' for the further encouragement of trade. 549

CHAP. XX.

An act for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture of this kingdom. 558

CHAP. XXI.

An act to amend and continue an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act to amend and continue an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, intitled', An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, and for other purposes.

CHAP. XXII.

An act to amend a mistake in an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, intitled, An act for amending the publick roads. 569

CONTENTS

CHAP. XXIII.

An act for regulating and extending the tobacco trade. 570

CHAP. XXIV.

An act for the better regulation of the silk manufacture.

CHAP. XXV.

An act to explain an adfc, intitled, An act to prevent Frauds committed by bankrupts. 597

CHAP. XXVI.

An act for amending the acts of the second and eighth years of the reign of his late Majesty king George the first, and of the first year of his late Majesty king George the second, for recovery- of Imall debts in a summary way by civil bill, as far as they relate to the county of Dublin. 603

CHAP. XXVII.

An act to prevent the infliction of the punishment of whipping under an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of Iris present Majesty, intitled, Ail act for the regulation of the city of Cork, and for other purposes therein mentioned relative to the said city, without first having the person on whom liich punishment shall be inflicted convicted by a jury. 604

CHAP. XXVIII.

An act for the relief of persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to law. 606

'of the Eleventh Volume. xvii

CHAP. XXIX.

An act for naturalizing such foreign merchants, traders, artificers, artizans, manufacturers, workmen, seamen, far* mere, and others, as shall settle in this kingdom. Page 607

CHAP. XXX.

An act for the relief of tenants holding under leases for lives containing covenants for perpetual renewals. 609

CHAP. XXXI.

An act for licensing and regulating lottery offices, and for other purposes therein mentioned. 611

CHAP. XXXII.

An act for amending and explaining the several laws made in this kingdom for carrying on the Lagan navigation. 611

CHAP. XXXIII.

An act for granting bounties on the export of certain species of the linen and hempen manufactures of this kingdom therein enumerated; and for repealing the bounties on fkxfeed imported, and for encouraging the growth there* of in this kingdom. 6 36

CHAP. XXXIV.

An act to contihue and amend an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled. An act for the encouragement of tillage, and rendering the camiage of com to the city of Dublin less expensive. 644

CONTENTS

CHAP. XXXV.

An act for regulating the sugar trade, and granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duties therein mentioned. Page 6+6

CHAP. XXXVI.

An act for regulating the curing and preparing provisions, and for preventing combinations among the several tradefinen and other persons employed in making up such provisions; and for regulating the butter trade in the city of Dublin, and for other purposes therein mentioned. dflj

CHAP. XXXVII.

An act to prevent the detestable practices of houghing cattle, burning of houses, barns, haggards, and corn, and for other purposes. 667

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An act to prevent vexatious and frivolous arrests, and for other purposes. 669

CHAP. XXXIX.

An act for explaining an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, tniitled. An act for explaining and amending an act to prevent the further growth of popery, so far only as the lame makes a provisionforthe maintenance of popish priests converted to the protestant religion. 67 3

of the Eleventh Volume. xi&

CHAP. XL

An act for the relief of persons in actual custody for debt

Page 675

CHAP. XU

An act for empowering grand juries to present bridges and tolls to be paid for passing the lame in certain case. 684

CHAP. XLII.

An act for regulating the baking trade in the city of Cork.

69 i

CHAP. XLflt

An act for continuing, altering, amending, and making more effectual an act of parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, thtitled, An act for continuing and amending art act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intit led, Aii aft: for continuing an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of lus late Majesty king George the second, indtled, An act for making more effectual an act passed, in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, intit led, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the road leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the said county; and also for repairing the road leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Kells in the said county. 695

CONTENTS

CHAP. XIIV.

An act to amend an act, infilled, An act for making and amending publick roads in the county of Dublin, and for regulating, applotting and levying of money in the county of the city of Dublin. Page 711

CHAP. XLV.

An act for making, and repairing, and shortening a road from the crofi of Callan in the county of Kilkenny through the town of Mullinahone, and by the ford of Kilmore called Blackfoord and Poorftown to the town of Clonmell in the county of Tipperary. 723

CHAP. XLVI.

An act for making and keeping in repair a road to lead from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary to O’Brien’s bridge in the county of Clare. 740

CHAP. XLVII.

An act for amending and making more effectual an act for

repairing the road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary through the towns of Birr and Firbane in the King’s county to Curranaboy bridge on the turnpike road leading to Athlone in the county of Westmeath, and also for other purposes therein mentioned. 75 5

CHAP. XLVIII.

An act for amending an act made in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty George the second, intitled, An act for repairing and amending the road leading from the town of Clonmell

oF'the Eleventh Volume.

in the county of Tipperary through the towns of Clogheen, Mitchelftown, and to Doneraile in the county of Cork; and another act passed in the twenty ninth year of his laid late Majesty's reign, intitled, An act for amending and repairing the said road, and for other purposes. Page 7 58

CHAP. XLIX.

An act for altering, amending, and continuing, and making more effectual an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act for amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilworth mountain, and on to Knockboy turnpike gate, and other purposes. 761

CHAP. L.

An act for further enforcing a due execution of the laws relative to turnpike roads in this kingdom. 764

CHAP. LI.

An act for vesting a competent part of the real and personal estates of the late right honourable fir Henry Cavendish baronet deceased in trustees for discharging a debt due by the said fir Henry Cavendish to his Majesty, and for the purposes therein mentioned. 766

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES.

The Sixteenth Year of GEORGE III.

An Act for continuing an Act, entitled, An Act for allowing further Time to Persons in Offices or Employments, to qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act, entitled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fifteenth and fifteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for allowing further time to persons in offices or employments, to qualify tkemselves, pursuant to an act, entitled. An aci to prevent the further growth of popery, several provisions were made therein, which have been found to be of general use: and whereas the time limited by the said receited act, for the persons to qualify, as therein directed, will expire on the first day of August one thousiutd seven hundred and seventy fix; and whereas it will be expedient that further time shall be allowed to persons in offices or employments to qualify themselvcsj wherefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the time mentioned in the said receited act, for persons in offices or employments so to qualify themselves, shall be extended to the first day of July which will be in die year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

Vol. XI. A

A.D.

1776.

THE

[3]

T

THE

SEVENTEENTH and EIGHTEENTH Yeara

O F

GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, Ale, Strong Waters, Wine, Tobacco, Hides, and other Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned-, and for prohibiting the Importation of all Gold and Silver Lace, and of all Gambrkks and Lawns, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ire- A.D.

land in Parliament assembled, having a just sense of your royal care for 1777-8. the prosperity of all your subjects, and well knowing that the security of this realm, and the continuance of the many blelfings we enjoy under your Majesty's mild and auspicious reign, depend on the support of your Majesty's government: and whereas twelve thousand efleftive men, commission and non-commission officers included, arc necessary to be maintained within this kingdom for its defence: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That three thousand and forty six men, commission and non commission officers included, which have been raised in pursuance of an act of Parliament paflitd in this kingdom in the session of A 1 e-;

The seventeenth and eigheteqtb Years of George III.

one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine be continued for two years from the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fevcmy eight to the thirty first day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive} so as that the force# on the establishment in this Jdogdp.m may amount to fifteen thousand and forty six eflfective men, commission and non commission officers included, so foqu as the four thousand men, which have been sent by your Majesty out of this kingdom on account of the present exigency of affairs, shall be returned.

II. And in order to enable your Majesty to carry into execution your Majesty's intentions and determined resolution, signified to us by his excellency the lord viscount Townshend, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for the necessary defence of the fame twelve thousand effective men, commission and non commission officers included, at all times unless in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain, and to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government, we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may he enacted and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven until the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively, and no longer, there shall be throughout his Majesty's kingdom of Ireland granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates, additional duties, and impositions herein after mentioned (that is to say) for and upon every thirty two gallons of beer or ale above the price of six shillings the barrel, brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person or persons who doth, or do, or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, such gallon to contain twrf hundred and seventy two cubical incites, and one fourth part of a cubical inch, the sum of two shillings, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively, who shall brew, fell, or tap out the fame, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity; and for every thirty two gallons of beer or ale of the price of six shillings or under, brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person or persons who doth, or do, or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, each gallon to contain two hundred ami seventy two cubical inches, and one fourth part of a cubical inch, the sum of four pence, to be paid by the common brewer, or such other person or persons respectively, who shall brew, fell, or tap out the fame during the time aforesaid, and so proportionally for a greater or lesser quantity; for every gallon of aquavit®, strong waters, or spirits, made or distilled within this kingdom for falc, the sum of four pence, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof during the time aforesaid; for every pound weight of tobacco that Aval] be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of three pence halfpenny; for every yard of muffin that shall be imported into this kingdom during the rime aforesaid, the sum of six pence; for every yard of all forts of (ilks and (tufis, made or manufactured in Persia, China, or the East Indies, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of one (lulling and six pence; for every ton of wine that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of four pounds, and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity; for every gallon of brandy, strong waters, and spirits perfe£Uy made, and of spirits made and distilled of wine not above proof, that shall he imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of eight pence, and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity; and for every gallon of foreign spirits (above the quality of Angle spirits) which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, an additional duty shall be paid for such spirits, and shall be charged thereon, in proportion to the duties payable for Angle spirits 3 of

TheJevetiteenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength, which A.D. such spirits so to be imported shall bear to Angle spirits of the fame denomina-tion; for and upon every pound weight of coflee, chocolate, and cocoa nuts, that jt

shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of three pence; a tax of one shilling per barrel upon all herrings that shall be imported into this kingdom (except firitifii herrings) during the time aforesaid; an additional duty of twenty shillings sterling on every hundred weight of molasscs; an additional duty of twenty shillings on every hundred weight of treacle; an additional duty of six pence per yard for and upon all foreign Huffs, called ronulls, and all manufactures made of cotton, or of cotton and linen mixed, whether plain, painted, or stained, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, from any parts beyond the seas (except the manufacture of Great Britain; an additional duty of six pence per hide for and upon every raw and un-tanned hide, which shall be exported out of this kingdom to parts beyond the fens .(except to Great Britain) during the time aforesaid; an additional duty of one shilling for every rheam of writing or printing paper, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, (except of the manufacture of Great Britain); an additional duty of six pence per yard over and above the prefcnc duties on all damalk towclling or napkins, -made of flax or hemp, -imported into this kingdom from foreign parts, or from any other place than Great Britain, during the rime aforesaid, at orunder a yard wide, and of one flailing per yard on all such goods from fix quarters to eight quarters wide, and of two shillings per yard oil all such goods from eleven quarters to twelve‘quarters wide.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer Or vice-creasurers, paymaster or receiver general, of this kingdom. Upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums which shall or may arise out of the aids herein before particularly mentioned, Hull be received by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or paymnfter general, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and shall be duly accounted for by him or thenvto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as a further additional aid hereby given and granted for the support of his Majesty's government.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several further additional rates, duties, and impositions herein after mentioned shall be granted, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his hens ami successors, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy (even to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fevemy nine inclusively; that is to say, a further additional duty of four pounds thirteen shillings ami four pence per ton for and upon all French wines; a further additional duty of six pounds per ton for and upon all wines of - the growth of Portugal; and a further additional duty -of four pounds eleven shilling* per ton for and upon all Rhenifli wines, and all other wines .(except Spanish wines) which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above all other duties now payable for the fame, and so proportionally for a greater or Ids quantity-, a further additional duty or six pence per gallon for and upon all brandy, geneva, and pthev fpiiits that shall be imported into t]iis kingdom from the twenty fifth day of December one ihouf.iml seven hundred anil seventy ieven to the twenty fifth day uf December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine iueiv.fively (except spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America) over and above all other duties now payable for the fame; a further additional duty of one shilling per rheam upon every rheam of paper, except writing, printing, brown, blue, and pressing paper, which shall be imported into this kingdom from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, except of the mamtfacture of Great Britain; a further additional duty of ten shillings for ami upon every coach, chariot, ber-

6

The Seventeenth and eighteenth Years of - George III.

A.D. 1nV calafti, or.chaifc.with four wheels, which any person shall keep in his or her

IJ2J-2. possession, being in number nor more. than one, and of twenty shillings for every

Chap. I. coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise -with-four wheels, which any person -shall keep exceeding that number (except hackney and stage carriages, and carriages kept-by coach makers for sale) and also an additional duty of ten killings on ail chaises with two wheels which any person (hall'keep in his or her pof- session (except hackney chaises, and -chaises kept'by the makers for sale) from the twenty fifth day of December one: thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred-and seventy eight inclusively, over and above all other duties now payableforthefame; a further additional duty of ten (hillings- for and1 upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels, which every person shall keep in'his or her.possession, being in number not more than one, and of twenty shillings for every coach, chariot, bertin, calafii,-or chaise with four wheels-which any person shall-keep exceeding that number (except hackney and stage carriages and carriages kept by coach makers for-sale) and also an additional duty of ten shillings on all chaises with two wheels which any person-shall keep in his or herpoflession;(except hackney chaises and chaises kept by the makers for sale) - over and above all other duties , now payable for the fame, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and.seventy eight to the twenty fifth-day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively.

V. And be it further-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several further additional rates, duties, and impofidons herein after mentioned shall be granted, raised, 'levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December-one thousand seven hundred and 'seventy -seven to the twenty fifth -day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively; -that is to.say, a further additional duty-of four,pence per gallon for and upon-all aqua vita., -strong waters, or spirits made or distilled within this -kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker or -distiller thereof-; a further additional duty of four pence per gallon for and upon alt rum or other spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, which shall be imported into this kingdom from the twenty fifth day-of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to die twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively; a further additional duty of six pence pei-gallon for'.and ppon.all brandy, geneva, or other spirits, which shall-be-imported into this kingdom from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and feveilty nine 'inclusively, except spirits of the growth.and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

VI. And be it further-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better collecting the said duty -chargeable on every person who shall keep any carriages with four wheels, or two wheels (except as before excepted) every person who from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy -seven shall -hare or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with-.two wheels, shall within three calendar months after the -said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, or within three calendar months after lie or Ike shall have or keep any such coach, -chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, by writing-under his or her hand, certify to the collector of excise -in dome one of - the distriftt, wherein he or she shall reside or dwell within-die time aforesaid, a true account of every such coach, chariot, berlin, ca-lalli, and chaise with four wheels, and chaise with two wheels, which he or (lie shall have or keep .(except -hackney or stage carriages, and carriages kept by coach makers for tale, and except hackney chaises, and chaises -with two wheels, kept by the makers for sale) with the name of the place and parish of his or her re-ftdence or abode at die time of giving such certificate, which said certificate shall

he

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 7

be kept bjr the respective collectors of the several districts in this kingdom for A.D. the time being, and shall be also entered or registered in an alphabetical book to be by them respectively kept for that purpose; and a copy of such entry, signed Qfjjp, by such collector, or his clerk, shall be delivered, if required, without any fee or reward, to the persons delivering such certificate, and a number shall be entered on each certificate so registered; and that the said collectors respectively (halt under their lands, on or before the twenty fifth day of December in every year give a true lilt of all coaches, chariots, berlins, calaflies and chaifcs with four wheels, and all chaises with two wheels, from time to time returned-to them respectively in such certificates, with the names of the persons and places of-their abode respectively mentioned in such respective certificates, to the persons who for the time being shall be appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties; and that such persons as-(hall be appointed by the said commissioners of excise, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties on coaches, chariots, berlins, calaflies, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with -two wheels, shall have full power and authority to levy, collect, and -receive the -fame -within the district wherein the certificate shall be entered,-in the same manner as his Majesty’s-revenue arising from fire-hearths is now by law levied, collected, and received; and shall respectively deliver and (ign acquittances, without fee or reward for the fame, and shall keep duplicates' thereof-in a book-to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances are given and kept for the duty of fire-hearths; and shall respectively return the book containing-the duplicates of-such acquittances to such person and persons, and at the fame-time, and-to be disposed of in the same manner as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the said duty on fire-hearths are returned; and that the duties aforesaid shall be paid in the >respeQirediUii&$ wherein the said carriages shall be entered-or registered respectively, and in no other.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That-if any person or persons shall have or keep any coach, chariot, -berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, chargeable with the said respective duties by virtue of 'this act, which shall not be certified in manner as aforesaid, -then and in such case-every such person and persons so having or keeping such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or'chaise-with two wheels, not certified as aforesaid, shall for such neglect -forfeit the sum-of twenty pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and -levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such Ways and methods, as are prescribed and appointed for the filing, recovering, levying, and applying forfeitures, and penalties in and by an act of Parliament made and passed in the fourteenth and -fifteenth -years of - the reign of-King Charles the second, entitled, nit fir the settling of the excise tr new impose upm hi: Mojejp, hit heir: ttnd successirr, according to the hoot of rote: therein insertei.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That every person (except as before, excepted) having -in his or her keeping or possession any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, belonging to another person,

Dial] be charged for every such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, with the said dulyimposed by this a ft, in the same manner as (he owner or proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or chargeableforthe fame by this act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or iperson6 who for the lin-.e being, shall be authorized and empowered to collect and -levy the said duty On coaches, -chariots, berlins, -calaflies, and chaife6 with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, shall pay the same to the -said collectors of the several -districts, where the said duty shall be collected and raised; and that the said collectors shall keep separate and distinct accounts thereof, and pay the same into his Majesty's treasury, as othor money received ty them for (he use of his Majesty.

H a

8

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be -construed to’ extend, to charge any person or persons, who shall keep, and certify to the fa'td

Chap. I. c0^c^cr3 of excise in manner above mentioned any coach, chariot, betiin, calaflt, or chaifc with four wheels, with the said additional duty of ten shillings chargeable upon chaifeswith two wheels; nor to charge any cabriolet or garden chair, or to oblige such person or persons to make any entry of any such chaises with two wheels, or of such cabriolet or garden chair.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective additional duties, and further additional duties, rates, and impositious hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, -levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors during the time aforesaid, over and above all other duties payable by virtue of an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the -reign of King Charles - the fecund, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new impofi upon his Majesty, hii heirt andfuecejjors, according to the hooh of rata therein inserted;, or by virtue of one other act made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the said King Charles the fecornl, entitled, An act for settling the fubfdy of poundage, and granting, a.fiib-f,dy of tannage, and other fitnt of money unto his royal Majesty, his heirs andfuc-cessors, the same to be paid upon merchandises imported and exported into, or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to the book of -rates hereunto annexed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaller general, clerk of - the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon issuing-or payment of any sum or Turns of money, which shall or may arise out of the aforesaid duties hereby granted, and herein after particularly mentioned, that is.to say, the aforesaid duty of four pounds thirteen shillings and four pence per ton for and upon all French wines, the aforesaid sum of six pounds per ton for all wines of the growth of Portugal, the -said duty of four pounds eleven shillings per ton for all Rhenish wines, and all other wines, exceptSpaniffi wines, the aforesaid duty of six pence per gallon on all brandy, geneva, and all other spirits, except 'spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, the aforesaid duty of one (lulling per rheam upon every -rheam of paper, except writing, priming, brown, blue, and preifing paper, not being of - the manufacture of Great Britain, the aforesaid duties on coaches, -chariots, bcrlins, calashes, or chaises with four wheels, or chaises with two wheels, the aforesaid further additional duty of four pence per gallon on all aqua vita, llrong waters, or spirits made within this kingdom for l'alc, the aforesaid further atlditiona! duty of four pence per gallon on all rum or other spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, the aforesaid further additional duty of six pence per gallon on all -brandy, geneva, or other spirits (except spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America) shall be received by the -said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaller general for the use of his Majesty, iiis heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said wines or other goods and merchandizes herein before mentioned, upon which the said additional duties and further additional duties, hereby granted, are charged upon the importation thereof, shall, after payment thereof, or security given for the fame, be again exported by any merchant or merchants, that is or are a subject or subjects of this realm, or any other of his Majesty's dominions, within twenty four calendar months, or by merchant grangers within twelve calendar months after the importation thereof, and due proof fil'd made by certificate from the proper officer, of the due entry and payment-of the said additional duties and further additional duties hereby granted and charged thereon, or security being given for the fame, and that all other requisites have been performed, which are by law required to be performed in tliofc cases where the duties of excise are to be repaid by virtue of the before memioii-.il aft, entitled,

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.9

An act for the filtling of the txcifi or new impojl upon his Mafifip, his heirs and A.D. successors, according to the booh of rates therein inserted t than then the said additional 1777-8 duties and further additional duties hereby imposed shall without any delay or re- Chap. I.

ward, if the same shall have been paid, be repaid or allowed unto such merchant or -

merchants so exporting the fame, within one month after demand thereof; or if the same shall not have been paid, the security for the said additional duties and further additional duties, by this act charged shall be vacated or discharged, as to so much thereof as shall be so exported, any thing herein-contained to the conrrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the additional rates and duties hereby granted and imposed on coffee, chocolate, and Cocoa nuts, and all monies arising thereby, shall be paid to the trustees, appointed for the management of the hempen and flaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied to encourage and support the said manufactures and the trade thereof in this kingdom; and that the said additional duties on raw and untanned hides, and all money arising thereby, shall be paid to the said trustees, to be by them applied towards encouraging the railing of flax-feed in this kingdom.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the I c' several and respective duties, rates and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, anfvered, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the term aforesaid, at the same time, in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties ami forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and expressed, for the raising, answering, collecting, and paying of duties, in and by the said act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An all fir the settling the excise or new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the booh of rates therein inserted, or by any other law now ill force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and esseftually to all Intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted again in the body of this present act: with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved, as in and by the said act of excise or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise, is provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, a separate and dillinft account shall be kept by the proper ollicer or officers of the several turns arising from the aforesaid several aids, duties, and taxes hereby granted as aforesaid, and that the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall return their weekly abstracts from the several collectors to the accomptant-general j and that the accomptant general shall return a separate account of the aforesaid sums arising from the faiil aids, duties, anil taxes hereby granted to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies; and that every collector or receiver do take a separate receipt for the fame when paid into his Majesty's treasury; which said receipt the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his, or their deputy or deputies, i» and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several i'ums hereit; after mentioned, be paid out of the aforesaid additional duties and aids granted to his Majesty by this present act, to the persons and for the purposes herein after mentioned, that is to say, the film of four thousand pounds to the right honourable the speaker of tile house of commons, to enable him to maintain the Hate and dignity of his office; the sum of two thousand pounds per annum, for two years from the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively, to the trustees appointed for the management

Vol.XI. C of

>10

The feveriteerith and eighteenth 'Tears of' George TUT.

A.D.

of the flaxen and hempen manufactures of this kingdom to encourage the raifujg

IJJJ-8. sufficient quantities of hemp and flax in this kingdom; and also the further fam

Chap. I. two thousand pounds/w annum for two years from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the said twenty fifth >.<lay of 'December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively, to the said trustees appointed for the management of the hempen and flaxen mnnufactures of this kingdom, for the encouragement of the said hempen and flaxen manufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught; and that the said several sums, so granted to the said trustees of the flaxen and hempen manufactures, be freed and discharged from the payment of six-pence of»*.pounj!, and all other feeS'which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaster general of this kingdom, clerk of the pells, or anyotherofficer or officers of this kingdom^ the sum of five hundred pounds to the right honourable Agmondifliam Vefev, esquire, accomptant-general, as a reward for his expence and trouble-in preparing and flaring the public accounts of the nation, laid before the house of commons this session of Parliament; the sum of three hundred pounds to Henry Gore, esquire, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and making out the account of the imports and exports for two years, ended the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, pursuant to the order of the house of commons; the sum of five hundred pounds to Henry Alcock and Shapland Carew, esquires. clerks of the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance andferviccthiwHlion of Parliament; the sum of three hundred pounds to Benjamin Higgins, clerk assistant, as a reward for his attendance-and service this session of Parliament; the sum of one thousand pounds to Dixie Coddjngton, -esquire, serjeant at arms, as a reward 'for his attendance and service this session of Parliament; the sum of three hundred and-fifty pounds to George Melvin and George Frederick Winstanley, the clerks attending the committee of accounts, and other committees, of ‘the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of Parliament, to be equally divided betv/cenrthem; the sum of one hundred and twelve pounds to Abraham Bradley for printing <the public accounts laid before the house of commons this session of Parliament; :the sum of fifty pounds to Hulton Bradley, as a reward for his trouble and attendance in delivering the votes to the members of the house of commons this feflTion of Parliament; the sum of one hundred pounds 'to James Me Cowcn, and Henry Holmes, door-keepers of the house of commons, ns a reward for their attendance and service this session of Parliament, to be equally divided between 'them; the sum of two hundred pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons, to be by him divided amongst the back doorkeepers and messengers attending the house of commons, (being thirteen in number,) in such manner as he shall direct; the sum of fifty pounds to George French Winstanley, for his extraordinary trouble during his attendance on the committee of accounts j the sum of two hundred pounds to John Wetherall, assistant exaxninatorof customs, for his extraordinary trouble in making up the several accounts by him laid before the house of commons, and in attending this session of Parliament; the sum of three hundred pounds to William Horton, William Wetherall, and Paul Lebas, examinators of corn premiums, on account of the great enercafe of their trouble in examining and keeping accounts of said premiums, and for their expences in payment of clerks, in the two years ending at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven j the sum of one hundred pounds to Henry Smyth, deputy pnymaster of the corn premiums, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing the accounts by him laid before the house of commons, for two years ending Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven j the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds to fir Roger Palmer baronet, in consideration of his extraordinary attendance, care, and expence, in the office of pay-master of corn premiums, during the two

years

II

The seventeenth and-eighteenth Years of George III.

years ending at Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; the sum of one hundred pounds to the reverend Anthony Sterling, for the trouble and expence of his late father Edward Sterling efejuire, deceived, in preparing copies, superintending the printing, and making an index to the proceedings of the session of one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, being the seventeenth volume of the journals of the house of commons; the sum of three hundred pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons,-to be by him distributed, as he-(hall think fit, aroongst the several clerks, who have been and may be employed occnfionally this session of Parliament to attend select committees of the said house on elections; the sum of twelve thousand five hundred pounds to the incorporated society towards supporting the protestant charterfchooisof this kingdom; the sum of ten thousand pounds to 'the Dublin society for the improvement of husbandry, and other useful arts in Ireland, and-to enable them to continue premiums for the encouragement of agriculture, arts, and menufactures; - the fiim'of eight thousand pound* to tl»e governors of the foundling hospital and work l'.oufe towards enabling them todischarge the debts by them contracted for die use of that charity, and towards supporting their necessary expences-j *the sum of two hundred ami fifty pounds to George Mclvin, one of the committee clerks of the house of commons, for his extraordinary trouble and expence this session of Parliament; the sum of one hundred pounds-to-Benjamin-Higgins, clerk assistaiu, for his extraordinary trouble this session of Parliament.; the sum of two thousand nine hundred and forty six 'pounds to the governors of faint Patrick’s hospital to Enlarge and compleat the building-ofsaidhospital; the sum of fix -thousand pounds ic the board of first fruits for building new churches and rebuilding old churches in such parishes as no divine publick service has been performed in for twenty years pad-; the sum of two hundred pounds to Mr. James Magee for his services to the publick in the brewing trade; the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds to the trustees of the circular road, to be by them expended towards compleating the said road; the sum of one thousand seven hundred and five pounds to Daniel de Eacherois and Robert JCyle esquires, for repairing the pier and improving the harbour of Donagha-dee, to be accounted for to Parliament; the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds to the Hibernian marine society towards suppordng the said charity; the sum of five hundred pounds to do£tor Aclunet towards supporting the Dublin baths for the use of the poor-; - the sum of three -thousand pounds to the lord chancellor and chief judges for carrying on the building of offices for the publick records; the sum of four thousand pounds to the corporation for relief of the poor -in the city of Dublin for two years, from the twenty 'fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, in aid of the charitable contributions; the sum of one thousand two hundred and thirty five pounds fifteen shillings to the chancellor and chief judges for finishing the four court marshalsea; the sum of five hundred pounds to Roger flail, Robert Ross, and lfanc Cony, eftjuircs, towards compleating the wet dock and piers at AVarrcn’s-point in the bay of Caflingford, to be accounted for to Parliament; the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds to the hml mayor, fhcriiFs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, towards carrying on the ballad office wall; the f«m of five thousand pounds to the comniifliouers appointed by act of Parliament for making wide and convenient passages through the city of Dublin, to be by them expended in widening that part of the approach from his Majesty's castle nt Dublin to the parliament house between the castle gate and George Vlanc, to be accounted for to Parliament; the sum of one thousand six hundred and thirty five pounds one Shilling and six pence to Mary Hay, widow and executrix of David Hay, assignee of the late Boulter Gricrfon, being the cost of priming and binding eighty fix sets of the statutes at large in nine volumes, delivered to members of the house of commons-; the sum of three lwndred pounds to Richard Uniacke esquire, mayor

C: of

r2 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

J)t of Youghal, HughSwaync, and Jeremiah Merrick, esquires, bailiffs of Youghal,' Peter Henms, esquire, collector of Youghal, and John Brifcoe esquire, port Chap la hirveyorof Youghal, or any three of them, towards perfecting the pier to the northwards of the harbour of Youghal, to be accounted for to Parliament; the sum of one thousand pounds to the lord mayor, (hcriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, towards building the new gaol5 the sum of three hundred pounds to George Taylor and Andrew Skinner to enable them to publish their drawings of the roads of Ireland; the sum of- three thousand and twenty three pounds ten shillings to Abraham Bradley, printer to the house of commons, being the colt of seventy nine sets of the journals of the house of commons in thirteen volumes, and the appendix and index, delivered to seventy nine members who had not before received them, and for printing and binding five hundred of the seventeenth volume of the said journals pursuant to the orders of the house of commons; the sum of one thousand pounds to the trustees appointed for the improvement of Cork harbour towards carrying on the said work, to be accounted for to Parliament 5 the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds to the governors of the Hibernian school for the support of that charity j all which said several sums are to be paid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver general or ‘ receivers general, of this kingdom without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seventhe several sums granted by this act, or any other-act of Parliament now in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the railing sufficient quantities of flax and hemp in this kingdom, and for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, shall be applied to such purposes only, ami no other; and that a separate and dilttnlt account shall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof, and be laid before Parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the tax of one shilling -per barrel, hereby granted and imposed on all herrings imported into this kingdom, be paid to the Dublin society to be by them applied to the encouragement of the fisheries in the north weft parts of this kingdom.

XX. Provided always, in case any herrings so imported shall be exported within nine calendar months after such importation, that the duties hereby imposed and paid on such importation shall be repaid to and drawn back by the exporter or exporters of the same.

Lace, cambricks, or lawn, imported, (except firitish) forfeited and treble value, the ship, &c.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no gold or silver lace, cambricks, or lawns whatsoever (except of the manufacture of Great Britain) shall from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven be imported into this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks and lawns, and treble the "value thereof, and of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel; one moiety of which forfeiture shall be and remain to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall fei/.e and sue for the same by action, bill, plaint, or information in the court of Exchequer, wherein no wager of law, protection, essoign, or other dilatory plea (itall be allowed.

3 CHAT.

The Jeyenteenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

CHAP.- II. '

An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties-, Rates, Impositions and Taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the Payment of the Intcrcjl of the Sums therein provided for,' and towards the Discharge of the said Principal Sums, in such Manner as therein is directed; and/or such other Purposes as are therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by ail act of Parliament made and passed in the By 15 k fifteenth and sixteenth years of your Majesty's reign, en- a,uaioi,af

iSG. 3. c. i. additional

titled, An act for granting to his Majesty the several duties, rates,

imp flions, and taxes therein particularly cxbrclfed, to be applied to Ila)' +/,r "7rf-r , 1 . 1 - , loan intenit,

pay an tntcrejl at the rale of four per cent. per. annum, for such fart of the several principalfums formerly borrowed, as flail remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred andseventyfive, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned, several aids and additional duties were granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December ’ one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven inclusive, to pay an interest for the several sums in the said recited act particularly mentioned, or so much thereof as should remain unpaid on the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, to the person or persons who lent the* fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators or alligns, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence front the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy live, without. any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and whereas Mb duties the several aids and duties granted to your Majesty in and by the said recited act have not proved sufficient to pay and discharge ami annuities , the said several principal sums, and the interest of the fame c.vefj&f. respectively; and whereas it is necessary to provide for the pay- & 'f *'®. nient of such part of the said several principal sums, as shall re-. '3' main unpaid on the twenty' fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, together with the interest thereof and also to provide for the payment of the several annuities granted by an ‘adt passed in a session holdcir in the thirteenth and fourteenth years-of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for Vol. XI. D granting

14 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A'« D. granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such person at i 1777-8. Jbatl voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a film not exceeding the' Chap. 2. sum of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds; which act was explained and amended by one other act passed in the fame fcffiou, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this session of Parliament, entitled, An act for graining annuities in the manner therein provided to fuebpersons as fall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred* and sixty jive thousand pounds 5 and also the several annuities granted by one other act passed in the session holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to fuels persons as fall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a sum not exceeding the sum of one hundred and seventy five thousand pounds 5 we therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament per cent. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for so much uca- of the said several principal sums so formerly borrowed as aforesaid, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of Decem-1777 half her one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall he outdciluc-1" panfat the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the tion, till pnV vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster, or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months from the said twenty fifth day of December one thou-Und seven hundred and seventy seven, to the person or persons who has or have paid or lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they /shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

Annuities

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That forfafi|ooooi.rS the several annuities granted by the said recited acts to the feve-anit 175COCI. ral subscribers, who advanced a-ad paid the said two several

paid rcptiJaiJy

as by said sums of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds, and of M1,‘ one hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, into his Majesty's treasury pursuant to the said acts, shall and may be

regularly.

Theseventeenth arid eighteenth Years of George III. t$

regularly paid, as the same shall become due, according to the A.B. true intent and meaning of the said recited acts.

III. And whereas it may be necessary, that a Further sum or sums of money shall be borrowed to supply any deficiency or Forfurtinr. deficiencies, that may arise in the aids granted this session of cceding-^" Parliament for the support of your Majesty's government; we therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal filbjefts the in aids this commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly not «ctcding beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted 4/rc^jrf. by the authority aforesaid, That for all and every such further yearly with-sum and lums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sura of "^aS'JSa-one hundred and’ sixty six thousand pounds, as shall be actually c'pd repaid by any person or persons into his Majesty's treasury at the instance of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief . governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to supply such deficiencies as shall or may arise in the aids granted this. session of Parliament for the support of his Majesty's government there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or paymaster general, vice treasurers or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the respective times of such payments, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest as shall be agreed by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to be paid for the same, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Like dc-such like debentures or receipts bearing such interest, not exceeding the rate, of four pounds per centum per annum, 6s shall trod.

be so agreed upon, shall be given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury for all and every sura and sums of money to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, pursuant to this act, on account of the said intended loan, not exceeding the sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, as have been heretofore given for such parts of the several principal sums formerly borrowed; and the said debentures or receipts, so to be

Da given

ib The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

given in pursuance of this act, shall be numbered in arithmetical 1777-8- progression where the common excess or difference is to be one,

until the whole shall be numbered, beginning with the number ' next after the last number of the receipts or debentures for the sums so formerly borrowed, and now Handing out'at an interest of four pounds/er centum per annum in manner as aforesaid.

’ Expired ij v. And to the intent that the interest of the hid several sums so formerly bor-ncc. 1779.

rowed and remaining unpaid, and the said several annuities, and also the interest of the said sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall he. raised in pursuance of this act, may be duly and regularly paid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in this prefen: year one thousand seven hundred and seventy (even, there shall be throughout his Majesty's kingdom of Ireland Caised, levied, granted, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and succes- for$, until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fe-yenty nineinclusive, and no longer, over and above the several rates and duties payable by virtue of an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his. Majesty King Charles the second, entitled. An act for thefettling of thecxcise or nsuv tmpofi upon kis Majesty, h:s heirs and fnccejjors, according to the book of rales therein injerledy or by virtue of oue* other act, passed in the said fourteenth and fifteenth yoarsof the-reign of the said King Charles the second, entitled, An ail fir settling the fubfrdy *of poundage, and' granting a fubfiiy of tonnage, and other sums of SMhey\ unto his royat Majesty, his heirs and successirsy the same to be paid upon iner-. chondizes imported and exported iulot or out of the kingdom of Ireland^ according to the booh of "rates hereunto annexed^ ami over and above any other duties, rates, impositions, and taxes granted to his Majesty by any other act of parliament heretofore enacted> in this kingdom, and (till in force, and over and above any duties, rates, and.1 impositions grunted by any other act of Parliament, or which shall or may bc.enacted during this present session of Parliament, the several duties, rates, impositions, and taxes herein after mentioned, that is to say, an additional duty of six pounds per ton for and upon all forts of wine of the growth of France or . Spain, and of three pounds per ton for and upon all foTts of wine of the growth

of Portugal, and of five pounds per ton for and upon all other wines that shal) be imported into tills kingdom ‘from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven and also an additional duty of four pounds sterling per pound weight for and upon 'all vel-'.vets or manufactures made of or mixed with lilk (except.those of Great Britain#

4 ’ ’ s . ' ' China*

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 17

China, Persia, and tlieEastlndies) that shall be imported into this kingdom from and A.D. after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ferenty seven; 1777"^-an additional duty of one halfpenny^- pound weight for and upon all hops that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; an additional duty of five pounds per centum for and upon all china, earthen, japanned, or lacquered ware, as valued or rated for custom by the book of rates, that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; an additional duty of three pounds per ton far and upon all forts of vinegar drat shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; a further additional duty of two pence per gallon for and upon every gallon of aquavitx, (Irong waters, and (pints, that shall be made or distilled within this kingdom for fate, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December jne thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; a further additional duty of two pence per pound for and upon all coffee that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thou-saud seven hundred and seventy seven; a duty of ten shillings per annum ro be paid by all and every person or persons, that doth, do, or shall fell or tap out by retail any cydet at any time between the fat'd twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven and the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive; a duty of one penny per gallon for and upon all cyder that shall be fold or tapped out by retail, to be paid by the person who shall fell or tap out the fame by retail, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; an additional duty of twenty shillings to be paid by every person for every coach, chariot, berlln, calaflt, or chaise with four wheels, which such person shall keep in his or her possession (except hackney and stage carriages, ami carriages kept by coach makers for fate, and also except cabriolets of garden chairs) at any time between the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven and the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight inclusive i an additional duly of twenty shillings to be paid by every person for every coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels which any person shall keep in his or her possession (except as aforesaid) at anytime between the said twenty Vol. il. E fifth

l8 The seventeenthand eighteenth Years-of\ George III.

A. ;D. fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight and the said 1777-8- twenty fifth'day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclu-Chap. 2. , flve . an additional duty of twenty shillings per ton for and upon every ton of soap ' boilers wafie, and so in proportion for a greater or Iefier quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to any parts beyond the seas from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven I an additional duty of three pounds per ton for and upon every ton of linen rags, and so in proportion for a greater or Iefier quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to1 parts beyond the seas from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven. hundred, and seventy seven.

VI. Andwhereasgreat frauds and abuses have been-committed by the dan-. destine importation of tea from parts beyond the seas without paying any'

duty for such tea: for remedy whereof, and for the greater discouragement of the pernicious and illegal.praQiceS' of unlawfully importing.and clandestinely running and landing of tea, be it further enacted by. the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and

seventy. seven until the twenty fifth day. of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and . successors, the sum of six pence for every pound of green tea, and the sum of four

pence for every pound of black bohea and other tea, which shall be imported into -.this kingdom during the time aforesaid, in.lieu and full satisfaction of all duties of customs and excise.

VII. And be it further-enacted by the authority aforesaid,'That the further additional duties herein after mentioned, shall be raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive.; that is to say, a further additional duty of five pounds per centum for and upon the.fercral goods and manufactures (not being of the growth and produce or manufacture of Great Britain) herein after named, as the fame now (land rated for customs in the book of rates, or *f unrated shall be valued upon the oath of the importer, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above all other duties now payable for the fame, viz. apparel, apples, bacon, and hams, beads of glass, chocolate, cocoa nuts, coffee, cork, capers,..cloves, currants, chesnuts, walnuts, small

nuts,

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 19

nuts, bugles, hulled barley, artificial flowers, miliinary ware, pearl barley, fans. A.D. hats chip and llraw, anchovies, sturgeon, pins, wrought ivory; olives, onions, 1777'®*

prints and pi&utes, mnce, nutmegs, wrought incle, drugs (not being for dyer’s

use) elephant’s teeth, furs, all lacquered, japanned, gilt, painted, bronzed, and enamelled ware, -gloves -of -all forts, almonds, annifeeds, cinnamon, liquorice, pepper, piamento, pruins, railing rice, saffron, fuccards, succus liquoritia, needles, thimbles, outnal threads, fillers thread, china and earthen ware, whited brown thread, and all other threads, haberdashery, hardware, toys, mermits, iron pots, Collars, fouff, tyles, (hot, laces of cotton, thread, worlled, or fill:, groceries of all kinds .(except sugars) oranges and lemons, lime, lemon, and orange juice (not being for dyers) tape, foreign linens, and all manufactures of flax and hemp; and -also the further additional duties herein after mentioned; tint is to say, for and upon all chintzes, calicoes, and muslins of the manufacture of '

China, Persia, and the East Indies, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of fix, pence per yard over and above all other duties payable for the fame; a further additional duty for and upon all teas imported into this kingdom, which shall have been purchased at the India company sales for an higher price than four shillings British per pound at the rate of one penny per pound weight for every six pence British that shall be paid for the same, over and above the sum of four shillings British at the sales above mentioned, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive; the price of the teas to be inserted in the cocket, and to be further ascertained by a reference to the -sale books of the East India company; copies whereof, or of such parts thereof as shall relate to the teas so imported, attested by the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being of the East India company, the commissioners of >the revenue are required to procurefrom time to time for the purposes above mentioned, and which copies shall be admitted as evidence in ail prosecutions commenced or arising upon this act; and a further additional duty of six pence per pack for and upon all printed or playing cards, that shall be manufactured or vended in this kingdom between the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven and the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine,

'pver and above all other duties now. payable for the same.

-E 2 VIII. And

'The seventeenthand eighteenth Years of George III.

fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred'and seventy eight and the,laid twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive; an additional duty of twenty shillings per ton for and upon every ton of soap boilctswafte, and' so in proportion for a greater or lefier quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to any parts beyond the seas from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousandsevenhundred and seventy seven; an additional duty of three pounds per ton lor and upon every ton of linen rags, and lo in proportion for a greater or lefier quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to-parts beyond the seas from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven. hundred and seventy seven.

VI. And whereas great frauds and abuses have been-committed by the dan- deltine importation of . tea from parts beyond the seas without paying any! . duty for such tea: for remedy whereof, and for the greater discouragement of the pernicious and illegal. practices of unlawfully importing, and clandestinely running and landing of tea, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after, the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and

seventy seven until the twenty fifth day- of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusively. there. shall be paid to his Majesty,: his heirs and . successors, the sum of six pence for every pound of green tea, and the sum of four pence for every pound of black bohea and other tea, which shall be imported into -iliis kingdom during the time aforesaid, in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties - of customs and excise.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,'That the further; additional duties herein after mentioned, shall be raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive.; that is to say, a further additional duty of five pounds per centum for and upon the several goods and manufactures (not being of the growth and produce or manufacturee of Great Britain) herein after named, as the fame now Hand rated for customs in the book of rates, or of

unrated shall be valued upon the oath of the importer, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above all other duties now payable for the fame, viz. apparel, apples, bacon, and hams, beads of glass, chocolate, cocoa nuts, coffee, cork, capers,_cloves, currants, chesnuts, walnuts, small

18

A.D.

1777-8-Chap. 2.

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 19

nuts, bugles, hulled barley, artificial flowers, millinary ware, pearl barley, fans, hats chip and -straw, anchovies, sturgeon, pins, wrought ivory;' olives, onions, prints and pictures, mace, nutmegs, wrought incle, drugs (not being for dyer’s use) elephant's teeth, furs, all lacquered, japanned, gilt, painted, brunzed, and enamelled ware, gloves of all forts, almonds, annifeeds, cinnamon, liquorice, pepper, piamento, pruins, raiflns, rice, saffron, fuccards, fnccus liquoritia, needles, thimbles, outnal threads, fillers thread, china and earthen- ware, whited

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 2.

brown thread, and all other threads, haberdashery, hardware, toys, mermits, iron pots, fciflars, (huff, tyles, shot, laces of cotton, threid, worded, or fill:, groceries of all kinds .(except sugars) oranges and lemons, lime, lemon, and orange juice (not being for dyers) tape, foreign linens, and all manufactures of flax and hemp; and also the further additional duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, for and upon all-chintzes, calicoes, and muslins of the manufacture of China, iPersia, and the East Indies, that shall be imported.into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of fix. pence per yard over and-above all other duties payable for the fame; a further additional duty for and upon all teas imported into this kingdom, which shall have been purchased at the India company files for an higher price than four shillings British per pound at the rate of one penny per pound weight for every six pence British that shall be paid for the same, over and above the sum of four shillings British at the sales -above mentioned, from die-twenty -fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the -twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive; the price of the teas to be inserted in the cocket, and to be further ascertained by a reference -to - the file books of the Call India company; copies whereof, or of such-parts-thereof as shall relate to the teas so imported, attested by the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being of the East India company, the commissioners of - the revenue are required -to procure-from time.to time for the purposes above mentioned, and which copies shall be -admitted as evidence in all prosecutions commenced or arising upon this; and a further additional duty of six pence par pack for and upon all printed or -playing cards, that shall be-manufactured or-vended in this kingdom between the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven and -she twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, 'over and above all other duties now. payable for the lame.

£ 2

30

fieseventeetith AitA eighleinih feats -6f GeOfgfc III.

A.D.

vrif. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said

of, orsecurity given for the fame, be again exported by any merchant or merchants, who is or are subject or subjects of this realm of any other his Majesty's dominions, within tw enty four calendar months, or by riierchants strangers within twelve calendar months after the importation thereof; and if due proof shall be first made by certificate from the proper officers of the due entry and payment of the said duties hereby granted, or security given for the fame, and if all other requisites shall be performed which are by law required to be performed in those cases, where the duties of excise are to be repaid, that then the said duties hereby imposed shall without any delay br reward be repaid or allowed unto such merchant or merchants so exporting the fame within one calendtr month after demand thereof, or the security for the said duties by this act charged shall be vacated as to so much, as shall be exported;.any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy feVenhO person or persons whatsoever shall fell or tap out by retail atiy cyder within this kingdom, but only such as shall be licenced according to the directions of this act, under such penalty as herein after is expressed;

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy fevett it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's excise, or any three of them, and the collectors of his Majesty's excise in their several and respective districts, from time to time to issue and grant such licences for the Telling and tapping out cyder by retail; and that for every such licence so to be granted the sum of one shilling and one penny, and no more, shall be paid br demanded as a fee for the fame; and if any person or persons shall from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven fell or tap out cyder by retail without such licence as aforesaid, every such person so offend1-ing shall, for every time he or she shall so offend, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

3

Tht seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 21

XI. - And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better or- A.D. dering and cohering the said duty of pne penny per gallon for and upon all cyder 1777-8. that shall be fold.or tapped out by retail, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chap. 2, gauger or gaugers and officers of excise within their respective didrifts from time

to time from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to enter in the day time into the houses, out-houses,

(lore houses, and cellars of every retailer or retailers of cyder, and to take an account of all such cyder, as shall be found in the possession of such retailer or retailers, and to charge such retailer or retailers with the said duty of one penny per gallon accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven every retailer of cyder shall shew to the gaugers, or officers of excise on demand all his or her (lock of cyder then on hand? and in case any such retailer or retailers of cyder, or his, her, or their servant or servants (in case such retailer or retailers shall not be present, when the gauger or officer of excise shall come to such retailer’s house to take Hock as aforesaid) shall refute to make declaration, and shew all his or her (lock of cyder then on hand, every such retailer shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds; and if such gauger or officer of excise shall, after declaration made as aforesaid, find any cyder in the possession or custody of such retailer or retailers over and above the quantity so shewn and declared, such retailer shall likewise forfeit and lofc the sum of ten pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better collecting the said duty chargeable on every person who shall keep any carriage with four wheels (except as before excepted) every person, who from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and -seventy seven shall have or keep any coach, chariot, berliu, calalh, or chaise with four wheels, shall within three calendar months after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy fevcit, or within three calendar months after he or she shall have or keep any such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, by writing under his or her hand certify to the collector of excise in forne one of the diilticls wherein he or she shall reside or dwell within the time aforesaid, a true account of every such coach, chariot, berlin, ca)ash, and chaise Vol. XI. V with

22

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

with four wheels, which he or she shall have or keep (except hackney or stage car* riages and carriages kept by coach makers for sale) with the name of the place and parifll of his o^-her residence or abode at the time of giving such certificate; which said certificate shall be kept by the respective collectors of the several distritts in this kingdom for the time being, and shall be also entered or registered in an alpha* betical book to be by them respectively kept for that purpose, and a copy of such entry signed by such collector or his clerk, to be delivered, if required, without fee or reward to the person delivering such certificate; and a number shall be entered on each certificate so registered; and that the said collectors respectively shall under their hands on or before die twenty fifth day of December in every year give a true lift of all coaches, chariots, berlins* calafties, and chaises with four wheels, from time to time returned to them respectively in such certificates, with the names of the persons and places of their abode respectively mentioned in such respective certificates to the persons, who for the time being shall be appointed by said commtf-sioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties; and that such persons, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners of excise, or any three of them, to collctt and receive the said duties on coaches, chariots, bcrlins, calaflies, and chaises with four wheels, shall have full power and authority to levy, collett, and receive the same within the distritt, wherein the certificate shall be entered, in the same manner as his Majesty's revenue arising from fire hearths is now by law levied, col letted, and received, and Hull respectively sign and deliver acquittances without fee or reward for the fame, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances are given and kept for the duty of fire hearths, and shall rc-fpcttively return the book containing the duplicates of such acquittances to such person and persons, and at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner, as books containing the duplicate of acquittances for the said duty on fire hearths are returned; and that the duties aforesaid shall be paid in the respective distritts, wherein the said carriages shall be entered or registered respectively, and in no other.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaifc with four wheels, chargeable with the said duty by virtue of this att, which shall not be certified in manner as aforesaid, then and in such case every such person and persons so having or keeping such coach, chariot, berlin, caiafli, or chaifc with four wheels, not certified as aforesaid, shall for such neglect forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,

to

The Seventeenth-and eighteenth Years of George III. 23

to be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such maimer and form, and by such A.D. ways arid methods as are preferred and appointed for the recovery of penalties in 1777-8. and by an act of Parliament made and paired in the said fourteenth and fifteenth Chap. 2. years of the reign of the said King Charles the second, entitled, An all fir the frilling of the excise or hew impofi upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the tat of rates therein infer ted.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That every person (except as before excepted) having in his or her keeping or posscIGon, any coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or chaise with four wheels, belonging to another, shall be charged for every such coach, chariot, ber-lin, calafli, or cliaifc with four wheels, with the said duty imposed by this act, in the same manner as the owner or proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame by this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons, who for the time being shall be authorized and impowered to collect and levy the said duty on coaches, chariots, berlins, calashes, and chaises with four wheels,

shall pay the same to tire said collectors of the several districts, where the said duties shall be collected, and raised, and that the said collectors shall keep fepirate and Jif-tinct accounts thereof, and pay the same into his Mjje/ly’s treasury, as other money received by them for the use of his Majesty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ( said, That all and every person or persons to whom debentures or bentura may receipts of one hundred pounds each have been given for any part of the said several principal sums formerly borrowed as aforesaid, which shall remain unpaid on the said twenty fifth day of December in this present year one thousand seven hundred and l'eventy seven, now carrying interest at the rate of four pounds per cent, per annum, as also such person or persons, to whom such debentures or receipts shall be given for any sum or sums, which shall or or may be borrowed in pursuance of this act, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall or may at his, her, or their election or choice receive in exchange for the fame from the vice treal'urer or vice treasurers, or paymaster or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, either four debentures of twenty five pounds each, or two debentures of twenty five pounds each, and four of twelve pounds ten shillings each, as he, she, or they shall think proper; such debentures so given in exchange F 2 to

?4 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

to be numbered in such manner as the vice treasurer or vice 177778. treasurers, paymaster, or receiver general, his or their deputy or Chap. 2. deputies, shall think fit, and to bear the fame rate of interest payable transfer- at fame time and times with the debenture or debentures so able by m- exchanged as aforesaid, which are hereby required to be cancelled; urn uiiL.it. a(J(j tjiat ajj an(j every person or persons intitled, or who shall be intitled, to any debenture of one hundred pounds each, or to any debenture of any letter sum taken in exchange for such de- benture -of one hundred pounds each, may by indorsement on such debentures or receipts transfer the right and benefit of the sums due on the said debentures or receipts, which indorsement upon notice to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, and an entry or memorial thereof made in the said vice treasurer’s office, which the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, shall upon request without charge, fee, or reward, make accordingly and shall on request permit the same to be viewed at the usual office hours without fee or reward, shall intitle the indorsee or assignee, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, to the foie benefit of the sum so transferred or assigned; and that the said debentures or receipts may in like manner be assigned or transferred by such indorsee or assignee, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, and so toties quoties; and that after such assignment it shall not be in the power of the person or persons, who made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the said assignment, or to discharge or receive the sum thereby transferred or assigned, or any part thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That till and every the several and respective additional and other duties and rates hereby granted, other than such as are otherwise by this present act appointed, shall be raised, anfrvered, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the tern) aforesaid, at the same time, and in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under fuel, penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and expressed in and by the said act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling if the exeije or new impojl upon his Majesty* his heirs and successsorsy according to the hook of rates therein infer tedy or by any other law now in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and elFeftually to all intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and 3 cnaQed

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

enacted again in the bod/ of this present afb, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duty of excise, is provided.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who shall have- upon the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, or who (halt have at any time be* tween the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, any salary, profits of employment, fees, or pensions, in this kingdom, shall during the time aforesaid pay unto his Majesty the full sum of four shillings (lerling out of every twenty shillings a year, which he, (lie, or they do, or shall receive, or be entitled unto, by reason of such salaries, profits of employ* ments, fees and pensions, over and above the charges and expences of executing the said employments; unless such person or persons do or shall live and actually reside within this kingdom for and during the space of six calendar months at least in every such year; which said tax or duty of four shillings (lerling, payable on every twenty shillings a year as aforesaid, shall be (lopped and deduced yearly out of such respective salaries, fees, and pensions, during the time and term aforesaid, by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster or paymasters, and receiver general of his Majesty's revenue, or by such person or persons who is or are to pay the same; and which said tax of four shillings in the pound, to be (lopped and de--ducled as aforesaid by the person or persons, who is or are to pay the said salaries, shall be by him or them paid to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted for to his Majesty; and aid that the said tax of four shillings in the pound, to be (lopped and deducted out of the said salaries, profits of employments, fees, and pensions, of any person or persons so absent as aforesaid, shall be (lopped by the respective deputy or deputies of such person and persons so absent as aforesaid, and paid by them to the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted for to his Majesty; and that such deputy or deputies (lull, within one calendar month after such tax shall become due, give in upon oath an account before the lord chief baron or any of the barons of the Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, of the net profits of such employment or employments, for which such deputy or deputies is, are, or shall be accountable to Vox., XL G their

*s

A.D. 1777.8. Chap. 2*

26 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A, IX their principals, which accounts such person or persons, to whom the same shall be gi- I'J'J y-8-» vcnupon oathasaforefiitl, shall forthwith send to the said vice treasurer or vice trea-Chftp* 2. furers, hie or th$ir deputy or deputies 5 and such deputy or deputies of such person or persons so absent as aforesaid shall within one calendar month, after such accoun£ given in before the chief baron or any of the barons of the Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace as aforesaid, pay to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or thdx deputyxar deputies, the sum due and payable to his Majestyfor and on account of the said tax of four shillings in the pound, chargeable upon the net profits of such employment or employments, office or offices; and in case such deputy or deputies of the person or persons so absent as aforesaid shall omit or neglect to give iu upon oath such account, or to pay the said tax, within the respective times herein before for that purpose appointed, such deputy or deputies neglecting or omitting the fame from the time of iiich omission or neglect shall be incapable of exercising or holding such deputation, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin ? one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall file for the fame, in which suit no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the secretary or secretaries of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and the agent and agents of the several persons who are entitled to receive any Hilaries, fees, or penftons, upon his Majesty's eftnklishment, shall respectively on or about the last day of February yearly deliver in upon oath, (which oath tile said lord chief baron or any of the barons of his Majeljgfs court of Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, are hereby required and impowered to administer) to the bell of their knowledge a list or account of such of the oflicers of the revenue, and of the person or persons who are entitled to receive any such fabrics, fees or penftons, who shall have been absent and out of this kingdom for Hx calendar mouths in the year ending the twenty fifth day of December next preceding: and in case such secretary or secretaries, agent or agents, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such lifts respectively, he or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the said office of feercUry or secretaries, or from being ngcjtf or agents.

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

47

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, J),

That this act Xhall not extend to oharge the tax or duty of four shillings llerling 1 1777*8. year on every twenty shillings as aforesaid upon the dalaty, petition, fees, or profits Chap. 2. of employments, payable to any of the defendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, or to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of tins kingdom for the time being, or to his or their principal secretary, or to prince Ferdinand duke of Brunswick, the duke and dutchess of Athol, the right honourable Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, or George Charles, esquire, if. his Majesty shall think fit by his Cgn manual to exempt the said prince Ferdinand duke of Brunswick, the duke and dutchess'of Athol, the said lord baron Hawke, and George Charles, or any of them, from the payment of the fame; nor shall the fame extend to the officers of the army, so far os relpefls the pay arising from their regimental commissions, nor shall the fame extend to the half pay officers on the establishment of this kingdom, or the widows of officers.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither the six pence per pound nor any other fee shall be payable -to, nor be deducted or received by, the vice rreasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any fuin or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, or of the said sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, or any part thereof, which shall or may be borrowed, or of any payment to be made ia pursuance hereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the yearly produce of the said duties arising upon teas, as shall amount to the sum of ten thousand pounds yearly, shall in the first place be paid to the said trustees of the hempen and linen manufactures in this kingdom; and that so much of the residue of the said duties upon teas, as shall amount to the sum of seven thousand three hundred pounds yearly, shall be placed to the account of his Majesty's hereditary revenue; and that the surplus of the produce of such duties, together with the several other duties and aids hereby granted unto his Majesty shall in the iirlt place be applied and paid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to the discharge of the filtered of lb much of the said several principal films formerly borrowed as aforesaid, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred G 2 and

No fee oo payments, under this act.

iooool. of duty to linen mium* fo&11 re,

7300 to hereditary ievc-uue, surplus with the other duties to intereil of loan due 25 December 1777, to the annuities, and loan intcrcit of said

l6fooool

28 The femnteenth and eighteenth Years o/Getogelir

’3&H G. j. c. 7. continued to 25 Dec.

->779.

ftirplus duties to principal of former loan, next to fat'd 166003l.

Principal and interest due 25 Dec. 1779, paid without do duction.

Separate accounts of appropriated duties.

and seventy seven, and in the next place to the payment of the annuities aforesaid, and the expences which shall or may be incurred thereby pursuant to the said several recited a<9s, and' the' provisions herein after contained, and also to the discharge of the interest of such sum or sums, not exceeding the said sum-of one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act in the manner, and at the respective times, and according to the rate of interest herein before mentioned. 1

XXIV. And for that purpose, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the herein before mentioned act, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this fcjjitm of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such persons, as shall voluntarilyfubferibe towards the raising a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds, shall continue until the twenty fifth day of December in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and no longer; and that the surplus or residue of the produce of the said duties be applied towards the payment of the said principal sums formerly borrowed, carrying an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and in the next place to the payment of the said sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said principal sums formerly borrowed as aforesaid, as shall remain due and unpaid on the said twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, as also such sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, as shall or may be borrowed'in pursuance of this act, shall be well and truly satisfied and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with such interest for the same as shall be then due at the rate aforesaid, without any deduction, defalcation, or abatement whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, a separate and (liftindt account shall be kept by the proper officer of the aids, duties, and taxes granted hereby, or by any other act of Parliament now

1 in

The sevenieenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 29

in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to particular uses, A.D. and that the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall return ^77H^ their weekly abstracts from the several collectors to the account- weekly ab. ant general, and that the accountant general shall return a separate account of the several duties and taxes fb appropriated to ""4. the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies; and that every collector or receiver of the said duties and taxes do take a separate receipt for the fame, when paid into his Majesty's treasury, which said receipt the vice treasurer or separatere-

turns and re-

vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby ceipts. required to give accordingly.

CHAP. III.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sticcessors, several Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland Krjiitcdz;

in Parliament assembled, being deftrous to raise such aids and supplies as :7'?1 may be sufficient to support with honour and dignity your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal apd commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven there shall be throughout the kingdom of Ireland raised, collc£\cd, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December aforesaid, till the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in the year one thousand jferen hundred and seventy nine inclttfive, far the several and respective matters and things htrein after mentioned, which shall be written or engrafted at any time or times from the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, and sums of moRey herein after cx-pressed, in manner and form following, (that is to say) for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, on which any grants or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privilege to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplifications of the fame,

shall be engrafted or written (commissions of rebellion in process always excepted) the sum of three pounds; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (hect or piece of paper, on which any pardon (except the pardon passed in forma fimperii) of or for any crime or offence, or of any sum of money or forfeiture whatsoever, or on which any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punish-mem, or other forfeiture, shall be engrafted or written, the sum of three pounds, for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fliect of paper, upon which' any gram front his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland,

shall be engrafted or written, the sum of three pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or for every (beet of paper, upon which any grant of any office or employment, which shall he above the value of fifty pounds ptr annum, shall be written or engrafted, the sum of three pounds; for every Vot. Xf. H (kin

The fiventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

(kin or piece of vellum or parchment,- on which any grant of lands in fee, lease for years, or other, grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or the seal of the exchequer [cujlodir.u; leases excepted) shall be engrailed or written, the funv of two pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet of paper, upon which any presentation or donation, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made by any archbishop or hilltop, or any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year or upwards, shall be engrossed or written, the flint of two pounds, the value to be ascertained by the certificate of the archbishop or bishop, or vicar general of the dioccfes; provided always, that tw.o of more benefices episcopally united shall be deemed anil taken to be one benefice only; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or flieot of paper, on which any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or mailer of the faculties for the time being, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, sheet or piece of paper, upon which any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, proflor, notary, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written (except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whole office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, or other perquisites) the sum of three pounds; for evert’ Still or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any appeal front the court of admiralty or the prerogative court, or from any archiepifeopa! court, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of three pounds; for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or oilier deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts in the city of Dublin, or in any Other court of record whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written, tile sum of five shillings; for every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any writ of covenant for levying a fine shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings and six pence; for every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any writ of entry for suffering a common recovery shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings and six pence; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment upon which any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever, shall he engrailed or written, the sum five of shillings; for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any decree or dismissiou made by or in the courts of chancery or exchequer shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence; for every 'skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or lliect of paper, upon which auy inllitution that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, or bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or any ecclesiastical court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings; provided that an inflitutiop to two or more benefices episcopally united shall be considered as to a Angle benefice; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any writ of error, certiorari, or appeal, except to the delegates, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings; as also for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any writ of habtas corpus shall be engrossed or written, the sum of one shilling; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any sentence, that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or upon which any attachment that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation of any such attachment, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings; for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, fhcct or piece of paper, upon which any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any cflate above the value of thirty

pounds.

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 31

pounds, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings j for every skin or A.D. piece of vellum or parchment, sheet or piece of paper, upon which any recogni- 1777-8. zances condifioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants or Chap. 3.

agreements, statute staple, or statute merchant, shall be engrossed or written, or t——v ->

entered of record in any court or oflice, the sum of five shillings, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by persons applying for licences to fell by retail beer, ale, wine, (trong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay six pence only; for every (tin or piece of velium or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any record of iiifi prim or pi, His, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings and fir pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the mailer of any office, or his deputy, or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his secondary, deputy, or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts at the city of Dublin, who have power or usually do or dial] sign judgments, a duty after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every judgment engrossed or written on such skin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper; for every lkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any commission issuing out of any cede-fiaftica! court, not herein otherwise particularly charged, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings and six pence; for every lkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper, upon which any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty,- shall be engrossed or written (except in suits for the payment of seamen’s wages) the sum of two shillings and six pence; for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any special bail to be taken in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any other court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written, and for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any appearance upon such special bail, the sum of one (lulling; for every piece of parchment, vellum or paper, upon which any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and upon which any appearance, that shall be made upon such bail, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, upon which shall be engrossed or written any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any other pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, the sum of oneshilling; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, and for every fhect or piece of paper, upon which any admission into any corporation or company, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence; for every skin or piece of parchment, or piece or fheetof paper, upon which any affidavit shall be engrossed or written (except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, or any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation afling as a justice of the peace, or a fling in any court of confidence or of summaty jurisdifli-on, or before any judge of assize, or commissioner of oyer and terminer relative to prosecutions or trials on indictments, or to civil lulls, or that shall be made for the purpofi: of railing or accounting for publick money, and except affidavits made relative to the hempen and flaxen manufacture, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before (he truflecs of any turnpike relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or affidavits made before the Dublin society) the sum of six pence; for every skin or piece of parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any copy of such affidavit as is herein before charged, that shall be filed or read in any court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fhect of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any indenture, lease, or deed poll, not

H t hereby

3 2 The sevenleenih and eighteenth Years of George III.

A, I}, hereby otherwise charged (except indentures for binding poor parish or other poor 1777-8. children supported by publick or private charities apprentices) the sum of one (hil-Chap. 3. i'nB s for every flrin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of t^~y>w paper, upon which any original writ (except such original upon vrtiich a writ of capias blues) fubpana, writ of capias qaoai'ntniy writ Of dtdwws potljldtsai to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate (bat shall issue out of or pass the seals of any of the courts in the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence; for every (tin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper upon which any entry of any action in the mayor’s and (herifls courts in the city of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process, or mandates issue, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, shall be engrofled or written, the sum of six pence; for every (tin or piece of vellum, parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any rule or order (except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to preferments) made or given in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, either courts of law or equity, which shall be taken out, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence 5 for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or lheet or piece of paper, upon which any copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to preferments entered, or the copies of any other records or proceedings in any of the said courts at the city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or lheet of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence, or final decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or Jthe court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engrossed or written except in suits for recovery of seamen’s wages, the sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (fleet of paper, upon which any charter party, policy of assurance, passport, bond, release, contrail, or other obligatory instrument, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, or any other notarial act whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pence; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or lheet of paper, upon which any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever in any court of law, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of one penny; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, piece or lheet of paper, upon which any copy thereof shall be written or engrossed, the sum of one penny; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any depositions taken in the court of chancery or court of exchequer (except the paper drafts of depositiona taken by virtue of any commission before they are engrossed) which are not herein before charged, or upon which any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatory, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever in any court of equity, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of 011c penny; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which a copy, attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any eedefia Aical court, of any will, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of one penny; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs or duties for or in respect of the rc-shipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, which at any time or times from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy (even to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand 6 seven

7/5* seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 33

(even hundred and seventy nine inclusive shall be exported, or shipped to be export- A.D.

ed, from the kingdom of Ireland for any parts beyond the seas, to be paid by 1777-8* the person for whose benefit or at whose instance such debenture or certificate shall Chap. 3. be obtained} the sum of four pence; for every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time less than a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any one (beet or piece of paper only, the sum of one penny 5 for every other almanack or calendar for any one particular year the sum of two pence*

Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any calendar or perpetual almanack in any bible or common prayer book, or to charge any other calendar or almanack with more than the duty, that would be payable by this act for such other calendar or almanack, in case it were made for three years only. Provided that for every printed almanack or calendar, made to serve for several years, the respective rates aforesaid shall be paid for every such year. For all papers containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, a duty of one halfpenny for every (beet or piece of paper less than a (beet, on which such news, intelligence, or occurrences, shall be printed; for every pamphlet or paper not exceeding fix (beets in octavo, or iu a lesser page, or not exceeding twelve (heets in quarto, or twenty (beets in folio, so printed, a duty after the rate of one (lulling (lerling for every (beet of any kind of paper, which shall be contained in one printed copy or imprefiiou thereof; for every advertlfement to be contained in or published with any gazette, news paper, or journal, to be published weekly or oftner, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at* any other interval of time, the sum of two pence.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum of money or for making any valuable consideration for or upon the loss of any fiiip, vessel, goods, wages, money, effects, or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss whatsoever, or for or upon any life or lives, shall be cortftrued, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of assurance within the meaning of this act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deed, mstrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing, between the captain or matter, or owner of any fiiip or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, wares, merchandizes, or effects, laden, or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party within the meaning of this act.

IV. And for preventing abuses committed by arretting perfous without any writ or legal process to juitify the fame, by means whereof the duty, hereby given to the crown upon such process, will be lott, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven every officer or clerk belonging, or which shall hereafter belong, to the court of king's bench, common pleas, or exchequer, who shall sign any writ or process before judgment to arrett any person or persons thereupon, shall at the signing thereof set down upon such writ or process the day and year of the signing the fame; which shall be entered upon the remembrance roll, or in the book where the abstraft of such writ or process dial) be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every offence or neglect of such office*- or clerk aforesaid j to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in any court of record of his Mnjctty, his heirs or successors, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no wager of law, protection, or essoign or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all books and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack, by whatsoever name or names entitled or dcfcished, are and shall be charged with the duty imposed by

Vol. XI I by

34 The seventeenth and eighteenth Ytdrsof George III.

A.D.

by this act on almanacks, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on 1777-8. pamphlets, or any other printed papers; any thing herein contained to the con-Chap. 3, trary notwithstanding.

v-op"VI. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained shall not extend to charge any bills of exchange, accounts, bills of parcels, bills of tees, or any bills or notes (not sealed) for payment of money at fight, or upon demand, or at the-end of certain days of payment.

VII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to charge the probate of any will or letters of administration of any common seaman or soldier, who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's fen-ice, a certificate being produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding officer of the troop or company under whom such seaman or soldier served at the time of his death, and oath (or if by a quaker a solemn affirmation) shall be made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or officer, by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted, which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, and for which no fee or reward shall be taken.

VIII. Provided also, That none of the rates, duties, or sums of money, before in this act expressed, shall be ruifed, levied, collected, or paid, or be payable'unto His Majesty by virtue of this act, by any puffin or personss that shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis y lb far as relates to the suit, in which he or they shall be so admitted to sue or defend.

I2C Provided also, That this act, or any clause therein contained, shall not be conffrucd to charge with any duty any warrant made by, or recognizance taken before any justice or justices of the peace, or any proceedings of any court martial which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrants, recognizances, and proceedings, shall and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties before mentioned in this act.

X. Provided alffi, That this act shall not extend to charge any acts of Parliament, proclamation, order of council, forms of prayer and thanksgiving, or any n£ls of (late, which shall be ordered by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the lord lieutcnam, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed, or the printed votes, or other matters which are or shall he ordered to be printed by either house of Parliament, with ar.y of the said duties on-pamphlets or newspapers, or to charge any books commonly uffid .111 any of the schools of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, with the said duties on pamphlets, or to charge any single advevtisement printed by Ufelf, or the daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, or the weekly bills of mortality (so as such accounts or bills do contain no other matters, than what have been usually comprized therein) with any the duties aforesaid; any thing herein contained to die contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more e(fe£lual levying, collecting, and paying unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several and respective duties hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint such persons, as his Majesty, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit, to be commissioners or officers for the stamping and marking of parchment, vellum, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon *, and that the commissioners, so to be appointed, shall keep their head office in some convenient place within the city of Dublin: And the said commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered under their hands and seals to appoint such other inferior officers with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for the marking or stamping of vellum, parchment,

and

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 35

and paper, or for the better collefUng or levying the duties hereby granted to his A.D. Majesty, his heirs and successors, as they in their discretion flnll think proper. *777~^‘ YTT. provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Chap. That the several commissioners and officers for the stamping or marking vellum, <—-~v '

parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, appointed by his excellency the lace lord lieutenant in pursuance of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majest/s reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, and atfo by one other act, passed in the session of Parliament holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of hts Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and the several inferior officers appointed by the said commissioners in pursuance of the said acts, as also such ether commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance of this act, for the more effectual levying the several duties hereby granted continue to act in the several offices to which they have been or shall be so appointed, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the fame rciiriftions and limitations, as are mentioned in the said recited acts, or one of them, unless they, shall be sooner removed from fut^h offices by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, or by the said commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several types, marks, or (lamps, already provided by the said commissioners for the several and respective duties granted by the said receited act, shall continue to be used for the stamping and impressing of all vellum, parchment, and paper, on which any of the several and respective things herein before charged shall be engrossed or written } and that the said types, marks, or (lamps, or any of them, shall or may be altered, or renewed from time to time, ns his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit, so ns publick notification thereof be given by proclamation, to be ifiucd under the great seal of Ireland, a convenient time before the said types, marks, or (lamps, shall be altered or renewed, to the end that all persons may have due notice thereof.

XIV. And that all courts of justice and judges whatsoever shall without any allegation or proof on that behalf take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and (lamps, heretofore appointed by virtue of the said recited acts, and of nl; types, marks, and (lamps, which shall or may be hereafter published by virtue of any proclamation or proclamations, which shall or may be issued as and for the true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps, to be made use of in pursuance of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners in providing types, marks, and (lamps from time to time shall take care, they be so contrived, that the impression thereof may be durable, and that the fame may be lead liable to be forged or counterfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners heretofore constituted or hereafter to be constituted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being as aforesaid, shall and may from time to time, a3 they shall see occasion, appoint a fit person>to attend in any court or office to take notice of the vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid shall be engrossed, written, or put, and of the marks or (lamps thereupon, and of all other matters and things tending to secure his Majesty's duties arising by this act j and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the request or requests of the said commissioners, or of any two or more of them, shall make such orders in the

I- 2 respective

36 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

respective courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of

1777-8. the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalf; and that

Chap. 3. every commissioner and other officer hereafter to he appointed, before he proceeds to the execution of this act, shall take the oath following, that is to say:

I. A.B. do swear, that I will faithfully execute the irtt/l reposed in me pursuant to Get act of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, withoutfraud or concealment, and will from time to time true account make of my doings therein, end deliver the same to such person or persons, as his Majesty, his heirs orfuccej/ors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, hath appointed, or hereafter shall appoint, to receive such account, and will take no fee, reward, or profit for the execution or performance of the said truf, or the bufness relating thereunto, from any person or persons, other than such as shall be paid or allowed h his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by some other person or persons for that purpsjv authorized by his Majese, cr by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom Jvr the time being.

And such oath shall and may be administered to any such commissioner or commissioners by any two or more of the fur.e commissioners, whether they thall have taken the fame previously or not; am) any of the said commissioners, or any justice of the peace within the kingdom of Ireland, shall and may administer the like oath to any subordinate officer.

XVKI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, and other oflicers heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be employed, or intruded by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time to time in and for the better execution to their several places and trulls observe and perform such rules, methods, and orders, as they respectively have received or shall receive from time to time from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being *, and that the said commissioners shall take special care, that the several parts of this kingdom from time to time be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and paper, damped or marked as aforesaid, so as his Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy the fame of the oflicers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners at the usual or moll common rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper to be stamped as aforesaid, or to fiirnish themselves or others that shall have done the same.

XVIII. And to the end that his Majesty may not be defrauded of any of the duties hereby granted, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all records, writs, pleadings, and other proceedings, in courts of law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever, hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such manner, as they have been usually accustomed to be written, or are now written.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ail writings, matters, and things, in respect whereof any of the said duties shall be payable, and which shall be engrossed or written after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fevemy (even, shall be written in such manner that some pait thereof shall be either upon, or as near as conveniently may he to, the damps or marks which shall in pursuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the same shall be written or engrossed, upon pain that the person, who shall write or eugrofs, or cause to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter, or thing contrary to the tenor and true meaning hereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, with full colls of suit.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby intended to be charged, with the several and respective duties aforesaid, dial), before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head office aforesaid,

l» to

The seventeenth and eighteenth 'Years of George III. 37

to be stampetl and marked; and the said commissioners and officers are A. JX hereby required upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the same forth- ] y,y-8. with without fee or reward to damp or mark any quantities or parcels of vellum, Gliap, ", narchment, or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or officers, as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respective duties hereby directed to be paid for the same.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be arrested from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousuml seven hundred ami seventy seven by any writ, bill, or process issuing out of any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, ami the sheriff or other officer shall take bail from such person, against whom such writ, bill, or process is taken but, the fhcrilF or other officer at the request and cofis of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or *his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action the bail bond, or other security taken from such bail, by indorsing the fame, and attefiing it under his hand and seal, in the prefcncc of two or more credible witnesses, which may he done without any stamp, provided the assignment so indorsed, be duly stamped before any adliou be brought thereupon; and also that from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all flicrifls and other officers having authority to grant replevins, when and as often as it shall become necessary for such sheriff or other officer to assign any bond of any plaintiff in replevin to the avowant, such assignment may be made without any stamp, provided the assignment so made be duly stamped before any action brought thereupon.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any commissioner or other officer, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, flmll fix any such mark or stamp td any vellum, parchment, or paper, before the several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be paid to his Majesty's use, he Hull for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall inform or fuc for the fame in any of lu$ Majesty's courts of record.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons hath or have engrossed or written, or caused to be engressed or written, at any time since the commencement of the said recited acts, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of tire matters or things, for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper was chargeable by the said recited acts, or is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper hath been or shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there was not or shall not be some stamp or mark resembling the fame, or hath or have engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment or paper, that hath been or shall be stamped or marked for any lower duty, than the duty by the said recited acts or this all payable for what hath been or shall be so engrailed or written, then and in every such case there shall be duly answered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, over and above the duty aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds; ami no such record, deed, instrument, or writing shall be pleaded or given in evidence In any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty as the said sum of ten pounds shall be first paid to his Majesty's life, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand or hands of some of his Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing, hath been or shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or stamp;

3 8 The seventeenth. and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D. 3»d the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon pay-1777-8. ment or tender of the said duty and sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a Chap. 'J. teceipt for the fame, and to mark or (lamp the said vellum, parchment, or paper, 1with the mark or stamp that shall be proper for such deed, indrument, or writing respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if ar.y person or persons shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked'or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not be some (lamp or mark resembling the fame, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty, than the duty by this act payable for what shall be so engrossed cr written; such person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety 10 him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case arty clerk, officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office or employment is or shall be entitled or intruded to male, engross, or write any records, deeds, inflniments, or writings, by this act charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any fraud or practice to deceive his Majesty of any duty by this act payable by making, engrossing, or writing any such record, deed, indrument, or writing, or by cauf-ing the same to be made, engrossed, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon which there shall not be some (lamp or mark resembling the fame, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or stamped with any mark or (lamp, which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing or writing any such deed, indrument, or other writing, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be marked or damped for a lower duty as aforesaid, then every such clerk, officer, or person so guilty of any such fraud or practice, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place,- or employment respectively, and be disablcdto hold or enjoy the fame for the future j and if any attorney belonging to any court whatsoever shall wilfully be guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practice as an attorney.

XXVh And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, cither the whole or any part of any matter or thing, in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been before engrossed, written, or printed, any other matter or thing, in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been again marked or stamped according to this ncl, or shall fraudulently erase or forape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the name or names of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or other thing engrossed, written or printed in such indrument, writing, matter, or thing as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off any mark or damp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to nfe such damp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then so often, and in every such case, every person so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as often as his Majesty, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit to alter or renew

the

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 39

the said marks or stamps, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all persons, who A.D.

shall at that time have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or j jJ'jS,

paper, marked with the mark or (lamp which shall have been so altered or Chap. 3. renewed, upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall —/-'>—1

have been engrossed or written, at any time within the (pace of fluty days after fitch intention of renewing cr altering shall he published by proclamation as ‘

aforesaid, to bring or fend such vellum, parchment, or paper unto the said corn-

missioners to the head office in the city of Dublin, or to such other officers

appointed as aforesaid; and the said commissioners and officers respectively are hereby required to deliver, or canfc to be delivered, unto the several persons, who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or piper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, and as good in quality,

stamped with such new stamps or marks, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the fame any sum of money or other confulcr.itiou whatsoever, under the penalty of forfeiting for every offence one hundred pounds; to be facd for, recovered, and divided, in such manner as the other penalties in this act arc directed to lie filed for, recovered, and divided; and in case any person shall neglect or refuse within the time aforesaid to bring or cause to he brought and delivered unto the said commissioners and officers as aforesaid, any such velhim, parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to he of no other effect or use, than if it had never been stamped; and that all matters or things, which shall after that time be engrossed or written thereon, shall be of no other effect, than if they had been engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped at all; and all persons, who shall engross or write any of the matters or things hereby charged on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall forfeit and fuller, as herein before is enacted for persons writing or engrossing on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as often as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit to alter the said stamps, or any of them, the proclamation, which is hereby intended to be made for the giving all persons due notice thereof, shall within twenty days after the date thereof be sent to the mayor, chief magistrate, or other head officer of every city, corporation, borough, ami market town throughout the kingdom of Ireland; which officers respectively shall cause the same to be publiflted to the in habitants of such city, corporation, borough, or town, either on the next market day, or the next Sunday iii the church immediately after the time of divine fer. vice, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds; to be sued for by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, wherein no essoign, protection, wager of law, privilege, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; the one moiety of which forfeiture to be to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the other moiety to such person who Hull sue for the same.

XXIX. And for the better distribution of the said vellum, parchment, and paper, and that the subjects may have the fame with more convenience, and at an cafy rate, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall once in every year at lead set the prices of all forts of damped vellum, parchment, or paper, at which the same shall be fold; and that the said contmif-iioners for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall stamp the said price so set upon every Ikiti or piece of vellum or parchment, or (licet or piece of paper, so by them to be sold; and that the said Commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person, that shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper, to the said head office to lie stamped in pursuance of this act, the duties

K 2 whereof

40 The sevenleenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

whereof hereby imposed shall amount to the sum of ten pounds or upwards, after 1777-8. ^le rate of six pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for six months, upon Chap. 3. present payment of the said duty upon the said vellum, parchment, or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons, who shall buy of the said commissioners or their agents vellum, or parchment, or paper, at the head office for (tamping the fame, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of ten pounds or upwards, shall have the fame allowance for present payment.

XXX. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, which shall have been stamped or marked, and shall have paid the duties granted by virtue of the said recited act, shall and may be used for the purposes thereby intended, without any additional stamp, mark, or duty, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And for the better collecting and securing the duties hereby charged on pamphlets, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one printed copy of every such pamphlet, which from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall be printed or published within the city of Dublin, shall within the (pace of six days after the printing thereof be brought to the said head office for marking or stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and the title thereof, with the number of (hcets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall be rcgUlered in or entered in a book to be there kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlet; and that one printed copy of every such pamphlet, that Hull be printed or published in any place, not being within the city of Dublin, last before mentioned, Hull within the space of fourteen days after the printing thereof be brought to some head collector of the said stamp duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of (hcets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to such collector, who shall thereupon give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any such pamphlet shall be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged thereon shall not be duly paid, and the title and number of fliects thereof shall not be regidered, and a receipt for such duty given on one copy thereof, within the respective times herein before for these several purposes limited, then the printer and publisher, and all other persons concerned in or about the printing or publishing of such pamphlet, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no printer, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall publish any news paper, intelligence, or occurrences, or any paper serving the purpose of a news paper, intelligence, or occurrences, before he or they shall have entered into security for the payment of the duty on advertisements, which shall be printed therein or thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending herein shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever shall fell, or expose to sale, any such pamphlet, or any news paper, without the true respective name or names and place or places of abode of some known person or persons, by or for whom the fame was really and truly printed or published, written or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

4

The seventeetttb and eighteenth Years of George III. 41

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer /\t £),

appointed.for distributing stamped vellum, jiarchment, or paper in this kingdom, shall feJJ or deliver any-damped paper for printing any pubhek news, intelligence, Qi:,p. or occurrences to any person, unless ftuh person shall give security to the Add officer for the payment of the duties for the advertisements, which shall be printed therein or thereupon.

XXXVI. And in regard of the uncertainty how many copies of the said printed news papers may be fold, and to the intent the duties hereby granted thereupon may not be leflbned by printing a less number, than may be fold, cut of fear of lot's thereby in printing more such copies than may happen to be sold, it is hereby provided, and be it further-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commisfiouers for managing the said flump duties, or the major part of them, or the head officer appointed for the time being in that behalf, shall and may cancel or causeto he cancelled all-the (lamps upon the copies of any impression of such news paper, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or published; and upon oath or oaths (or if by a quaker upon solemn affirmation) made before said commis-Coners, or any one of them, or such head officer, to the satisfaction of such commissiotiers or head officer, that all such copies containing the stamps, so tendered to be cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whomthe fame were.prmted or published, and that none of the bid copies have been fraudulently returned or rebought, after the same shall have been sold or disposed of, or any profit or advantage made thereof, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any one of them, and the said head officers respectively, are hereby authorized to administer, and to examine upon oath or affirmation into all circuniltances relating to the felling or disposing of such, printed copies, shall and may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other (beets, half (hcets,or less pieces of paper, properly stamped with the fame Tespective.(lamps, upon.payment made for such paper*, but no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon.

XXX.V1L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and feveuty (even, it shall be lawful for all persons, who shall at any time have in their custody or possession any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper written or engrossed, which shall be inadvertently and undesignedly (polled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered <unfit for the purpose intended, before the fame is executed by any party or parties, and which in cither case shall not have been uled for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other consideration paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person, employed to transact the business intendedto have been carried into execution by such writing or engroff-ment, or to the writer or engroffer thereof, for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereon, to bring or fend such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, unto the said commissioners of the stamp duties at their head office in Dublin; and upon oath (or if by a quaker upon solemn affirmation) made to the satisfaction of >the said commissioners, (which oath or affirmation the said commissioners are, or any one of them is, hereby authorized to administer) that such stamped vellum, parchment, or.p^per, so written or engrossed upon, or spoiled, obliterated,

or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been executed by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, and that no money or other consideration hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, save and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to the said commissioners, or Vox. XI. L the

4® The seventeeitth and eighteenth Years George III.

A.D.

the receiver general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to eol-,j 777-8. 'left end receive the same) the said commissioners are hereby required to (lamp and 'Chap. 3. mart, or cause to be stamped and marked, for the several persons, who shall to V—bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several and respective duties, stamped, marked, or imp re fil'd, on the vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrolTcd upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly foe the fame any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever 5 and the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties for the time being are hereby impowered from time to time to make such rules and orders for regulating - the methods and limiting the times for such cancelling and allowance as aforesaid with respect to such news papers and other matters, as they shall upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances find necessary or convenient for the effectual securing the duties thereon, and doing justice to the persons concerned therein.

XXXVIIf. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners and other officers for managing the stamp duties shall and may deliver to any person, by or for whom any almanack or almanacks shall be printed, paper marked or stamped according to the true intent and meaning hereof for the printing such almanack or almanacks upon his or her giving fufRcient securitjr to pay tile amount of the duties hereby charged thereon within the space of three months after such delivery j and that the said commissioners and officers, upon bringing to them any number of the copies of such almanacks within the space of three months from the said delivery, and request to him or them in that behalf made, shall cancel all the damps upon such copies, and abate to such person so much of the money due upon such security, as such cancelled (lamps shall amount to.

XXXIX. Provided always, That where any almanack shall contain more than one (beet of paper, it shall be sufficient- to stamp only one of the (beets or pieces of paper, upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, in case any person or persons shall fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to falc any almanack or calendar, or any news paper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed, or construed to be, or.fenring the purpose of an almanack or a news paper within the intention and meaning of this act, not being stamped or marked as by this act- is directed, every such person shall for every such oflence forfeit the sum of forty shillings; to be recovered in a summary way before any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fames and upon due proof ami default of payment of tile said penalty to commit the offender to prison for any time not exceeding one month without bail or mairiprlze, which said penalty shall be to the sole use and benefit of the person or persons whp shall without fraud or coyin first sue for the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all and every person and persons, who shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, news paper, or other literary performance, shall within the space of forty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisements pay, or cause to be paid, the duty or duties thereon hereby charged to the respective persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective deputies or clerks, the duties for all such advertisements as shall be so printed or publhhed within the city of

Dublin,

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of- George III. 43

DuUHji, and to the nc^t adjacent head officer for the time being) appointed for A.

the collection of the said damp dirties, the said duties hereby charged for and upon I J-S.

all such gdvertisements as aforesaid, which shall be printed or published in any place Qjap. J-out oi the limits of the said city; and the commissioners and officers lad mentioned, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon

payment of t^e duties hereby charged on such adveitisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon; and in default of such payment within the time herein before for that pnrppfe limited, the printer or puWilher of every such advertisementihall be liable to pay treble the duties before by this act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full coils of (bit.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or potions whatsoever shall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge any type, mark, of (lamp, to resemble any type, mark, or (lamp, provided and used by -virtue of the said recited acts, or which shall be provided, made, or used in pttrfuance of this act, or Audi counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, or other' matter directed to be stamped, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the duties hereby granted, or shall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such mark or impression to be counterfeited, then every such person so offending, and being thereof couvidled in due form of law, shall be judged a felon, and shall fuller death as in cases of felony without the benefit of clergy.

Xl.Ilf. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to ami for Id? Majesty, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chiej goveynor or governors of tins kingdom for the time being, out of the duties tuifing by this act to cause such sum and sums of money to be expended and paid from time to time -for salaries and other incident charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the fame duties; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the officer and officers, who (h»U be concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arising by this act, shall keep separate and tliflinfl accounts thereof; and that the several person;, employed to collect and levy the said duties in the city or county of Qublin, shall pgy the fame in specie into his Majesty's treasury on the fitft Monday in every month, unless it be a holyday, and tl|en the nept day after which shall not be a holyday; and the several person;, employed to levy and collect t|ie said duties in other parts of this kingdom, shall pay the same in like manner to tii.e several collectors of the inland expire of the respectire dillrifts, in which the same shall be Teceive'd and colleGcd in y ythich laid coliedlors are hereby authqtjzed and required to receive, and give receipts for the fame, without fee or reward, and to keep diitinfit accounts thereof; and every stamp officer shall in six days after his making any payment into his Majesty's treasury, or to any of the said collectors, give notice of the amount of such payments to the commissioners of (lamps; and if the said officers, or any of them, shall neglefit r refuse to pay the same at the time or in manner aforesaid, or shall detain all or any part of the monies by them collected and received, then for such offence he or they shall be dismissed from his or their employment, and be rendered incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and be charged with interest for the monies so detained in their hands, after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for the receiver general of the said duties to retain in his hands such sum, not exceeding one month’s produce of the said duties, as he shall so receive, to answer the necessary demands of the said office.

L J

The'seventeenth md eighteenth fears c^ George III.

A.D.

XLVI. And be it further enacted'.by the authority aforesaid, That there shall ,1 y7y-8. be provided and kept in his Majesty's treasury one-bodtr, in which all monies, 'Chap. that shall be paid into the treasury by virtue of this act, shall be entered and registered apart and 'distinct from all other-monies paid or payible toriiis Majesty upon any account whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further drafted by the authority aforesaid, That none of the duties granted by tins aft shall be received or collected by, or paid to the said commissioners of (lamps; and that the several persons, Who shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying tlte several duties by this act granted, -shall and are hereby required once in every year during the continuance of this act to exhibit their respective accounts thereof to the commissioners for taking

imprelt accounts for the time being. Who shall an'd are hereby from time to time respectively authorized and required to examine upon oath the said persons accountants, who shall be employed in raising, receiving, or collecting the said duties, what sum or sums of money was cr were by them or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the receipt of his Majesty's treasury, or to the collectors of the inland excise as aforesaid, and in making the said accounts to and before the said commissioners they are to produce proper -vouchers for any sum or sums of money, so by them raised, received, and paid, and the said commissioners of impressed accounts are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle the said accounts, and to give discharges to the said several accountants.

XI.VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the accounts of the money received for the several duties shall have been so audited, the same shall be Ggned by said commissioners of accounts, and shall be at all

times to the said officers therein concerned a full and sufficient warrant and discharge to all intents and purposes.

XUX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties incurred by this act, unless otherwise directed by this act, may be recovered by any person, who shall sue for the same, byaction of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

1L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither the six pence^fr pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to or deducted Or received by: the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, Ot any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for their own use, or for or on account of the iffiiing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be re-

eeived for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall bereceived and duly accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

I

CHAP

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

CHAP. IV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the five-ral Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ire- £«»M at land in Parliament assembled, as a further supply to your Majesty to Dcc' I’7', support the expences of your Majesty's government, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the -fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, the several rates and additional duties herein after mentioned, that is to say, an additional duty of one dulling per hundred weight upon all flour, meal, bread, and biscuit, except of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain, imported into this kingdom; an additional duty of two (hidings per barrel upon all wheat, except of the produce of Great Britain, imported into this kingdom, uu-less the middle price of wheat at the port, where the same shall be imported, shall exceed the price of twenty three shillings English per barrel at the time of such importation; the said price to be ascertained as directed by an act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty ninth year of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for the further encouragement f tillage.

JI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective additional duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collcfled, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, at the same time, in the like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and expressitd for the railing, colicfling, and paying the duties therein mentioned, in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the 'second, entitled, An abb fir the settling of the excifi or new impofi upon his Majesjt his heirs and successors, according to the booh of rates therein insertcdt or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as folly and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted again in the body of this present act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved as in and by tire said act, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise, is provided.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither the lit pence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to nor be dedufled or re* ccived by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver, or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of, tile aids hereby granted to his Majesty, or any payment to be made in pursuance of this act.

45 A.D. 1777.8.

Vol. XL

M

CHAP.

46

A.D.

Expired I ft.

May, 1778-

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years o/’ George III.

CHAP. V.

An Act for allowing further Time to Persons hi Offices or Employments to qualify themselves pursuant to an Act, entitled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery.

WHEREAS several. persons, well affected to his Majesty's government, and the church of Ireland, as by law established, may have through ignorance neglected,or been prevented by sickness,or other unavoidable causes, from taking and subscribing die oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to the directions of an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of her late. Majesty Queen Anne, entitled. An act to prevent the further growth of popery, and may thereby have incurred great penalties: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons, who have incurred any penalties and incapacities in the said act, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery} mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, and penalties, incurred by reason of such oniiflion or neglect as aforesaid; and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reafou of such neglect or omission; but all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be, as good and effectual, ns if all and every such person and persons had taken and subscribed the said oaths, and received the said sacrament, and delivered a certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and subscribed the said declaration, at such time, place, and manner as is therein mentioned; any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That such person or persons do and shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and receive the said sacrament, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said declaration, in such manner and form, and in such place and places, as are directed and appointed by the said act to prevent the further growth of popery, on or before the first day of May, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

III. And whereas several of his Majesty's subjects are often preferred in the army, while they are residing in Great Britain, whereupon they are by the laws in force in that kingdom obliged to qualify themselves in some part of Great Britain by receiving the sacrament, taking the oaths, and subscribing the declaration thereby required, within the time mentioned in such laws: and whereas the regiment or regiments, iu winch such officer or officers have commissions so granted to them, are often ordered into this kingdom, and put upon this establishment, by which a doubt li3S arisen, whether such officer or officers, notwithstanding his or their having qualified themselves in Great Britain for such commission according to the said laws, are not by the laws in force in this kingdom obliged to qualify themselves after their arrival here for such commissions according to an act of Parliament, passed in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer or officers so preferred in Great Britain, who shall have qualified him or themselves for such commission or commissions according to and within the time limited by the said laws made in Great Britain, shall be obliged to qualify him or themselves in this kingdom for such commission

or

*The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 47

or commissions so granted to him or them in such regiment or regiments after their arrival in this kingdom, and being put upon this establishment; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That.this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to restore or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment already actually avoided by judgment of any in his Majesty's courts of xecord, or already filled up by any other person; but that fitch office or employment shall be and remain in the person or persons, who is and who are now entitled by Jaw to the fame, as if'this act had never been made.

CHAP. VI.

An Act for Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and for the Encouragement of English Protestant Schools.

WHEREAS the continuing’the encouragement formerly given to Englishi

protestant schools will be of great benefit to this kingdom, and it is Tea- Marcil» x78q* sonable, that some publick fund should be applied and fee apart for that purposer be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be answered and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdlors, by every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person or persons going from town to town, or to other mens houses, fairs, marts, or markets, and travelling either on foot or with horse, horses, or otherwise, in this kingdom (except as herein after mentioned) and carrying to fell or exposing to falc, any goods, wares, or merchandizes (except as herein after mentioned) a duty of twenty shillings by the year j and that every person so travelling with any horse or horses, afs or nfles, mule or mules, or any other beast or beasts bearing or drawing burthen, shall pay the sum of twenty flutlings by the year, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, for each horse, afs, or mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, he or (lie shall so travel with, over and above the said first mentioned duty of twenty findings by the year; which said rates and duties shall be collected by such person and persons, and in such manner, and by such ways and means, as the duty payable for licences to keep ale houses is raised and collected by virtue of an act made in this kingdom in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for bitter regulating the eollefthn of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and fir repealing an act made in the tuft fiffms of Parliament, entitled, An act for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made relating to his Majestys revenue, and fir the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majestys atf.oms and excise, and the federal acts and statutes which are mentioned in the said act, and continued thereby, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the provisions in the said act for that purpose were particularly mentioned and expressed, and enacted again in the body of this present act.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every pedlar, hawker, petty chapman, and other trading person or persons, so travelling as aforesaid, shall before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and so Ukcwife in every year, deliver or cause to be delivered to the collector of the excise of the district, where he or (lie shall reside or dwell, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person by her or him authorized in that behalf, how* and in what manner he or flic intends to travel and M 2 trade,

Expired 25

48 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

trade, whether on Foot, or with one or more horse or horses, afs or asses, mute

I-77.3, or mtiles, or other beast or beasts beating or drawing burthen; and there-

Chap. 6. upon a ^icence or licences shall be granted by such collectorunto him or her for his or her so travelling and trading, for which he or she shall thereupon pay or cause to be paid for each licence unto such collector die yearly duty 'herein before directed to be payable for the same.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That-if any such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, or other person, from and after the fai'd twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight be found tradingas aforesaid, without or contrary to, or not warranted by such licence or licences, such person shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the incorporated society in Dublin for promoting English protestant schools in Ireland-; and that if any person so trading, upon demand made by any revenue officer or officers, or by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace of any county, city, town corporate, or borough, where he or she shall To trade, shall refuse to produce and shew immediately unto such person or persons as aforesaid,.^demanding the fame, his or her licence or licences for so trading, to be granted as aforesaid, that then the person Co refusing shall forfeit twenty shillings, to be paid to the informer, and for nonpayment thereof shall suffer as a common vagrant, ami be committed to the house of corre£lion.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collectors of the several districts in this kingdom respect lively, and they are hereby respectively directed, appointed, and required, upon the terms aforesaid, and upon the receipt as aforesaid, to grant one or more licence or licences under their' respective hands to every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person, for him orherfelf, with one or more horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, beast or beasts, which he or they’(hall travel with, as the case shall require, according to the terms and directions of this act; and the said collectors are hereby required to insert in such licences, as they '(hall so issue or grant, the ages, places of abode, and a particular description of the persons, to whom licences shall be granted pursuant to this act, and to number each licence, and keep particular entries of such defctiptious and licences *, for each of which licences there shall be taken by such collectors for their own use one shilling, and no more, except such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, shall travel with horse, afs, or mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, and in that case there shall be paid to such collectors for their own use for each of such licences for horses, asses, mules, or beasts of burthen, two shillings, and no more, over and above the duties aforesaid; ami that the said collectors shall keep separate and distintt accounts of the duties hereby granted, and pay the money arising thereby into his Majesty's treasury, as other money received by them for the use of his Majesty.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said collectors shall be accountable to his Majesty for the duties hereby granted, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures for not rendering a true account thereof, and paying the fame in manner before mentioned, as they are and ftaud liable unto for not rendering a true account of any money received by them for the use of his Majesty.

VI. And be it emtfled by the authority aforesaid, That the monies arising from the said duties hereby granted, shall from time to time be brought into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, ami shall from time to time without any fee or deduction whatsoever, be paid by the vice treasurer or receiver general of this kingdom to the incorporated society in Dublin for promoting English protestant schools in Ireland, or to their treasurer for the time being, for the use of tlicbud incorporated society.

3

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 49

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per- A- D. ions whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, j 777-8. any licence for the purposes aforesaid, or travel with such forged or counterfeited Qjap. licence, knowing the fame Co be forged or counterfeited, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, and the other moiety to him who shall profeente or sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at the four courts in Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and that such person shall be subject to such other pains and penalties, as maybe infiifted on persons for forgery.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be filed, or molelted, or troubled for putting in execution any of the powers contained in this act, or for doing any matter or thing pursuant thereto, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be uon.suited, or judgment be given against him or them upon demurrer or otherwise, or a verdict pats for the defendant or defendants, or a dismiss upon a civil bill, such defendant or defendants shall hare his, her, or tkeir treble costs, to be recovered in such manner as by law colls given to defendants may be recovered in other cases.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any constable shall rc-fufc or neglect upon due notice, or upon his own view, to be aiding and addling in the execution of this act, being thereunto required, every such constable, being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any justice of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for each and every such offence contrary to this act, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice of the peaces one moiety thereof to be paid to the said Incorporated Society, the other moiety to the informer who shall prosecute for the fame, rendering the overplus thereof, if any there be, to the owner of the goods so distrained.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person or persons in this act mentioned, anit also the goods they shall be found trading with, until such time as lie, Ihe, or they shall produce a licence in that behalf. If he, flic, or they have anys and if he, she or they shall be found trading without licence contrary to this act, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons so seizing ns aforesaid, taking to Ilia, her, or their nlfiltance such person or persons as lie or they shall think fit, to carry the person so seized) as also the said goods, before feme one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place, or before the collector of his Majesty's revenue for the district where such oflence or offences ilia! be committed; which laid justices of the peace and the collectors respectively are hereby strictly required, cither upon the confession of the party offending, or due proof of a witness upon oath, which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer, that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, unless such licence shall be produced by fitch offender before the said justice or collector, by warrant under his hand and seal to cause the sum of five pounds to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of flic offender or offenders goods, wares, or merchandizes, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deduding the reasonable charges for taking the said distress, and out of the said sale to pay tbs penalty and forfeiture aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any person from felling any act of Parliament, form of prayer, proclamation, gazette, almanack, or other printed paper, or any fish, fruit, or viduats, nor to hinder any person or potions

Vol. XI. N who

J

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

who are the real workers or makers of any goods or wares within this kingdom, or his or their wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, from carrying abroad, expufing to sale, and felling any of the said goods or wares of his, her, or their making in any publick fairs, markets, or elsewhere } nor any tinker, cooper, glazier, plumber, harness-mender, or other persons, usually trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or haruefs whatsoever, from going about such business only, or from carrying with him or them proper materials for mending the fame, and no other thing for sale.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any tiling herein contained, shall not extend to subject any person or persons, who shall carry raw and unmanufactured wool, or frizes, or worded or woollen (lockings from one part of the kingdom to another, or expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned; so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale any other wares, goods, or merchandizes, except the said raw and unmanufactured wool, ami the said frizes, and worded and woollen dock* ings.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit or redrain any person or persons from felling or exposing to sale, in any place or places whatsoever any flax, tow, hemp, flaxen yarn, hempen yarn, ticket), plain, driped, chequered, paint* cH, or datned linens, buckrams, or canvas, so as such person or persons shall not at :he fame time carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except such (lax, tow, hemp, flaxen yarn, hempen yarn, tickens, plain, driped, chequered, painted, or dained linens, buckrams, or canvas as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to subject any person or persons, who shall carry any pots or griddles made of cad iron or metal from one part of the kingdom to another, or expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to the payment of any greater duty than the sum of twenty shillings by the year in the whole, although such person or persons shall or may trade or travel with one or more horse or horses, or other bead or beasts drawing or bearing burthen; so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry, or expose io sale, any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except the said pots and griddles made of cad iron or metal.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them for the time being, to order and direct to be paid out of the monies raised by this act to the said collectors, their clerks, or any other person, such sums of money as they or any of them shall or may reasonably deserve for their service, or shall or may have expended in the execution of or in relation to this act.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be condrued to give any power for licensing any hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, to sell or expose to sale any wares, or merchandizes in any city, borough, town corporate, or market town within this realm, any otherwise than he or (lie might have done before the making of this act any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas it frequently happens that dealers, hawkers, and pedlars, in order fraudulently to evade the payment of his Majesty's duty on licences do not openly travel from town to town, or to other men’s houses, but privately convey and carry their goods, wares, and merchandizes, and sell or expose to sale the fame in (hops, rooms, or waiclioufes, or other places hired for that purpose in cities, towns, and places, where they are not usually reftdent\ and divers other persons privately carry and convey their goods, wares, and merchandizes to publick drccts and

6 m places

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Yean of George III. 51

places in cities, towns corporate, and other places in this kingdom, where D.

of leather cutters or leather fellers hawk about from town to town and expose to sale in cities and towns corporate, and in fairs, marts, markets, and in other places, large and small parcels of leather in booths. Halls, Handings, or otherwise; and also divers persons under the denomination of cryers of old cait cloaths do also hawk about the Hreets of cities and towns corporate, and other places in this king-; dom, old calt cloaths, and also expose to sale several of such kinds of goods on Hands, or Halls, or otherwise without licence: and whereas a doubt hath arisen, whether such persons aforesaid are to be deemed hawkers, pedlars, or petty chap-men, or trading persons within the meaning and intention of former acts of Parliament made in this kingdom for licensing hawkers and pedlars, and for the encouragement of English proteHant schools, and subject to the penalties and forfeitures thereof: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all and every the persons aforesaid shall pay such duty as aforesaid, and take out such licences in manner as aforesaid 5 and in case any person or persons whatsoever (halt be found trading or felling, or expofng to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever (except as herein is excepted) in any (hop or (hops, room or rooms, warehouse or warehouses, or other place or places in any city, borough, town corporate, market town, village, or other places within this kingdom, wherein lie, (he, or they have not been resident one calendar month previous to the felling or expoiing to sale any goods, wares, or merchandizes (except as before excepted) and sell or expose to sale such goods, wares, or merchandizes therein, or in any of them, without licence as aforesaid, such persons respectively, and also all such person or persons as shall be found trading or felling, or expoling to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever (except as aforesaid) upon booths, Halls, Handings, or otherwise, in any publick Hreet or Hreets, place or places, in any city, borough, town corporate, market town, village, or other place within this kingdom, such booths or other places of sale not being adjacent or adjoining his,her, or their dwelling house or houses, (hop or fliops,warehouse or warehouses, or other apartments, and also all persons under the denomination of leather cutters or leather fellers, who (halt hawk about from town to town, and sell or expose to sale in cities and towns corporate, or in fairs, marts, or markets, or other places, large or small parcels of leather in or upon booths, flails, Handings, or otherwise; and also all persons under the denomination of cryers of old cast cloaths, who shall hawk about the Hreets, lanes, or alleys of cities and towns corporate, and other places in this kingdom, to purchase or fell old call cloaths of any kind whatsoever, or shall sell or expose to sale any such goods on Hands, Halls, or otherwise, without licence as aforesaid, all and every such perfor, or persons shall be deemed and taken to be a hawker or hawkers, pedlar or pedlars, petty chapman or petty chapmen, within the meaning of this act to alt intents and purposes, and (halt be subject and liable to all and every the penalties am! forfeitures by the fame inllifted upon hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others trading without licence; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas it hath been found, that several hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen have respectively employed one or more other person or persons, servant or servants, with him, her, or them, to carry about boxes, bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, and merchandizes on their backs, arms or otherwise, separate and distinct from (hat or those carried about by him, her, or themselves, and have fold and exposed to sale in booths, Hands and flails, or otherwise, as well the said goods, wares, and merchandizes so carried by such other person or persons.

5 2 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

persons, servant or servants, as those earned by him, her or themselves, under

! 777.8, the fancHan of one foot licence taken out by such person or persons To being or appearing to be the principal owner or proprietor thereof, without separate or distinct licence or licences for such other person or persons, servant or servants; and it hath been also found, that by means and under the [auction of one licence many persons principal and separate dealers, who have no connection with such person or persons, having one licence only as aforesaid, also fraudulently pass under the denomination of his, her, or their servant or servants, and trade without licence, to the great injury of the fair trader and dealer with licence, and the great diminution of the said tax on hawkers and pedlars: and whereas it is reasonable, that a horse licence shall be paid for, and taken for, every horse, mule, afs, or bead of burthen that shall be made use of or driven by every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fevetv hundred and eighty, every hawker, pediar, and petty chapman, for every person that ilrall be cm. ployed, or cany, whether servant or other person in his or her company, or otherwise, any boxes or bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, or merchandizes on their backs, arms, or otherwise, separate or distinct, for the purpose of felling and trading with the fame, shall take out and pay for as aforesaid a separate and distinct foot licence for every such person; and also that every hawker, pedlar and petty chapman, for every horse, afs, mule, or head of burthen that he or she shall make use of or drive, whether in his or her own company or otherwise, shall take out and pay for a separate and distinct horse licence; and such separate and distinct person, whether servant or other person employed or carrying such boxes, bundles, or parcels as aforesaid, and such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, that shall not take out a horse licence for every horse or beast of burthen, he or flic shall make use of or drive as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted upon hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others trading without licence; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that for one foot licence no more goods, wares, or merchandizes shall by virtue of this act be hawked about for fate as aforesaid, than one person can well and rca-fonably bear or carry or travel with, and for one horse licence no more goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall by virtue of this act be carried about as aforesaid, than one horse, afs, mule, or other bead of burthen, can well or reasonably bear, or carry or travel with; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. VII.

An Act to continue an Act, entitled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, entitled, An Act for continuing the Encouragement given by former Acts of Parliament to the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty, entitled, An nf? Jbr continuing the encouragement given by former acts of Par-f j G" j*c’ I2‘ Hantent to the jtuxen and hempen manufactures, it was enacted, That whoever should import or cause to be imported into this kingdom any good and found hemp feed or flax seed from any port in Russia, Sweden, Denmark, Poland, Prussia, Germany, or any port on the Baltic Sea, or within the Sound, or from Hamburgh, or Altena, or any of the English plantations in America, within the space

"‘The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 53

of twenty one years from the end of the then session of Parliament, and from thence to the end of the then next -succeeding session of Parliament, should receive for every hogflicad of such hemp-feed or flax-feed as a premium the sum of five lhil-lings llerling, to be paid by such officer or officers, and in such manner as drawbacks are usually paid: and whereas by an atl made and passed in the last session of Parliament of this kingdom, entitled, An-all to amend an act paflftd in the third year of kis present Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing the encouragement given by for-mer acts of Parliament to the flaxen and hempen manttfaBurest it was among other things enacted, that a bounty of five shillings should be paid for every hogffield of all good and found hemp-feed or flax-feed of the growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, and imported from thence into this kingdom, to the person or persons -who should -so import or cause the same to be so imported into this kingdom> and that such bounty should continue to be paid from the first day of January next, until the first day of May in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, subject however to the fever.il clauses, regulations, and re-ftrizlions contained in the said act concerning the bounties tlictcin given and provided: and -whereas it is-at'this time found necessary and expedient further to continue the said bounty for a limited time: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and confciit of the lords fpimua) and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that a bounty of five fhfilings shall be paid for every hoglhcad of good and found hemp-feed or flax-feed of the growth of the United Provinces or-of the Austrian Netherlands, and imported from thence into this kingdom, to the person or persons who shall so import or cause the lame to be so imported into this kingdom j and that such bounty shall continue-to be paid from the first day of May next until the first day of May in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty; subject however to the several clauses, regulations, and restrictions contained in the said act concerning the bounties therein given and provided.

A.D. 1777.8*

Is & lb <7. j.

b

£ H A P. VII-I.

An Act for the Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue, and the more eject nnlly preventing of Frauds therein; and for continuing and amending fever id Laws heretofore made and now in Force relative thereto.

WrHEREAS the several laws heretofore made for the iin- Revenue provement of your Majesty's revenue, and the prevention tllal, of frauds therein, have on account of many clandetlinc and fraudulent practices to elude the fame proved ineffectual to an-l\-.-cr the several purposes thereby intended-: and whereas great frauds h, frauds are and have been practised by common brewers in this kingdom by mixing small beer and ale or strong beer together, and by making use of bad and improper materials or ingredients in brewing, whereby the brewery of this kingdom hath been for many years considerably diminished, and the health of your Majesty's subjects endangered: for remedy whereof be it enacted bc""0*r®"/ by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice t>«*r fc»n

° - , fell or blew

to declare in wtiting to rolkclur or gauger which intended for 3 months.

entered forthwith, brewing contrary to or before de

4 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in .1777-8. this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Chap. 8. fame, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight no common or retailing brewer of strong beer or ale shall brew or fell any small beer; and that no common or retailing brewer of small beer shall brew or fell any strong beer or ale} and that every common or retailing brewer shall declare and signify in writing to the collector of the district, and also to the gauger of the Walt in which he carries on his trade of brewing, whether he intends from that time to the end of three calendar months next en-suing the date of such declaration to be a brewer of ale and strong beer, or to be a brewer of small beer j which declaration shall be forthwith entered by such collector and gauger in their claratiim, 50l. books respectively; and if after such declaration any common strong 18s. retailing brewer, so declaring him or herself to be a brewer of strong beer or ale, shall brew any small beer, or beer or ale Ions, without of a lower price than eighteen shillings and four pence by the nSccfl0'V barrel, containing thirty two gallons, such price to be clear of all deductions, and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the score, or otherwise, or if any common or retailing brewer, so declaring him or herself to be a brewer of small beer, shall brew any ale or strong beer, that is to say, any ale or beer of an higher price than six shillings the barrel, containing thirty two gallons, he, she, or they so respectively offending Aral! forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds: and if any common or retailing brewer shall after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight make any brewing, before he, she, or they shall have made such declaration as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending, thall rel'pectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it draft and may be lawful to and for the gauger or other officer of excise to charge such common brewer, who shall declare

small 6s. per barrel.

Declared brewer of strong, ebarg* cd with such

dutyfwwuiis Aimfelf or herself to be a brewer of strong beer or ale, for all

or suite

tumid, worts or guile, that shall be found in the posseflion of such common brewer, with the duty chargeable upon strong beer or ale.

f III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-lit.m-rs by or- said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief corn-.itringazette, myjjoners of jjg Majesty's revenue of excise, or any three or

more

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 55

more of them, from time to time by order signed by them, and A.D. published in the Dublin Gazette, to authorize and impower for 777*8* such time, as to them shall seem expedient, all and every the brewer and brewers in any particlar part or parts of this king- may impower dom, except the cities of Dublin and Cork, to brew as well small d!2o" beer as ale or strong beer: any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And for the more effectual preventing common brewers Koftron-from making or felling strong beer or ale of a lower price than JK'rJj1t!‘loj eighteen shillings and four pence for every barrel containing iSs.&4d.per thirty two gallons as aforesaid, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September allowMCC’ one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, if any common

brewer of strong beer or ale shall fell, or if any retailer of strong beer or ale shall buy, any strong beer or ale for a lower price than eighteen shillings and four pence by the barrel, containing thirty two gallons, such price to be clear of all deductions, and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the score, or otherwise, such common brewer and retailer shall respectively forfeit the fuin of twenty pounds for every barrel of strong beer penaltyzci.

or ale, which shall be so bought and sold.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by thd authority Evidence of aforesaid, That if either the buyer or feller of such ftrotig beer or I'mer or feller

J 0 informing tfa-

ale for lower price than eighteen shillings and four peuee by the mined, and barrel as aforesaid shall inform against the other party, concerned pSS"1 in so buying or selling such strong beer or ale, the party so informing shall be admitted to give evidence against the party so informed against, and shall in case of a convictioli Upon such information be discharged from the penalties so by him Or her incurred.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tf fold on if any brewer of strong beer or ale shall from and after the *11 at "!ulcr

1 0 price, money

twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and »« rccovci-

seventy eight, fell upon trust or credit at any time or times any

beer or ale at a lower price than eighteen shillings and four

pence by the barrel of thirty two gallons, such price to be clear

of all deductions, and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the score or otherwise, such brewer or brewers shall not be entitled or have any remedy to recover any sum or sums

on account of such beer or ale so sold as aforesaidj and all pro- ({nil;til,!

miftbry notes, bonds, or other writings, given as a security for given void.

the payment of such debts so contrafted, are hereby declared void

and of none effect.

J 6 The seventeenth and eighteenth Teat's of George III.

A.D. 1777.8. Chap. 8.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight no person Hull fell or cause to

Strong rc- be sold by retail any -strong beer or ale at a lower price than at

per'quart2j<! the Tate -of two pence halfpenny by the quart, nor any final!

smallat id ])eer at un higher price than at the rate of one penny by the

quart, upon pain of forfeiting, for every time he or she shall so

penalty 5l. offend, the sum of five pounds; to be recovered upon due proof

before a juf- upon oath thereof made of the offence before any justice of the

tice where 1 # J J

resident, peace of the county or city, where such offender shall reside j

by distrtf., an(j justiGe is hereby authorized and required upon conviction of such offender to grant a warrant to distrain for the fame,

to the poor one half to be paid to the poor of the parish where such fine shall and informer. [,e aild the other half to the informer.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, no common or retailing brewer, or other retailer of beer or ale, shall make use of any madder, moloffcs, sugar, honey, or composition or extract of sugar, or make use of any broom, -wormwood, gentian root, or any drug or herb, or of any ingredient whatsoever in the brewing, making, or working of any beer or ale, other -than water, malt, hops,

forfeited and barm; and that all beer or ale brewed or mixed with any ingredients other than water, malt, hops, and barm, shall be forfeited; and that every such common or retailing brewer, or other retailer -of beer-or ale offending therein shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds.

IX. Provided that no penalty or forfeiture herein mentioned p*mC for extend or be construed to extend to the infusing of broom, broom or wormwood, ground-ivy, or other ingredient, into beer or ale by beer, or por- the retailer, after the fame is brewed and tunned, for the pur-tcr' pole of making purl or jill, or broom or wormwood beer; or to

the using any ingredient or ingredients necessary for the making of porter in making or brewing the same.

X. And whereas by an act of Parliament passed in the eleventh

3- atu' years of the reign of his present Majesty King George the third, entitled, An act for the further improvement of his Majests revenue, and the more effectual preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending fever at laws heretofore made and now in force relative to his Majestys said revenue, it is amongst other things enacted, That from and after the fourteenth day of August one thousand seven hundred and l’eventy two every common brewer or other person, brewing or making any beer or ale , 3 for

No ingredient in beer or ale* save water, malt, Impt, and barm,

or and id.

The Seventeenth and eighteenth years George III.

for sale, Aral!, when and as as often as he, she, or they shall deliver or cause to be delivered any beer or ale to any retailer, or other person or persons felling beer or ale, fend and deliver therewith to such retailer, or other person felling beer or ale as aforesaid, a certificate signed by such common brewer, or other person brewing or making any beer or ale for file, his or their clerk or head servant, specifying the real quantity thereof, and whether such beer and ale were above six shillings the barrel price, or of fix drillings or under when brewed, and to whom, and when particularly delivered, which certificate, so signed as aforesaid, shall be accepted and taken by the person or persons, to \vhom such beer or ale shall be sent or delivered as aforesaid, and by him or them shall be given to the gauger of the walk, in which such retailer or other person or persons so felling beer or ale as aforesaid shall reside, on the next visit such gauger shall make: and whereas certain common brewers and other persons, brewing or making beer or ale for sale, in order to evade the intention of the said aft do on the delivery of their beer and ale deliver to the retailer, or other person felling the fame, a distinct and separate certificate for every cask so delivered, whereby such retailer, or other person felling, brewing, or making the said beer and ale, is enabled to deliver to the gauger of the walk certificates for so many calks only of the beer or ale so delivered to him, as shall remain unfold in his possession, at the time such gauger shall visit such retailer, or other person felling such beer and ale; which practice renders it difficult to take an account of the quantity delivered by the common brewer, or other person brewing or making beer or ale for sale, to such retailers or other person felling beer or ale, and tends to defeat the intention of the said act: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight every common brewer or other person brewing or making beer or ale for sale shall, when and so often as he, (lie, or they shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any beer or ale to any retailer or other person felling beer or ale, fend and deliver therewith to such retailer, or other person felling beer or ale as aforesaid, one certificate only, signed by such common brewer or other person brewing or making beer or ale for file, his, her, or their clerk or head servant; in which certificate shall be specified the whole quantity of beer or ale so delivered, distinguishing therein whether such beer or ale was above six shillings the barrel price, or of six shillings or under, at what time brewed, and when and to whom font.

Vol. XI. P XI. And

57 A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 8*

v-<Y"VJ

_ to evade said act separate certificates for every cask delivered to re-taller, who may deliver to gauger certificates for so many only as remain unfold)

one certificate only shalt be delivered of the whole, the price, time, and to whom.

58 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 1777-8. if from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand Chap. 8. seven hundred and seventy eight any such common brewer, or Secondcertl- other person brewing or making any beer or ale for sale, (lnll ficate for fuo deliver to such retailer or other person felling beer or ale more delivered than one quantity or parcel of beer'or ale in one and the fame uuikrTt° day, every such common brewer or other person brewing or making beer or ale for sale shall upon the delivery of each succeeding quantity or parcel deliver therewith to such retailer, -m-other person felling beer or ale, one other certificate signeil '7 such common brewer or other person brewing or making any beer or ale for sale, his, her, or their clerk, or head'servant, in with the which shall he expressed the quantity then delivered, and also the

quantity, * , J s r

pri«, time, quantity theretofore delivered in the lame day, to luen retailer ami to whom, or other person felling beer or ale, specifying the quantities and parcels in which the fame was delivered, and whether such beer or ale so delivered in the same day was above six shillings per barrel price, or of (lx shillings or under, at what time brewed, and when and to whom tent; and on delivery of every fecoml or other certificate every (itch common brewer, or other person brewing or nuking any beer or ale for fine, shall receive (tom the former such retailer, or other person felling beer or ale, the former nn"dciiwredf f'beate or certificates delivered to him on the fame day, in calc tU f Tir f;lmc nQt have been delivered to the gauger of the walk,

out day only pursuant to the directions herein after contained; and the I.11I brought in certificate delivered in any one dav, and no other, shall lie

account 1’ ’

againA u brought in account against the (lock of such brewer or other per-stock!r son felling beer or ale as aforesaid.

Certificate be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

accepted, and that from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one gaugermxt thousand seven hundred and seventy eight every certificate, ib «|i>. signed as aforesaid, shall be accepted and taken by the person or persons, to whom such beer or ale shall he sent or delivered as aforesaid, and (Itall be by him or them delivered to the gauge.' of the walk in which such retailer or other person or persons io felling beer or ale as aforesaid shall reside, on the next visit such save given gauger shall make; (live only such certificate as shall have been MiSfirate*'"' Previ°ufiy given up to such common brewer, or other person brewing or making beer or ale for sale, on his or her delivery of a ganger to further certificate as herein before directed; and such gauger is cutarsmitock hereby required to enter in his book, called the (lock book, the look, quantity, quality, and time of delivery of (itch beer or ale exploded in such certificate, together with the names of such brewer and retailer as aforesaid, and to sign his name on the back oi z every

The seventeenlb awl a^hlanih yean of George III.

every Inch certificate, and file tile fame in the excise office of tile district, to which he belongs; and in case any common brewer or other person bre.ving or making any beer or ale for laic as aforesaid shall not deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such retailer or other person or persons felling beer or ale as afoivliiid, on the delivery of any beer or ale as aforesaid, such certificate or certificates as herein before mentioned and directed; fitch common brewer or other person brewing or making beer or ale for hile as aforesaid, thall forfeit for every fitch , olfence the sum of forty shillings; and in case any gauger or other officer of excise shall find in the palfession of any retailer, or other person felling beer or ale any heer or ale, for which such retailer or other person so felling the same shall not on demand produce such certificate or certificates as aforesaid, every such retailer or other person felling beer or ale shall in every such case: be chargeable with the duty payable to his Majesty on beer and' ’ale for ’ the quantity of-beer or ale so found, and for which, such certificate or certificates lb demanded shall not be produced, and shall all'o forfeit the sum of forty shillings, for every 'barrel thereof found in his or -her pull'sUion, for which such certificate or certificates so demanded shall not be produced as aforesaid, unless such certificate or certificates shall have been previously given up, pursuant to the directions of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight every common brewer, or other person brewing or making beer or ale for sale, shall, when and a- often.as lie, (he, or they shall fell any beer or ale to,be earned into the district of any excise office, other than where the fame was brewed, fend a permit; together with such certificate as aforesaid, signed by the gauger of the walk ill which such beer or ale was brewed; and if any common brewer, or other person brewing or making beer or ale for sale shall neglect so to do, lie, lbe, or they shall forfeit for every barrel of beer or ale, so' found in any other district without such permit, the sum of forty shillings j and the person, in whose poUeflion the same shall be found without such permit, shall pay-the excise thereof, and shall forfeit forty shillings for eVeiy 'barrel of beer or -ale so found.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that tiom and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand ll-ven hundred and seventy eight in all cases, where it shall appear by the certificate or certificates signed by any -common or

retailing

rrfiiicr clutecd with duty for liter found, for which no certificate, ami 41-j f>tr barrel, unlcfj ittvcn up as aforesaid.

Permit Cent with certificate, when into another dillricl, or 40s. ftr bar* tel on brewer.

and poflel-for without permit to pay the excise and 401. per bane).

Duty charged for quantity delivered above decrease appearing in brcwci’t

60 the seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

retailing brewer or other person brewing or making beer or r.'e 1777-8. for sale, his or her clerk or head servant, that he, she, or they Chap. 8. shall have delivered out more beer or ale, than a decrease shall ltocC^ app631* for in foe stock of such brewer, he, (lie, or they shall by 40s.ytr bar- {he gauger or gaugers, or other officer of excise, be charged with and pay all the duties, to which Inch quantity so delivered out more than the decrease shall appear for in the (lock of such brewer is by law liable, as if such encreased quantity had been originally gauged; and over and above the said duties shall forfeit the lum of forty shillings for every barrel of beer or ale, ‘ which shall be found to be so delivered out, and for which there shall not be such a decrease in his, her, or their (lock as aforesaid. Forging

XV. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

coreffcek*0- any person or persons shall at any time from and after the

th^'n'or twent7 fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred

uttering as and seventy eight falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, cr cauie

norabovc^ol. or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited,'or. or mprisoned willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, or counter-fimontks. feitingany such certificate for the delivery of beer or ale as afure-said, with intention fraudulently to cover their (lock of beer or ale, or shall utter and publish as true any falsely made or counterfeited certificate for the purpose aforesaid with intention to defraud as aforesaid, knowing the same to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, such person or persons, being thereof lawfully convicted according to the due course of law, shall be fined or imprisoned at the discretion of the judge, before whom such person shall be tried, provided that such fine shall not exceed the sum of fifty pounds, and that such imprisonment shall not exceed the temi of fix-months.

New wort

XVI. And whereas common and retailing brewers frequently, gauein"1'" when they have a brewing of wort or guile depending, run such e'ease^nd wort or Su'^e 'n the night between the evening and morning vi-charged, fit of the gauger of other officer, and replace the fame with the wort

or guile of a distinct brewing privately made, and impole such wort or guile so privately made on the gauger or officer as and for the wort or guile of the brewing, which had been gauged and taken an account of the evening before: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, whenever any new wort or guile shall be found or discovered in the possession of any brewer, of which such brewer, or his or her servant, shall not have made a previous declaration, such new wort or guile, after the same shall be gauged, shall be deemed as an increasemadeto the 2 former

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

former brewing of wort or guile so gauged by the gauger or officer at his last visit, and shall be charged accordingly; and every common or retailing brewer so offending shall, for every barrel so encreased over and above the quantity contained in the said former brewing, forfeit the film of five pounds; and the servant or servants of such brewer who was or were any way knowingly concerned or assisting in making such new brewing or increase of wort or guile, shall forfeit for every barrel, so newly brewed or increased, the sum of twenty shillings, and for default of payment thereof shall suffer three months imprisonment.

XVII. And whereas common and retailing brewers for the purpose of bringing into their flock beer and ale clandestinely brewed do frequently on the turning out beer and ale replace the fame with empty calks or calks of water or taplalh, and by mixing such calks with their stock, and by placing on the upper part of such calks froth or barm do impose upon the officers of the revenue, and shew and declare the lame to them as beer or ale and part of their stock, thereby obtaining credit for more beer or ale in stock than they are intitled to: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight every common or retailing brewer of beer or ale, or his or her servant, who shall shew his or her stock to the officer, shall count all the calks of beer, ale, guile, or worts, and declare the number of each denomination to the officer so taking an account of the fame; and in case such common or retailing brewer, his or her servant, shall refuse so to do, he, she, or they shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and if after the said declaraion as aforesaid there shall be found any empty calk, or any calk containing any other liquor or thing, save only what they were declared to contain, or any calks more than one of each denomination, but in part full, or a greater number of calks in the whole than have been declared, such common or retailing brewer shall forfeit for every calk, so found contrary to such declaration, the sum of forty shillings; and when such declaration shall be made, the account of the stock of beer, ale, guile, or worts of any brewer so declared, shall be deemed and taken to be the stock of such brewer at the time of taking the same.

XVIII. And whereas common and retailing brewers and distillers and makers of aquavitie, spirits, and strong waters frequently run considerably in arrear for the duties of excise, due and

A. Eh

1777-8*

Chap. 8;

penalty on brewer yl. ptr barrel,

servants 20s. per barrel, or 3 month's im-pnfonmentk

On shewing flock all caflc6 counted; and number of each denomination de-. dared.

refilling 20L

40s. every calk found contrary to declaration,

account declared deemed the flock at the time.

Brewing or distilling veltek seised for three weeks arrear of excise,

6 2 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

payable by them to the crown, and before'any sentence or judg-.1777-8. ment can be obtained against such brewers or distillers, they Chap. 8. secrete or carry away their brewing and distilling utensils, by means whereof great loss is sustained, and injury done to his Majesty's revenue: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight if any brewer or distiller, or maker of aquavita, spirits, or strong waters shall differ an arrear of excise to remain due to the crown for the space of three weeks, it shall and may be lawful to and for the collector of excise of the district, where such brewer or distiller lives or resides, to empower any person or persons by writing under las hand and seal to seize, detain, and secure all and every the fold on brewing vessels and utensils for brewing, and all and every die ,°o dTys^fter ftUls, worms, still heads, and all other vessels and utensils for condemned, distilling used in every brewhouse or distilling house of or belonging to such brewer or distiller so running in arrear; and if such brewer or distiller shall neglect to pay said arrear of excise for the space of ten days after trial and condemnation for such arrear incurred, then it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector, or such person or persons as he shall authorize and impower in the manner herein before directed, to fell all such vessels and utensils by public cant j and if after payment of the surplus to arrear of excise, and the costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, there shall be any surplus or overplus of the produce arising from the sale of the said vessels and utensils, such surplus or overplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to the brewer or distiller, whose vessels and utensils shall be seized and sold as aforesaid.

information

XIX. Provided always, that where any such distress shall be fikdin iW taken as, aforesaid, the collector so causing the same to be taken Cays after, {iian within fourteen days after the taking thereof cause an information to be filed for such an arrear of excise, so alledged to he due, and shall, cause the same to be proceeded on in such man-sentence in ner, as that sentence may be pronounced thereon within thirty 3'’ one days after the taking of such distress; and if such information shall not be filed or sentence pronounced within the respective times aforesaid, then and in either of these cases, and not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful to and for the persons, whole goods shall be so distrained, to retake the fame by virtue «r replevin, of any replevin or replevins in such manner, as replevin may j« for rent. made of any goods distrained for rent by any common person.

I

The sevenleenlh and eighteenth years of George III. 63

XX. And. whereas considerable injury hath arisen to the fair A.D. distiller as well as to his Majesty's revenue from the frauds and 1777-8. failure of insufficient and dishonest persons entering into the dif- Chap. 8. tilling business: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the autlio-

rity aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of Tune "5

J . r , r , , r . { . 1 J till bond With

one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight no person or per- rnreties for

fons shall be entitled to obtain from the commissioners of ex- 1*‘ cife any licence or licences for liberty to carry on the distilling every ioo business, until Jiich person or persons shall enter into a bond to his Majesty with two or more sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the commissioners of excise, or any three of them, or by the collectors of excise in their respective districts, in the penal lum of twenty pounds sterling for every hundred gallons which the still or stills of liich person or persons, so applying for such licence or licences, shall contain, conditioned for the due payment of all such duties as such person or persons shall or may be liable to, during the time such person or persons shall continue to carry on the business of a distiller under such licence on account of such distillery.

XXI. And whereas it is of detriment to the brewing trade Not to and his Majesty's revenue, that distillers should be permitted to

brew small beer or ale for sale: be it enacted by the authority fr fal'» aforesaid, that from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight no distiller shall be permitted to brew small beer or ale for sale; and ckrstd that it shall and may be lawful for the gauger or gaugers or the uqU0I3 a, p0t officer of excise, appointed to gauge, take account of, or charge with duty, the flock of distillers, to gauge, take account of, and and the charge all malt liquors of any strength or denomination in the SnaX/nt. po/Mion of any distiller as pot-ale or wash for the purpose of distilling; and that the said distiller shall be subject and liable to such penalties, loss, and forfeitures, as he is liable to by the laws heretofore made for short declaration of or concealing wadi or pot-ale from the gauge, light, or view of the officer appointed to take account of the same.

XXII. And whereas by an act made and passed in the sixth 5 <j. v c-year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing l6-r- "* and amending several-laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds therein, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it is amongst other things enacted, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty six in all cases, where by law permits or let-pafles for carrying exciseable goods from one part of this kingdom

<$4 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

dom to another are required, and such permits or letpasses 1777-8. shall be issued or taken out, the owner or other person or Chap. 8. persons, to whom such exciseable goods or commodities shall be so fold, consigned to, or sent, shall immediately after the nuts taken arrival of such goods and commodities at the port or place, to

Gut, no tunc t 0

by laid aft li- which they shall have been sent or directed, give notice in writ-r?ofr°‘ ing to the surveyov of excise, or in his absence to the gauger or r'"|off3r<wds SauSers P01t or place, of the arrival of such goods or

norextend* commodities, who are respectively required and directed with-mldcfptos, out delay to repair to the place, where such goods or commodities shall then be, and shall then and there carefully examine the said goods and commodities with the contents of the said permit, and further do and perform as in and by the said act is required and directed: and whereas there is not by the said act any precise time limited for giving notice to die officer of excise of the arrival of such goods and commodities: and whereas the aforesaid provisions in the said act contained have not been construed to extend to home made spirits: therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, in cases where by law permits or let pafies for carrying homemade spirits and other exciseable goods from one part of this raimal" kingdom to mother are required, and such permit or let pass for i.tmK- shall be issued or taken out, in such case the owner or other or^Kcfable Person or persons, to whom such home made spirits or other ex-wiuh'd fCli c^ea^e S°0^ or commodities shall be fold, consigned, or sent, ficerin i+1 shall within twenty four hours, or in case a Sunday, Christmas &f!fs1mnre ^ay, or Good Friday shall intervene, then in forty eight hours, after arrival after the arrival of such goods and commodities at the place to aftcrUmcTi- which they shall have been sent or directed, the city of Dublin, nut"':,. , and all places within two mile's of the castle of Dublin only ex-

Uuhlmzm r . r 1 , J

2 miles of the ccpted, or after the expiration or the time limited in such per-Cattle except- mjt of jetpafs> repair to the collector, surveyor, or other officer of excise, at such place with such permit or let pass, and examined l°dgc the fame with him 5 and such collector, surveyor, or other ashy 6 G. 3, officer of excise shall thereupon carefully examine such goods and c' ’’ commodities in such manner, as is directed by the said in part certificate rcclte^ act; and upon performance' of the requisites in the containing said act contained shall forthwith gi ve to the person, so bringing KiwnCm such permit or let pass, a certificate signed by such officer, that the said permit or let pass was lodged with him > which corticate shall contain in the body thereof a copy of the said permit or let pass, without ernfure of interlineation, and fhc day of

The seventeenth and eighteenth' years of George III. ‘ 65-

granting such certificate, which certificate shall’protect the said A.D. goods and commodities as effectually, as the said permit or let' 1777-8.. pals would have done, had not the lame been lodged with such Chap. 8. officer as aforesaid in the manner herein directed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that when any such - home made spirits, goods, or commodities, or shall be conveyed upon permit to the city of Dublin, or to-any theeauic, place within two miles of the castle of Dublin, the permit or raitWoei'"' permits, under which the fame have been lb consigned, shall be

lodged in the proper permit oflice in the city of Dublin within twenty four hours, or in case a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday shall intervene, then in forty eight hours after the j;j.c (fat£g-> Arrival of such goods and commodities, or after the expiration. of the time limited in such permit; and thereupon a certificate shall be given from the said office to the person lo bringing the said permit, importing that the said permit was lodged in the said office, which certificate shall contain in the body thereof a copy of the said permit and the day of granting such certificate; which certificate shall protect the said goods and commo-modities as effectually, as the said permit would have done, had not the fame been lodged in the said office and permits may be n "* renewed upon the said certificate from time to time, in the fame on. manner as they might have been renewed upon the said permit, if this act had never been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any aquavitce, strong waters, or spirits made or distilled

in this kingdom, or any other exciseable goods or commodities age, Ac. for* whatsoever, shall from and after the twenty fourth day of June ,tl* ’ one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight be found in the possession of any person or persons for the space of twenty four hours or forty eight hours respectively as aforesaid after the arrival of such goods and commodities, and after the expiration of the time limited in the permit or letpafs by which the said aquavita, strong \vaters, and spirits,' or other exciseable goods and commodities were carried and conveyed to the place, to which they shall have been sent or directed, unless such person or persons shall have obtained and shall produce such certificate, as is herein before directed in the -several cases aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited 5 and it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer of his Majesty's revenue to seize such aquavitat strong waters, or other exciseable goods and commodities, together with the packages, calks, and vessels in which the same shall be contained.

Vo 1.. XI.

R

66 The seventeenth and eighteenth' yettrs of George III.

A.D. 1777.8. Chap. 8. ly'v'V*

XXV. And whereas great frauds are frequently committed by the persons, who obtain permits or let p&ffes for conveying aquavita or strong waters by inland carriage: and whereas the provisions, heretofore made to prevent the conveyance of spirits, fraudulently made and distilled, from one part of this kingdom to another, have proved ineffectual: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June forcaftT«-lt one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight every person ap-W+gallons plying for any permit for the conveying of any quantity of aquavtte, spirits, or strong waters, in calks containing more MoonUn1"’ ^0Vlr Sa^om ^fom any part or place in this kingdom to any writing of the other part or place thereof by inland carriage, shall give an acquantity in count in writing to the officer, who is to grant such permit, of the o(E«rS'Vto num^er of calks in which such aquavita, spirits, or ItrongjWa-stamp«i ters are to be contained, together With the quantity of aquavita, spirits, or strong waters to be contained in each calk; and such officer shall upon granting such permits give therewith a ticket for each calk contained in such permit, stamped with such stamp or mark as the chief commissioners of excise, or any three of thorn, shall direct and appoint; and the ticket, so to be given to each person so applying, shall be numbered in arithmetical progrelfion, beginning with number one, aild shall contain the number and date of the permit, the persons name to whom granted, the name of the person to whom and the place, to which the calk, correspondittg with the number of the said ticket is Conligiied, the number of gallons of spirits contained in such calks, and the time said permit is to remain in force, with the initial letters of the officer’s name, who shall grant the said per-Mcncdon mit, flxblcribed thereto; and that the person receiving such ticket dcKwred,’or tickets before the removal of such aquavita, spirits, or strong in'fccwith waterS> for which such permit was granted, shall affix or fallen 1 s One q£ t^e tickets with parte or other glutinous substance on the head of each calk, which ticket shall correspond with or forfeited. t|)c number- and contents of the calk, to which it shall befo affixed as aforesaid and laid ticket shall be kept affixed (hereunto} until such calk shall be delivered at the place, to which it shall be consigned, upon pain of forfeiting such calk and the spirits therein contained.

Spirits im-

XXVI. And Whereas spirits much above proof have been imported mixed ported into this kingdom, having sugar, sugar candy, syrup, or fee. forfeited, other glutinous substances mixed therewith in order to prevent the officers of youi Majesty's revenue from ascertaining the real strength of such Ijiirits: for remedy whereof be it further en- acted

ticketfurcach

calk,

tickets numbered, spectfying the number, contents, &c.

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George ffi. 6*j

acted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty A.D. fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy 1777JJ. tight if any spirits shall be imported into this kingdom, with Chap. 8. which lugar, sugar candy, syrup, or other glutinous fublfcmce shall be mixed, such spirits so mixed as aforesaid shall be forfeited together with the calks or vessels, in which the same shall be contained; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer of your Majesty's revenue to seize the same.

XXVII. And whereas great quantities of different kinds of

wines have been lately imported into this kingdom in small , Igaiion«for-caiks or vessels, with an intent that the same might be more cafdy and privately carried off and conveyed away without paying the duties payable thereon i for prevention whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ibventy eight no wine's shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, or into any port, harbour, haven, or ereek thereof in any calk or veil'd, which shall not contain thirty one gallons at lead, from any place whatsoever, upon pain of forfeiting the said wines and the value thereof, together with the calk or vessel in which laid wines shall be contained.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one board in pott, thousand seven hundred and seventy eight all wines in caiks or ft0re'\h<?of vessels under the size of thirty one gallons shall be seized and for- J>uik not fcited, together with the calk of vessel in which such wines shall attempt to be contained, if found on board any ship, vessel, or boat in any iun’ port or harbour of this kingdom; or hovering within three uniefcin leagues of the shore of this kingdom, or which shall be did of which covered so to have been, although bulk shall not appear to have been broke, or any of the said wines ih calks under the size of proof, thirty one gallons run or intended to have been run out of such ship, vessel, or boat, feve where fitch ship or vessel shall not have been bound for any port in this kingom, but shall have been obliged to put into such port or harbour, or shall have been forced to come within three leagues of the shore of this kingdom as aforesaid, by unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and distrefe the mailer, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel into any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice and make proof before the collector or other officer reftdent at tire neared port, where such drip or vessel shall arrive.

(f8 Tita 'seventeenib 'aid. eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

XXIX. Provided th'at this act or any thing therein contained1 1777-8.-(hall hot be construed to extend to wines of thd growth of-^aP‘ ?_ Champaigne, or Burgundy, Or to Italian wines, or to Mufchat' wine, imported as usual in smaller vessels, or to Madeira wine,1 wine# as usual provided the same shall be imported in vessels not tinder the size'

m fraaJIervcf- A_« «.

fds, of twenty eight gallons.

rf«rain’8*"

XXX. And whereas by an act made and passed in-a parliament gallons. holden in this kingdom in the second year of his Majesty's reign;’ 7.r.?9.S‘C' entitled, An act for continuing and amending an aB, entitled, An

acts for better regulating the cotleBion sof his Majesty's revenue., and for preventing frauds therein, and for repealing an act-made tie kjl fejjitn of parliament, entitled, an a'B for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majestys customs and excise, and the several acts and statutes which are mentioned in the said aB and continued thereby, among other things it is enacted, that from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty two it shall and may be lawful to and for the owner or owners of any goods and merchandizes lazed for being run, or intended to be run, and to and for the master or commander of any ship or vessel seized for the breach of any of the laws of excise, to apply, as by law may now be done in cases to be heard and determined in the court of exchequer, for a writ of appraisement to value imd appraise such goods and merchandizes, and such ship or vessel so seized; on which such ptoceedings shall and may be had; as have been usual in cases, where by law writs of appraisement have issued; and on return of the appraisement

or value of such goods and Commodities, and of such Drips and

vessels, the party or parties applying for such writ of appraisement together with two sufficient sureties shall enter into a recognizance to his Majesty in double the value of such appraisement before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before' such other person or persons as they or any of them shall appoint by commission, to be issued out of the said court of exchequer, conditioned to pay such appraised value, and all other penalties and forfeitures attending such seizure, in case the same shall be condemned; and thereupon the said chancellor; or any of the said barons of the said court of exchequer, shall award a writ of delivery in the usual manner for such goods and merchandizes, and the ship or vessel lb seized as aforesaid: and whereas the recognizance,- prescribed by the said in part receited act,-doth not extend to secure the payment of the duties due and mentby iG. payable upon such goods and merchandizes; in case the fame

*’Ml

condition of recognizance on writ of appraise-

The Je-venteenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 69

-shall be acquitted: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, the condition of the recognizance to be entered into to his Majesty by the party or parties applying for such writ or writs, shall extend to secure the payment of the duties due and payable to his Majesty upon such goods and merchandizes, in case the same shall upon trial-of any information or informations be acquitted.

XXXI. And be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, during the continuance of this act, no duty' whatsoever shall be paid for any sith, which shall be cured in this kingdom, upon exportation thereof.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven. hundred and seventy nine, during the continuance of this act, no drawback of any duties shall be allowed upon the exportation of fish imported into this kingdom.

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 8.

shall extend to secure duties on goods seized if acquitted.

No duty

on.export-of

iilh cured here*

No drawback on export of fish imported.

XXXIII. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty third -year of the rc his late Majesty, it is enacted, That no collector do grant the licences in said act specifted, unless a certificate be first produced and lodged with him) signed by the next residing justice of the pence, who fluid not be an officer of his Majesty's revenue, setting forth, that the person desiring to be licenced is.properly qualified, and also that the place of his abode is a fir and proper place for felling and retailing ale or beer, or wines, strong waters, or other spirituous liquors respectively, according to the application made: and whereas the names of many of the justices of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin have been counterfeited to certi-cates in the form prescribed by the f.rnl aft, and licences, as aforesaid, obtained upon such counterfeit certificates: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That with respect -to the city of Dublin, the liberties thereof, and Within three miles from the ca/lle of Dublin, no collector, or his cleric, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be recovered as in said receited act, do grant any licence for the purposes in said act mentioned, unless such certificate, as the said act requires, be deposited with the said collector or his clerk by the next residing justice of the peace in his own proper person previous to the granting of such licence.

XXXIV. And whereas the vending of spirituous liquors in No retailer small quantities is found to be prejudicial to the health and to the Srf/fceufej"" morals of the people: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the >° i*"il ale

r 1 r r ,« ' ,_or wine also,

authority aforesaid, That no retailer or spirituous liquors, unless in county of the said retailer be licenced to sell ale or wine by retail as well as spirits within the county of the city of Dublin, and all places j^11 within the circular road, after the twenty fifth day of March oue time, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine do fell to any person or persons at any one time any quantity of spirituous Vol. XI. 8 liquor

so The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D. 1iquor less than one pint, under the penalty of five pounds for 1777's- every time he shall offend therein; the said penalty to be recovered upon conviction in a summary way before any magistrate of the finally ji. city of Dublin, or before any justice of the peace of the county of Dublin, or- in case of non-payment, by distress and sale of the to infmmer goods of the offender; the one moiety of the said penalty to be to industry. the use of the informer, and the other moiety to the use of the house of industry.

No brewer

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That gHuftcirder n0 brewer of ale or beer shall, during the continuance of this act, tiusaS, have power to act in or execute as a justice of peace Qr ma-favc prefi- gistrate any of the powers, clauses, Or things contained in this tnmt of con- present act, except the president of the court of confidence for fcicuce. the city of Dublin; and that all such things, so acted in or executed by any such brewer, are and shall be utterly null and void.

Brewer’s

XXXVI. And for the further prevention of the frauds herein lo'deda'l! fieforc complained of, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, li°"’ That every common or retailing brewer of strong beer or ale shall at or before the declaration, herein before required to be made by n-oi/a i'°" ^'lm touchinS his intention to brew strong beer or ale, upon demand of the revenue officer, to whom such declaration is to be made, take an oath, or, if a quaker, make an affirmation, to the following effect,; which oath or affirmation the said revenue officer is hereby empowered and directed to administer.

to use 7 I A.B. do solemnty /wear, or if a quaker, do affirm, that will ter"ofmair& truly, faithfully, andhonejlly carry on the trade or business of a brewer

hops ptr'bar ^cr or a^e 10 ^Je of "-7 "Mdy* knowledge, and skill,

rd at 3a gal- and that I will not prattife, or knowingly flffer to be praHifed by any Io"5’ per [on to be employed by me, any kind of imposition or fraud in making, combii T brewing, or felling the fame; and that not less than /even stone and lower. a quarter of malt, and one pound and an half of bops, shall be made use of in making and brewing each barrel of beer or ale, which/ball be brewed andfold by me or for my use, such barrel to be computed at thirty two gallons, and that I wilt not enter into any combination with any person or persons to lower the quality of strong beer or.ale during the continuance of this act:

iii^uaiStcd1 in ca^e of refusal ,to take said path or affirmation, sucti brewer so refusing, shall be difqoalified from-carrying on said business, whilst he -so refuses to take the same.

The fevejiteenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 71

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid) A.D. That an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late 1777'^- Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for better regulating the collection of his Majest s revenue, and for preventing 33 G. 2. c. of frauds therein, and for repealing an act made the laf fefions of l°' Parliament, entitled, An act for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made relating to his Majests revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majesty's ctfonts and excise, and the several acts and statutes which are mentioned in the slid act and continued thereby, and also one other act made in the first and ,.cj. 3. c. 7. second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act, entitled, An act for better regulating the col-. leClion of his Majests revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein; andj'or repealing an aB made the last fejfon of Parliament, entitled?

An act J'or continuing and amending several laws heretofore made-) relating to his Majests revenue, and for (be wore effectual preventing of frauds in his Majests cifonts and excif, and the several acts and fatutes which are mentioned in the slid act, and continued thereby; and also one other act made in the third and fourth years 3 q r. of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for continuing and*'-amending two several acts of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majests customs and excise, and for other purposes therein mentionej, and also one other 5 O’. act made in the fifth and sixth years of his Majesty's reign, enfi-tied, An act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majests revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds therein, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and also one Other 7 G. 3. c. act made in the seventh and eighth years of hjj? Majesty's reign, enti- " tied, An act for the further improvement of his Majestfs revenue, and for continuing and amending several aCJs therein particularly mentioned; and also one other act made fp the eleventh apd 11 & 11G. twelfth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An ctCl for the 3‘ c'7' further improvement of his Majests revenue, and the moire effectual preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing (tndaniendin g several laws beretoj'ore made and now in force relative to his Majests said revenue; and also one other act made in the thirteenth and four- , 3 &,+ c. teenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing 3~e-s-and amending several laws now in J'orce relating to his Majests revenue, and for the more effectual preventing frauds therein; and also one other act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his i,-s.- ioa. Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the improvement of his Ma- c- '? jiffs revenue, and the more effectually preventing of frauds therein,

8 2 and

*2 The fevetiteenih ani eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

and for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made, and 17.77'%’ nowin force, relative to his Majestys said revenue; and all and every the clauses therein respectively contained (except such parts continued, thereof as are altered, repealed, or amended by this present act or by ^ytarel'sc?’ any of the said recited acts,) shall continue and be in force for from 24. June (J1(> space of two years from the twenty fourth day of June ami*yam one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from q '3. "°2 thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament, and f®1, no longer.

Penalties,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, wifcprovided, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted pikd'aTby1'" by this a<^> or by the said several acts of Parliament herein be-14 & 15 C. 2. fore last particularly mentioned or recited, or by any of them (other than and except fitch as by this act, or by any of the said recited acts of Parliament herein before last mentioned, are otherwise provided for) shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of thereign of King Charles the second, entitled, An altfor settling the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates with like therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all 'intents,.constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in the body of -this present act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think liim, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise is provided.

Contmu-

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the

ance 2 years J

from 24 June authority aforesaid, That this act, and the several provisions here-'Vndmmalij, by made, shall continue and be in force for the space of two years from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred fy 26 G. 3. and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next c'4&' session of Parliament, and no longer.

3

CHAP.

The seventtenib and eighteenth yean of George III. 73

A.D.

chap. ix.

An act to authorize fir a limited time the punishment by bard labour oj offenders, nnbo for certain crimes are or shall become liable to be transperted to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations.

WHEREAS the transportation cf convicts to his Majesty's Mal(.coo colonies and plantations in America, now in use within *i£t» liable to this kingdom by virtue of the several statutes authorizing such S transportation, is found to be attended with various inconveni-!"n?,lb?"r

1 ... in mer in

encies, particularly by depnving this kingdom of many subjects, harbour of whole labour might be useful to the community, and who by proper care and correction might be reclaimed from their evil at courses: and whereas until Tome other more effectual provisions in the place of transportation to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America can be framed, such convicts (being males) might be employed with benefit to the publick in the raising sand, foil, and gravel from and cleansing the river Anna Liffey in the harbour of Dublin, or any other service for the benefit of the navigation of the said river and harbour eastward of Essex bridge, or in any other service herein after directed, or being females might be kept to labour of a less severe kind within this kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords Ipiri-tual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after die passing of this act, when any male persons shall at any session of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general sessions of the peace, for any. county, city, town, or place within this kingdom, be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any other crime, for which he shall be liable by law to a sentence of transportation to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, it shall and may be lawful for the court, before whom any such person shall be so convicted, or any court held for the same place, with like authority, if such court shall think fit, in the place of such punishment by transportation to order and adjudge, that such person shall be punished by being kept to hard labour in the raising sand, foil, and gravel from and cleansing the river Anna Liftey in the harbour of Dublin, or any other service for the benefit of the navigation of the said river and harbour eastward of Essex bridge, under the for die management and direction of an overseer or overseers, to be ap-

Vo 1,. XI. T pointed

74

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 9. \^y\j

not under 3 or above 10 years.

The Seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

pointed by the justices of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin at their quarter or other general sessions of the peace for the fame term of years, as the transportation for the said offence might by law have been adjudged, or for such shorter term as such court shall think fit to order and adjudge, provided that the same shall in no case be less than three years, or more than ten years.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that felony death, where any male person shall at any session of oyer and terminer, and the royal or gaoy delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the fied^aMowed peace for any county, city, town, or place within this kingdom pardm alf' be lawfully convicted of any robbery or other felony, for which he under great shall by law be liable to suffer death without benefit of clergy, toaiike"iLk'pt and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the royal Reined 'Crm mercy to any such offender upon conviction of being kept to hard labour for the term of ten years, or any other shorter time to be specified, in the custody of such overseer or overseers as aforesaid, and such intention of mercy shall be notified in writing by the secretary of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, lords justices, or other chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to the judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or place, before whom any such offender shall be convicted or condemned, it shall and may b: lawful for every such judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or giol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to ever)' such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon in the same manner, as if there was a conditional pardon under the great seal, and may and shall adjudge, that every such offender shall be kept to hard labour in the custody of such overseer or overseers as aforesaid for the time specified in the notification from such secretary.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that when any offender shall be ordered to be kept to hard labour in maimer aforesaid, or as herein after is directed, the clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk of the court, by which such order shall be made, shall give to the sheriff or gaoler having the custody of such offender a certificate in writing under his hand containing an account of the christian name, surname, ami age of such offender, of his offence, of the court before whom he was convicted, and of the term for which he Hull be so ordered to hard labour; and the sheriff or gaoler having the cut der toVuc?11' to<ty such offender shall with all convenient speed after the oterfteni making of any such order, and receiving of such certificate, z convey

Certificate fjy the clerk of court to the (heriflt or gaoler.

who. shall therewith

The seventeenib and eighteenth years of George III. 7

convey such offender or catife him to' be conveyed to such place A.D.

within this kingdom, and also deliver such offender, or cause him 1777-8-to be delivered, together with the said certificate, to such over- Chap. 9. seer or overseers as aforesaid; and the overseer or overseers, to' whom any such offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper receipt in writing under his or their hand or hands, which shall bd a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or gaoler so delivering such offender.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Evened all expences, incurred by any sheriff or gaoler in the conveyance of any such offender as aforesaid, shall be. paid by the county, county trea-city, town, or place, for which the court,- ordering such punishment by hard labour instead of transportation to America, shall fi0"11 be held j and the sheriff or gaoler shall receive the money due for such expences from the treasurer for such county, city, town,- or place, by order of the justices of the peace at their quarterly or other general session, who are hereby required to make such order accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that after delivery of any such offender as aforesaid into the custody, to which he shall be adjudged, the overseer or overseers, who shall j^y"4 have the custody of such offender, shall during the term, for which abuse to fame lie shall be ordered to hard labour, have the fame powers over such offender, as are incident to the office of a sheriff or gaoler; and in case of any abuse of the custody, or other misbehaviour in discharge of his office, shall be liable to the fame punishment as a . gaoler; and also shall during such term as aforesaid keep such and keep offender to hard labour either in railing sand, foil, and gravel jj^"^ from and cleansing the river Anna Liffey in the harbour of baibft office Dublin, or in any other laborious service for the benefit of the pr^cril,c<i' navigation of the said river and harbour to the eastward of Essex bridge, but at such places only, and subject to such directions, limitations, and restrictions, as the ballad office committee of the city of Dublin for the time being shall from time to prescribe.

VI. Provided nevertheless, that such offenders,- when ordered jfotein_ to hard labour in the river Anna Liffey, or in the harbour of the pW«i >> city of Dublin, shall in no case be employed in delivering ton- biuii1"*' nage of balldft to mailers and commanders of ships,- but only in digging, raising, and taking up the gravel, sand, and foil from and disci.ar*. the shelves and sand banks of the said river and harbour, and in homier discharging the fame upon the Ihore above the highwater mark,

76 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D. 1777.8. Chap. 9.

Allowed 'only bread and coarse

supplying other* 4O0«

Refuting labour, or miflichaving, whipped or puniflted as in house of correction.

or in some other laborious service for the benefit of the navigation of the said river or Harbour.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every offender, who shall be ordered to hard labour in the custody of such overseer or overseers as aforesaid, shall during the time

inferior food, of such service be fed and sustained with bread and any wholesome (inafniecr, coarse or inferior food, and water or small beer, and also sufficiently and cloathed, dpathed; and such offender shall not, during the terra of such service, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or cloathing, than such as shall be so allotted to them; and if any person shall supply any such offender, at any time during the time of his fair! service, with any drink, food, or cloathing, other than such as shall be so directed or permitted, he or flie so supplying shall for every such offence forfeit any Him not exceeding forty /hillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any offender, who shall be so delivered as aforesaid to be kept to hard labour, shall during the term of such service refuse to perform any labour authorized by this act, or who shall be guilty of any other misbehaviour or disorderly conduct, it shall and may be lawful for the overseer or overseers, having the custody of any such offender, to order such moderate whipping or other punishment to be infiifted on him, as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of correction for hard labour.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every offender, who shall be delivered to be kept to hard labour in manner aforesaid, shall at the end of the term of such service, and upon being restored to his liberty, receive from the' overseer or over-

cloathing,seers, under whom he shall have so served, such sum of money, appointed^1 not bein£ than forty killings, nor more than five pounds, together with such decent cloathing, as the court, into which such return shall be made as herein after mentioned, shall appoint (

and if any such offender, whilst confined to hard labour in man-

»f on good J

ner aforesaid, shall by his industry and other good behaviour fhev such signs of reformation, as shall induce the said court to recommend him as an object of his Majesty's mercy, and it shall be thereupon signified by a letter from such secretary as aforesaid to the overseer or overseers as aforesaid, that his Majesty thinks fit in consideration of such good behaviour to shorten the dura-andtorc tion of such offender’s term, such offender shall be accordingly fcrring*«i* *'ct at 1'berty at the time mentioned in such letter, and shall rewhole. ceive a sum of money from his overseer or overseers, and cloathing

Restored to liberty shall receive not under 40s. nor

behaviour and secreta. ry’« letter, recommend* ed, tire-term Shortened,

1he fcroenteenth and eighteenth years of George III. 77

in the same manner, as if he had served the whole of the term, for which he was adjudged to serve.

X. And whereas in many cases it might be found inconvenient to fend convicts, especially females and males who are weak and aged, to work as aforesaid in clearing in the said river Anna Liffey in the harbour of Dublin: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that where any person shall at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the peace for any county, city, town or place within this kingdom, be lawfully convicted of grand or petit larceny, or any other crime for which he or flie shall be liable by law to transportation to any of his Majesty's colonies in America, it shall be lawful for the court, in which any such offender shall be so convicted, or any court held for the same place, and with like authority, if such court shall think fit, in the place of such punishment by transportation to order and adjudge, that such person shall be sent to feme proper place of confinement within the said county, city, town, or place, to be appointed for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, there to be kept to hard labour for such term or number of years as such court shall appoint, not exceeding the term or number of years for which the transportation for the said offence might have been adjudged, provided that the same shall in no. case be less than three years, or more than ten years.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

where any person shall at any session of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general session of the peace for any county, city, town, or place within this kingdom, be lawfully convicted of any robbery or other felony, for which lie or Ihe shall by law be liable to 1'uffer death without benefit of clergy, and his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to extend the royal mercy to any such offender upon condition of being kept to hard labour at the place of confinement to be appointed for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, and such intention of mercy shall be notified in writing by the secretary of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, lords justices, or any other chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to the judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery in any county, city, or place, before whom such offender shall be so convicted or condemned, it shall and may be lawful for every such judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to every such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon in the same manner, as if there was a coni' oi. XI. U ditional

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 9.

Females

weak or aged male), con* lined to hard labour in place appointed^ not under 3, or above 10

Felon*, oi secretary* notification to the judge, allowed conditional pardon a* if under great fori*

and ordered to hard labour for the time.

y 8 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

ditional pardon under the great leal, and may and shall adjudge 1777-8. that every such offender shall be kept to hard labour for the time Chap. 9. specified in the notification from such secretary of state. v 1

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

ctrtiBcatr^ when any offender shall be ordered to be kept to hard labour in '>y manner aforesaid) the clerk of the assize, clerk of the peace, or gaoler to other clerk of the court, by which such order shall be made, shall «a[onf C°r" Sive to ^ie hieriff or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, a certificate in writing under his hand containing an account of the christian name, sirname, and age of such offender, of his or her offence, of the court before whom he or she was convicted, and of the term for which he or flie shall be ordered to bard labour; and the sheriff or gaoler shall with all convenient speed after the making of any such order, and receiving of such certificate, convey such offender, or cause him or her to be conveyed, to the proper house of correction, and deliver such offender., or cause him or her to be delivered, together with the said certificate into the custody of the matter or keeper of such house of correction: and the person and persons, to whom such offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper receipt in writing under his or their hand or hands, which shall be a sufficient discharge so the sheriffi gaoler, or other person so delivering any such offender; and allexpences, incurred by any sheriff or gaoler in conveying such offender to the house of correction in manner

expences

paid s for aforesaid, shall be paid by the county, city, town, or place, for onrivtre"ders which the court ordering such punishment by hard labour shall L'flq-- be held, in the same manner as is herein before directed in respect to offenders ordered to hard labour in the river Anna Liffey and the harbour of Dublin.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pia«s for that the justices of the peace for every county, city, town, and °Srtfcrc’ P'ace> within this kingdom shall at the first quarter or other fions, general session of the peace, which shall be held next after the passing of this act, take into consideration the state of their respective houses of correction, in order that proper places within the same or elsewhere within each respective county, city, town, and place, may be prepared for the reception of such offenders, as shall be ordered to hard labour therein by force of this act, and for the purposes aforesaid, and for keeping such offenders to and orders hard labour, and for their employment, regulation, and goven-made, ment, shall give such directions, and make such orders, as such keeper for justices shall think most fit and proper, as they are authorized to *1 gaoler. give or make by the laws now in force in respect to the houses

1 of

The seventeenth and eighteenth years George ID. 79

of correction, or by any of them; and the keeper of the place A.D. of confinement, lb appointed , and prepared, shall in case of the 1777-8. abuse of the custody or other misbehvaiour in discharge of his Chap. 9. office be liable to the fame punishment as a gaoler. V/W»

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that R[ce]scu;ngt if any person shall refeue any offender, who by force of this act onifliitingm shall be ordered to hard labour or to the house of correction as cape.Uio’ aforesaid, either in Ins conveyance to the place appointed for such "°J^e hard labour or house of correction, or whilst such offender under this act shall be in the custody of the person or persons appointed

for that purpose, or if any person shall be aiding or assisting in

such refeue, or if any person, not having the actual custody of any such offender, shall be aiding and assisting in any escape, or shall by supplying arms or inftraments of disguise or escape, or otherwise in any manner be aiding and assisting in the attempt

to make any such escape, though no such escape shall be made,

every such person on being convictecl of such offence by indict- m&mi± to

ment before any court of oyer and terminer, and general gaol de- fimeportKm

livery, held in and for the place where such offence shall be com- cor^alon"

mitted, shall be by such court adjudged and ordered to the fame

portion of hard labour or correction, as the person refeued or

escaped, or attempted to be aided in any escape, had to serve or

suffer at the time of such refeue, escape, or attempt of an

escape.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

if any person, who shall be ordered to hard labour under this

J 1 . c»pe, term of

aft either in the river Anna Liffey, or in the harbour and bay of service dou* Dublin as aforesaid, or at any place of confinement appointed by bled’ virtue of this act, shall at any time, during the term for which he or Hie shall be so ordered to hard labour, break prison or escape from the place of his or her confinement, or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender, he or she so breaking prison or escaping shall on conviction for the first escape be punished by doubling the term of the service and hard labour, in which he or she was at the time of such escape, and on conviction for a second escape be adjudged guilty of fcWydith. felony without benefit of clergy, and suffer death accordingly.

XVI. And to the intent that such conviction of convictions

may be had with as little trouble and expence as possible, be it wjJrrj'djkcn further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every offender or offenders escaping in manner aforesaid may and shall be tried before the justices of assize, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery for the county, city, or place, where he, she, or they, shall be

apprehended

mer conviction.

Clerk, sheriff, or gaoler, paid as on transportation.

80 The sevenieenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

apprehended and taken; and that the clerk of the assize and clerk 1777-8. of the peace, where such orders of confinement or hard labour shall Chap. 9. respectively be made, and their succesiors for the time being, fiialL at the request of the prosecutor, or any other in his Majesty's ment for el- behalf, certify a transcript briefly and in few words, containing certificate, the effect of every indictment and conviction of such man or proof of for- woinan and of the order made for his or her confinement, or

mer t'/mvi/'m

being sent to hard labour respectively, to the justices of assize, oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, where such man or woman, shall be indicted for any such escape from his or her place of confinement, or of hard labour respectively, not taking for tilt feme above the sum of two shillings and six pence; which certificate, being produced in court, shall be a sufficient proof, that liich person or person have before been convicted and ordered to such place of confinement or hard labour respectively.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that such clerk of the court, and the sheriff or gaoler, shall be paid by the treasurer of the county, city, town, or place, the like satisfaction, as hath been usually paid for the order of transportation of any offender.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the offender or offenders, which shall be

td from thoit sent {0 an(J shall by virtue of this act be directed to be confined

ot interior 4

desrec. in such places to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be kept separate from, and shall not be permitted or suffered to intermix with, any person or persons confined for any offence under the degree of petit larceny, or other crime not making the person or persons having committed the fame by the laws of this realm subject to a sentence of transportation.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the overseers of the several places of confinement, to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall from time to time make returns, specifying the names of all and every the person or persons who shall be committed to their custody, the offences of which they shall have been guilty, the court before which each person was convicted, the sentence of the court, the age, bodily state and behaviour of every such convict while in custody, ami also tire names of all and every the person or persons who shall

tk ill of have died under such custody, or shall have escaped from such every ttrm to p[ace of confinement, or shall have been released from thence for other by order from such secretary as aforesaid; such returns from the overseers of the convicts to be employed in laborious service for the benefit of the navigation of the said river, bay, and harbour,

to

Such offenders separat-

Returns made by verfeers.

places of confinement* to aflizesorfeffions,

The seventeenth and eighteenth, years of George III.

to be made the first day of every term ta his Majesty's court of king’s bench at Dublin, and from the overseers of the other places of confinement, to be appointed by virtue of this act, to the justices of assize at each assize, and to the justices of peace at each quarter or other general sessions of the peace for the county, city, or place, within which such place of confinement shall be situate; and that every such return shall be verified on the oath of the person making the same, such oath to be made before the court into which the return shall be delivered.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that any pecuniary penalties, created by this act, for the recovery of which no mode is herein before prescribed, shall be recoverable before two or more justices of the peace in the county, city, town, or place, in which the offence shall be committed, or before two or more justices of the peace in the county where such offenders shall be resident, on proof of the offence by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender j and the penalty so recovered shall belong to the informer or informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of non payment shall be levied by distress and lale of the offender’s goods and chattles, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices, and the overplus of the money raised, after deducing the penalty, and the expences of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by such justice to the prison of such county, city, town, or place, for such term, not exceeding six months, as such justices shall think most proper.

XXI. And towards defraying the expences to be necessarily incurred by this act be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the grand juries of the different counties, and counties of cities and towns in this kingdom, except the county of the city of Dublin; be authorized at the assizes to be held for their respective counties, and at the Easter and Michaelmas terms held in the king’s bench in and for the the county of Dublin, severally to present (as in other instances they are by the laws now in force impowered) on their respective counties, the sum of five pounds for each convict sent from such county, for effectually punishing by hard labour as aforesaid such offenders as are described in this act, and for their support, maintenance, cloathr ing, and payment, and for finding proper materials, instruments, lighters, gabbards, and other conveniericies for them to work with, and in and for the due and proper payment of the several overseers herein before mentioned, and also for such further-sum

81

A.D.

1777-8. Dhap. 10.

00 oath before the court where returned

Penalties, not otherwise ordered, re* covered before x justices where offence, or where resident, on oath or confession,

to profccu* too

by distress and sale,

or impn-fonraent'not above 6 months.

Preferment cl. each convict sent,

for expence ‘ of conveying not above dd, each mile*

82

7be seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

for the payment of the necessary and reasonable expences to he in-1777-8. curred by sheriffs and gaolers in the conveyance of offenders to Chap. 9. the said overseers as aforesaid, not exceeding six pence for each mile such offender shall be conveyed.

XXII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, ptdicntjnc- that the grand jury at the general quarter sessions of the peace, gra'n'djury to be held for the county of the city of Dublin, be authorized to at fcfpons for present (as in other instances they are by the laws now in forte DM". impowered) on the county of the said city of Dublin such reasonable sums of money, as together with said five pounds for every convict as aforesaid they shall think expedient and neccl-fary for effectually punishing by hard labour as aforesaid such convicts, as are described in this aCi, and for their support, maintenance, cloathing, and payment, and for finding proper materials, instruments, lighters, gabbards, and other conveniencies for them to work with, and in and for the due and proper payment of the several overseers hereinbefore mentioned, and in general for the carrying the purposes and intentions of this act into execution.

Reafun-

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

mcnJfor"111" that the grand juries of the different counties and counties of

fious« of citieS and towns in this kingdom be authorized at the assizes and correction. , 0

general gaol delivery, to be held for their respective counties, and at the general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county of the city of Dublin, and at the Easter and Michaelmas term held in the king’s bench in and for the county of Dublin, severally to present (as in other instances they are by the laws now in force impowered) on their respective counties such reasonable sums of money, as they shall think expedient and need-fary, for providing, maintaining, and regulating the housesef correction, already or which shall hereafter be established in their respective counties, and to which such convicts shall hereafter be committed to hard labour.

Defend-

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pkaiTgcnerai that if any suit or action shall be prosecuted against any person issue, Sic. or persons For any thing done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act *nd have or she special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, treble costs, and that the fame was done by the authority of this act; and if no colts on a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the piuin-52ft, tiff or plaintiffs Hull become nonsuit, or discontinue his, hen left on judge's or their actions after issue joined, or if on demurrer or otherwise "rl CJC' judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the

defendant

The seventetnth cm.l eighteenth years of George III. 83

defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the A.D. like remedy for the fame, as any defendants have by law mother 1777-8. cases 5 and though a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff in any

liich action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial shall be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 4a;on that all actions, suits, and prosecutions, to be commenced against the person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county or place, where the fact was committed, and shall be commenced within six months after 6 the fact committed, and not otherwise.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Continued that this act shall continue to be in force for two years, and to3

the end of the then session, or if the said term of two years shall fnm tjl Au-not determine during any session of parliament, then to the end^fjj®^ of the then next ensuing session of parliament. 2° G- 3c-

CHAP. X.

An all jor making and keeping in repair a circular road round the city of Dublin.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in this kingdom in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for making more convenient the approaches to the G city of Dublin by making a new turnpike road on the south fide, the 36.

%vjl fide, and the north fide of said city, to commence at the road leading from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate at Cavendish street-, and also another act of parliament passed in the fifteenth and & 1J& ,6 sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act G-3- c-,8< made to explain and amend an act made in the third and fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act for making more carseniint the approaches to the city of Dublin by making a new turnpike road on thefouth fide, and wtfl fide, and the north fide offad city, to commence at the road leading from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate in Cavendish street, have not proved effectual for an-i’wering the purposes intended by said acts: to avoid therefore' the confusion that may arise from a multiplicity of acts of parliament relative to the fame subject it is thought expedient to repeal the said acts, and to make the provisions herein after contained: therefore be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tempora and

84 Wse seventeciith and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

aft'd commons iti this- present' parliament assembled, and by the

1777-8; authority of the same, that from and after the passing of this act

Chap. to an act pSfiedi in the third year of his present Majesty's reign,

' ° entitled, An tiff for making more convenient the approaches to the cite

of Dublin by making a new turnpike road on the south fide, the west

fide, and the north fide of the said city, to commence at the road leading from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate at Cavendish street,

and’ also another act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years

of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend

an all made in the third andjourtb years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an ail jor making more convenient the approaches

to the city of Dublin by making a new turnpike road on the south fide,

the wejlfide, and north fide of the said city, to commence at the road

leading from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate at Cavendp

taidaOs K-frCit, and every clause in them and . each of them contained,

pCfed’ 0 (EXcePt clauses therein as relate to the purchasiflg and mak-

puichaling ing agreements for lands, tenements, houses, and building

for'iands'&c. grounds, and to the powers therein and thereby given to the

and powers to several persons, bodies politick, corporate, and collegiate, to enter

truHces, and into contracts and agreements with the trustees named in and

Wi and con- appointed pursuant to such acts, and each of them, and to make

and precept Tales and conveyances of lands, tenements, houses, buildings,

juries?"1011 grounds, and hereditaments, as in said acts are set forth, and the

confirming powers giveil to trustees to issue precepts to sheriffs to summon acts of juries, , r .... r r

juries for the purposes in said acts mentioned, and every matter relative to the confirming the acts of such juries, and the powers trustees ap. £lVeh to the said trustees to name and appoint treasurers, superin-pointing of- tfendants, and collectors, and which relate to the power of such

beets, and . r

their power, treasurer, fupenntendants, and collectors, in manner as in laid acts are mentioned, shall be repealed and made null and void.

Trustees And for the making and keeping in repair a circular road appointed for round the city of Dublin, and a road from said circular road to road, and to the felKons holife of Kilmaiftham, sixty feet wide in the clear st Sol* be it forther enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from 60 feet wideband after the passing of this act the members of both houses of boUiToufesf'parliament for the time being, the lord mayor, recorder, and lord mayor, aldermen of the city of Dublin for the tithe being, the lectors

recorders and, t %

aldermen, and Vicars of thefeveralparishes in the city of Dublm, thejui-v;c^"?^ tices of the peace for the County of Dublin and the city of " justices of ^u®n> Irving an estate of freehold in lands, tenements, or a col. a year hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds county^or" at'tfoe least within either of the said counties, all for the time

city, being,

The seventeenth' and eighteenth yean of George III. 85

being, and the trustees named in the said act of the third year of A.D. the reign of his present Majesty, or elected since passing the 1777-8. fame, shall be and are hereby nominated, constituted, and ap- Chap. 10. pointed trustees for making and keeping in repair the said roads truifcci and foot paths, and also a road from said circular road to the 3^' session house of Kilmainham sixty feet wide at the least, and for inputting in execution the several powers and authorities mentioned, and contained in this act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Any 7 may the said trustees, and such other person and persons as shall here- k«p inr! after be appointed trustees, in pursuance of this act, or tiny seven P3ir« or more of them, shall have full power and authority, and they the road are hereby authorized and impowered, to make and keep in repair, during the1 term hereaster mentioned, a circular road round the city of Dublin sixty feet wide in the clear at least, beginning at the river Anna Liftey near the Marine nursery, and from thence to the new bridge lately built on the south of Kilmainham, and from thence across the said river Anna Liffey at or near Island-bridge, and to be continued on the outside of his Majesty's park the Phoenix to the northward of Prussia street, and the fields bf Henry Meredyth esquire near the road from Dublin to FinglafSj and from thence to the northward of Eccies street, and from thende to the river Anna Liffey eastward of the delph manu-factory lately kept by Thomas Alhburne, and allb the said road to the sessions house of Kilmainham.

IV. Provided, that no part of the circular road, which has No p»tt been already made pursuant to the said former acts or either of

them, and for which annual rents by way of conipcrifation have for which* . been already ascertained or paid, either by agreement of the byer"cment' parties or by verdict of a jury, pursuant to the said former acts jJAd'*’ or either of them, shall be altered or changed, but shall remain and be part of the said road.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trustees, or any seven or more of thetti, shall have full nmon build) and ample power and authority, and that they be hereby fully ‘ng3’ authorized and impowered, to pull down and remove all Kbufes, and lay walls, and other buildings, and t6 lay into the said road such fi road,'"10 parts of the lands and grounds, through which the said roads or rejronab!e foot paths shall pass, as they or any seven or more of them shall satisfaction think necessary, first making reasonable satisfaction to every per- first mad" son, who shall or may sustain any damage thereby, ini such manner as is hereafter mentioned.

Vol. XL

Y

Vf. Provided

86 The seventeenth and eighteenth years q/ George III.

A.D.

VI. Provided always, that it shall and may -fee; lawful for the 1777-8. said trustees to make distinct and separate mortgages of the tolls Chap. 10. of tjje southern and nprtjierfl line, gijd also to carry on the fame 'rorm- as different works, and by and out of distinet and separate funds, Imfhind* ^they shall think proper.

Ibuth toll, VII. Apd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that woAsMd'"1 ^he laid trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such person or fiindi. persons as they, or any seven or more of them,:ft)all authorize A^giy and appoint, shall ai}d may erect and capfe to be erected one $£53*0 v "w? turnpike or turnpikes, in,upon,:Qr actofs

iious«, any part or parts oftlie laid roads, and alf° a.toll house or.toll ind uie hpv^ss, and there shall demand, receive, and take the tolls and *0'1* duties following, before any horse, mare, or gelding, cattle, coach, herlin, chariot, calash, chair, waggon, wain, cart, can’, dray, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pal’s on the said tie toll, wad; that is to say, fqr every coach, herlin. chariot, calaftii chaift, or chair, drawn by fa horses or beasts of burthen, or more, thefnji) of one shilling apdfix pence, for every coach, beriin, chaijot, c^l.alh, ebaife, or chair, drawn by a M» number than fix, and more than two, the sum of one Ihifting; for every coach, berlin, chariot, caiafli, chaise, or chair, drawn by two holies, six pence; for every carnage, commonly called a chafe or chair; with one horse, mare, or getting, the sum of threepence; for every carriage, called a brewer’s dray with wheels narrower than nide inches, the sum offiveftpUing? and five pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, with fom wheels, the breadth Whereof not bong less tbjtn fix ipche$ at the foie, and the streaks thereof set on with fiat or rose beaded nails, and the fore axle-trw of such carriage bring Ip much shorter than the hind axle-tree that such carriage Ih^ll roll at least ten inches of the road in breadth on each side of such carriage, and the wheels thereof placed at such a distance from each other that the space between the middle of one track, made by the wheels on the road, and the puddle of the Other track, shall be from four feet ten inches *0 five feet, drawn by three or ppre horses, five pence; for every wa^9U> waity or cayt with two wheels, the breadth thereof being trot left than fi$ inches at the least, and the streaks thereof ftt with fiat or rpfe heyded pails, drawp by one or two horses, threepence; for every w^ggqn, wain, or- cart with four-wheel?, narrower than fix inefies, ten,fbiHing8; for every waggon, wan, or cart, with two, wheels, narrower thanfiis inches, having one or more horses, five fhiihngs; for every cart-having but one-horse, mare, gelding, or mule, the breadth of the wheels thereof being three

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of' GeorgeHI. $7

three inches at the foie, and the streaks thereof set on with fiat A; D-or rose headed nails, two pence; for every earr, having but ohe "1777~‘°' horse, mare, gelding, or mule, the breadth of the wheels thereof ^laP-lC' being four inches at the foie, and the streaks thereof set on with flat or rose headed nails, one penny half penny; for every carr, having butone horse, mare, gelding, or mule, with the whdels niarroVver than three inches, one Hulling; for every horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, not drawing, one penny; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle lie sum of one shilling and eight-pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater dr lesser number; for every drove of calves, hogs, (heap, or lambs,'the sum of ten pence by the score, and so in proportion for any grfe&fer '

or lesser number; which laid respective sum and fonts df fooney f shall be demanded and taken in the name of pr as a toll dr duty; " "" and the money so to be raised as aforesaid is and fttall hfcrehy be vested in the said trustees; and the fame and every part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and assigned tp, and for a |{ed a) the several uses, intents, and purposes, and in such manner as is he!! herein after mentioned and directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; f that the said trustees shall be impowered by themselves, or any ievyby d;r-perfoli or persons by them, of any seven or more of them, under their hands and seals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid, upon any person or persons; who shall after demand made thereof neglect or refuse to pay the same, by distress of any horse or horses, or any cattle or goods; upon which such toll or duty is by this act imposed; of upon any other of the goods, or chattels of such person or persons Who ought to pay the same, and may retain and keep the fame, until such toll or duty with the reasonable charges of such distraining and keeping shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful td and for such person and persons lb distraining; after the (pace of five

days after such distrds made and taken, to fell the goods so distrained by publick auction, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after such toll, duty, and reasonable charges for distraining and keeping the same, shall be deducted.

IS. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no person shall be liable to pay toll mote than once; once a day on who shall pals, repafe, or return through all or arty of such turnpikes, to be erected by the authority of this act, the same day, to be computed from-twelve of the clock at night to twelve of the clock in the succeeding night, with the fame coach, or other

carriage,

88 The seventeetith and eighteenth years of George III.

Aj D. carriage, horse, or other cattle, and shall produce a ticket, that 1777-8. the toll was paid at any of the said turnpikes, which note or Chap. 10. ticket the receiver or receivers, collector or colletors, is and are hereby required to give gratis upon receipt of the said tollj and altering ticket if any person having paid toll, and having such note or ticket as andreceiWng, is hereby directed to be given, shall give, offer, or dispose of the I0’- fame to any other person or persons, or shall alter the fame in order to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, every such person giving, offering, disposing, or altering of such note or ticket, and the persons receiving and making use thereof, shall respectively forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that and cxpTncet out of the money arising from the profit of the several turnpikes, ifftpaid, which have been or hereaster shall be erected, or out of any money borrowed or to be borrowed on the credit of this act, the said trustees, or-any seven or more of them, shall first pay and discharge the expence of procuring this act of parliament, and of making the said roads and foot paths, and of paying for the purchase of grounds and houses, and of making compensation for damages, as by this act is directed, and of erecting such turnpike or turnpikes, or building such toll house and toll houses riuntoi*-as aforesaid; and from and after such charges and eXpences shall piirtlie road! be fully satisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the h profits arising, and the tolls to be collected at each and every such turnpike and turnpikes, shall be applied for and towards the repair of the said roads and foot paths, and to the payment of offamW the interest of any money borrowed or to be borrowed on the rowed, credit of the said roads, and to the payment of the officers fala-bridge^ ries, and to the erecting any bridge or bridges, except over the EffeiMdg^river Anna Liffey eastward of Essex bridge, or other works necessary for the convenience and support of such roads and foot works, paths, and for paying rewaVds as hereaster mentioned for the convicting conviction of any person, who shall be guilty of robbing or maim-robbers, &c. ing any person on said roads or foof paths, or in paying off any TolTfcoy' ‘kkt contract by said trustees, or to be contracted, or in establishing a ferry boat for carriage's over the river Anna Liffey or planting opposite or near to the marine nursery, or for planting trees along uecs. said roads, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit.

XI. And whereas the right of establishing a ferry or ferriesover effVrafloet the river Anna Liffey from the Old bridge in the city of Dublin under feai to the town of Ring's end belongs to the lord mayor, Ihoiffs and commons, and citizens of the said city, and the ferries over

the

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. oy

the said river, and the right of establishing ferries over the fame A.D.

from Essex-bridge to the said town of Rings end, is now granted 1777-8*

and demised by the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and Chap. id.

citizens to John Jones of the city of Dublin esquire for a term

of years, of which there are about twenty years unexpired, and "

the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens, and the firry near

said John Jones, have respectively consented and agreed to de- Ws"

mite to the said trustees a passage or right of ferriage over the tenn-

said river, opposite or near to the said Marine nurlery, for such

terms and subject to such rents as are herein after mentioned:

therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said John Jones, his executors, administrators, and assigns,

do and shall at the request in writing of the said trustees, any

seven or more of them, under their hands and seals execute or

grant a lease of a ferry and right of establishing a ferry over the said river Anna Liffey, opposite or near to the said Marine nurlery,

for such term of years as he or they shall then have in the ferries

over the said river.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. And by that the lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens, of the said Iord Maror> city of Dublin, shall'upon the like request in writing, to be de- hcr not livered to the town clerk of the fame city, leal a like lease or above 70

J years,

grant to the said trustees, for such term of years as the said

trustees by such writing shall require, not exceeding seventy

years, and to commence from the expiration of the lease of the

laid ferries now in being and made to the said John Jones; rents re-

upon each of which leases shall be respectively reserved such

annual rents, payable respectively to the said John Jones, his ed,

executors, administrators and assigns, and the said lord mayor, summoned,

sheriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, during the said several and respective terms, as shall be adjudged and 3. c. 36.

awarded by a jury, to be summoned, impannelled, and sworn

in the same manner, and under the like penalties, and with the fame right of challenging to the parties, as is directed by this present act, and the said act of the third year of his present Majesty, respecting juries appointed for valuing grounds, through

which the said road is to pass.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ciu^"j*ort that the rents so to be reserved shall be charged upon and made terry toll, payable out of the tolls of the ferry, to be established at or near tft Jmmrj the said Marine nursery; and that the first annual payment of °£enrej"ir the said rent shall be made payable on the first day of January,

next after the said ferry shall be opened for passengers.

Vou XI. Z

9* Theseventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1777-8. that the said trustees, any seven ot more of them, shall seal and deliver counterparts of the said leases to the said John Jones, and cwmtCT^rta the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens of the said S«s'by city of Dublin respectively.

On am XV. be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

moittin nc- if the said John Jones, or the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, or citizens, shall neglect or decline to execute leases as leases, a right aforesaid for two months next after such request made in writ-«cfmted,5'f ing as aforesaid, that then and from thenceforth the said trustees byjwy'"1*3 shall have the ^ame r'£ht to establish a ferry, as if such leases were actually executed, , paying such rent out of the tolls of the ferry to,the said John Jones, and the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens respectively, during such time as the said ferry shall subsist, as shall be awarded by a jury in manner aforesaid;

15 Trustees

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, or l'nramtis that A shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, any after request fifteen ot more of them, after the execution of such leases as rnaqroftabhih or jn. j-w0 months after fijeh request in writing for

making the lame, to establish a ferry and ferry boats for carnages, horses, mules, and other cattle, and passengers.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, contract that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be for ground for authorized and impowered from time to time to treat, contract,

toll homes

with yards, and agree with the several owners, proprietors, occupiers, and iMfwT persons interested. in any lands, tenements, houses, buildings, square, by grounds, or hereditaments, through which any part of such pure ia e°r are hereafte[. to be made, or for any groundthatmay.be wanted for building,toll houses, with sufficient yards thereunto, not. exceeding one hundred feet square to each toll house, for the purchase thereof, or by way of annual rent for the fame, or otherwise, as the said trustees or any seven or more of them shall think fit, and to pay for the fame, and for any iofs or da-tion’r.'bfs mages, in such manner as in and by the said act of the third g. 3. c. 36. year, of his present Majesty is particularly directed and appointed: and also that it shall and may be lawful for all bodies politick, on^StU corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all powered to’ *n. trust, executors, administrators, guardians, commit*

tonrey, tees, and.other: trustees. whatsoever, for and on behalf of any infants, femes covert, lunaticks, idiots, Cestui questrusts, and for.all and every:perl«i:or persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized or poffdftd;ofj. or interested.in or in any wise entitled

to

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 91

to any such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or A.D. hereditaments, to treat with the said trustees, or any seven or i777r* more of them, for thepurchaseof such lands, tenements, houses, GKap. io< buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, and to convey the lame to such trustees, in such manner and fbrm as in and by the said act of the said third year of his present Majesty is directed and appointed, and that such trustees, or any seven or more of them, tmltea on in case of the neglect or refusal of such owners, proprietors, oc-cupiers, or persons interested as aforesaid, to treat or agree for the jur:«, «a-_purchase of such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, and andad-hereditaments, or any of them, or any part or parts of them, or any of them, in manner as in said act: of the third year of his byftdacu present Majesty is set forth, shall have full power and authority to summon and impannel juries, and to examine persons upon oath, and impose such fines on said jurors for their default, and to judge compensation by the verdict of such jury to such owners, proprietors, occupiers, or persons interested as aforesaid, by way of annual income, or otherwise as the said trustees shall direct, and to charge the fame, upon the tolls, and in such manner, and under such regulations, powers, and authorities, as in and by the said act of the said third year of his present Majesty is particularly set forth.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that after such annuity or annual rent shall be assessed by such aflufed nuy jury by way of compensation to such owners, proprietors, occupiers, or persons entitled to or interested in such grounds, houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it shall putia «r and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of ae"w-them, to sign, seal, and execute to such owner, proprietor, occupier, or person entitled by such verdict to such compensation, a deed or writing under their hands and seals, charging the said tolls of the said road with such annuity or annual rent, and shall cause the same to be delivered or tendered to such owner, proprietor, occupier, or person interested in said grounds, houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to his or their -own agent or agents, or to be left at his or their known usual: place or places of abode, dwelling, or residence.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the tender or delivery of such deed in mam>

ner aforesaid1 all such houses, buildings, and tenements, lands pent of truf-hereditaments, and premises, mentioned and specified in the said verdict, shall be the foie and absolute property of the said trustees; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the find' trustees;

1 any

p 2 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

any seven or more of them, by themselves, their workmen, or 1777-8- agents, to pull down all such houses, buildings, and tenements, Chap. io. and to lay the ground whereon the fame were erected, and also such other grounds, lands, or hereditaments as aforesaid, or such. down build- part thereof as they shall think fit, into the said road} and to into th"roa5, do all and every such act, matter, and thing, with relation to will in, iands tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or heredita-

ditch, and * . & ° 1 '

fence, ments, and to wall in, ditch, drain, and fence out the fame, in such manner as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, thenceforth a shall think fit for carrying this act into execution and said ground so secured and inclosed shall from thenceforth become and be a common highway to all intents and purposes what/o-repairedas w> an^ shall repaired and kept in repair, in such manner herein. as herein before and herein after is authorized and directed.

Rent paid XX- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that half yearly by the said annuities or annual rent, so to be agreed for or ailefled ’ as aforesaid, shall be paid from time to time, as the same shall become due, by half yearly payments by the treasurer or treafu-rers of said road, the first payment thereof to begin and to be made within six calendar months next after such ground shall be. fame inte- taken by the said trustees as aforesaid; and such person and per-. aWnthe"'5 ^ons flia'd during the continuance of this act have the fame ground, estate and iiiterest in such annuities or annual rents, as they would have had in the said ground, in case this act had never been made j and in default of payment thereof within thirty days after the same shall become due (being demanded of the treasurer. or treasurers for the time being) it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons, who shall from time to time be entitled to the said annuities or annual rents, or any of them, to commence or prosecute one or more actions at law on the case or in debt, against the treasurer or treasurers of the said roads on account of the said annuity or annual rent, and shall or may upon such action or actions recover the money then due, together with, his or their full costs of suit, and have such remedy for the fame, as are allowed by law in other cases; which said money and costs so recovered, when paid, shall be allowed to such treasurer in his account with the said respective trustees.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

Permuting r i r

passage near. if any person or persons whatsoever, owning, renting, or occu-tumpitcs, pying any land near unto any turnpike erected or to be erected Penalty io>. in pursuance of this or the said former acts, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise wittingly or willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, passage, or way

with

oft nonpayment 30 tlays, recovered with lull co/ls in case or debt against treasurer.

The feveitfeenth and eighteenth years George III. 93

with any coach, herlin, calafli, chafe, or chair, waggon, wain; A.D. cart, caxr, or carriage, or riding or driving any horse, mare, 1777.8. gelding, mule, or afs, or any sort of cattle, and be thereof Chap. 10. convicted upon oath before the said trustees, any seven or more t^v^' of them, or before any one justice of the peace for the county or county of the city of Dublin, shall forfeit and pay so the trustees authorized to put this act into execution the sum of ten shillings, to levy by dill refs and sale of the offender's goods by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace, or under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, rendering the overplus to the owner, if any be, the charges of taking and di fpofing of such goods being first deducted.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Side gate* that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or "na,^’.°na any fever, or more of them, to credit one of more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, toll house and tolUioufes, on the fide of the

laid roads, or across any way or lane leading out of the said roads, and there to receive and take such toll, as is appointed by this act to be taken, so as the fame do not extend to any of the great roads now leading into the city of Dublin, nor to create a double charge in case of passing through any other of the turn- roads into pikes, erected or to be erected by virtue of this act between the ^’double city of Dublin and any of the adjacent counties. dl"*e-

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Coiieflors every collector of the tolls of the said roads, appointed or to be mo,ctijy"on appointed pursuant to the said acts, shall on the first Tuesday of 0,t,'> every month, or oftner if required, during the continuance of

this act, give in a true and perfect account in writing upon their respective oaths of all money received by them respectively for or on account of the tolls of the said roads; which oath the treasurer and treasurers of the said roads are hereby impowered respectively to adrainifier; and if any such collector or collectors Peijurr shall swear falsely in making such affidavit, he and they shall up- pumlh,d-on conviction thereof suffer all the pains and penalties of a person, who, shall be convicted of committing wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Salma at that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at any ge- t'Ilcralboar<1’ neral board, to be held in pursuance of this act, shall and may

order and allow to the treasurer, collectors, receivers, or to any overseeroroverseers of the said roads or footpaths, any compensation by way of annual salary, or otherwise, that they, or

94 Tfc feoenteenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

any seven or more of them, in their discretion shall think fit, not 1777-8. exceeding forty pounds sterling to such treasurer by the year 5 Chap. 10. twenty pounds sterling by the year for each collector or receiver of the tolls; and the sum of eighteen pence in the pound for not above 40]. every sum that shall be expended by any overseer or overseers in

collectors ' r , i i

20l. each, the making or repairing such roads and foot paths.

I(°^

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, expended, that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall have 7 may onier power from time to time to order any sum or sums of money, x'oMtm? not exceeding at any one time fifty pounds sterling, for appre-ifrobwi^ o! hendllis and prosecuting to conviction any person or persons who maiming. shall be guilty, of robbing or maiming any person or persons on said roads, and shall order such sum and films to be paid by the treasurer out of the tolls of the said roads.

No grant at

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, road'tiu'atn'-'1 no money shall be granted at any board for the making or davit by i of repairing of any part of the said roads or foot paths, unless it perduKceffa- shall appear by the affidavit of two credible persons, who can ry> read and write, before some justice of the peace for the county or county of the city of Dublin, or before the said trustees at their said board, which oath the said justices and said trustees are hereby impowered to administer, that such a sum is necessary to make or repair so many perches of the said roads or foot paths at the rate of so much by the perch, and that a smaller sum will not be sufficient to repair or make the fame}, and that no money shall be paid by the treasurer to any overseer of said roads, unless such overseer shall deliver to such treasurer an affidavit, sworn before a board of said trustees, (which oath such trustees are hereby impowered to administer) that the said sum hath been faith-r,or pay- salty and honestly expended in making or repairing so many

roenttojwer- perches of said roads or foot paths, and for his wages at not it at expen- more than eighteen pence for each pound, so expended in making count ondaC" or ^pairing said roads or foot paths, and that he did attend oath. said work diligently and carefully, and shall also produce an exact account of the number of men, hories, and carts, or cars, employed each day at the said work, and shall swear to the truth of said account.

7 to meet

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that and adjourn. {]lc fa-1(j trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may meet at such days and places within the city or county of the city of Dublin, or any other place convenient to said road, as by them, or any seven or more of them, shall from time to time be appointed, and shall adjourn their said meetings to such times and places

as

The Seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. pj.

as aforesaid, as they or siny seven or more of them shall from A.D. time to time think proper; and if it shall happen, that there shall 1777-8 not appear at any meeting, to be had and held by the said trustees,- Chap. 10. a sufficient number of such trustees to act at said meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in such case the treasurer by publishing notice in the Dublin Gazette dr some other pub- treasureno lick news paper at lead twenty days before the next meeting!dap before> shall appoint the said trustees to meet at the place, where the meeting of the said trustees was last appointed, or at (bme other convenient place near the said roads; and that the said trustees t>earU<oV at every meeting shall defray their ownexpences. ownexpences.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Vacancies that upon the death of any of the said trustees herein before Hifat named, or upon their resigning or refusing to act in such trust,

it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at their general board to elect another person in the room of such person so dying, resigning, or refusing to act, which person so elected shall be to all intents and purposes veiled with all powers and authorities necessary for carrying this act into execution.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, Materials that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or

any seven or more of them, or for any overseer, or other person sarllcn,> &c‘ or persons by them, or any seven or more of them, to be appointed at any general board, and for all persons employed by such over- seer or overseers, to dig for, raise, gather, take, and cariy away any gravel, sand, stones, or other materials, which may be wanted for the making, repairing, or preferring the said roads and foot paths, out of any grounds of any person or persons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a house, where such materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away such and so much of such materials, as shall be necessary for the making or repairing such roads and foot paths, or any other works to be carried on by said trustees, or any seven or more of them, paying neverthelefe p»r;ngii«-such damages to the owner or occupier of such ground as shall ""* be reasonable; and in case the said trustees, or the persons appointed by them to raise, dig', and take away such materials,

shall disagree about the quantum of such composition, that ascertamni then such damages shall be ascertained by three substantial house I’oidmad-' holders of the neighbourhood adjoining to the said place, where ‘ such materials are to be raised, one to be named by each of a juice, the parties, and the third by the next or any neighbouring justice i of

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

of the peace, who shall be sworn by such justice to be ap-1777-8. praifers of such damages to the heft of their (kill; which da-Chap. 10. mages so a/certained by the said appraisers shall be paid by fte treasurer of the said roads immediately upon producing a aPPfc^ writing signed by the said appraisers, ascertaining such damages; treasurer/ and if any person shall obstrufl: pr prevent the said trustees, or to'raisingor* the said overseexs, or the person or persons appointed by then) taking away as aforesaid, in digging for, railing, or carrying away &ch materials, such person shall upon conviction by the oath of one credible witness before any one justice of the peace for the county or county of the city of Dublin forfeit for eycry such offence a sum not excceeding five pounds, to be levied together with the charges attending the lame by distress and sale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of any one justice of the peace of the county or county of the city of Dublin.

Onmiifance,

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 201? wuhTbc that every person, who shall lay any dirt, dung, straw, fubbish, toftSr*'" a^cs» or t^e scouring of any ditches, or drains, or other filth, or any stones, or timber within forty feet of the centre of the said roads, or who shall burn any bricks or weeds, or build any lime kiln, or smiths forge, within two hundred yards of said roads, or pull down or injure any part of any bridge, toll house, foot path, gate, turnpike, post, milcftpne, finger poll, or any other thing belonging to the said roads or foot paths, or put any sign post, or May bush, or dig any ditch, pit, hole, or drain, or build any wall, or leave any carr or cart in the night time from fun set to fun rife, within thirty feet of the centre of the said roads, or leave the carcase of any horse, mule, aft, or other bead, or (kin any dead horse, mule, afs, or other beast, within one hundred yards of the centre of said road, or shall lead or drive any carr or cart with timber, boards, or iron lalhsd cross ways on such carr or cart, or ferape the gravel off any part of said road or foot paths, shall upon conviction by the oath of one credible witness before any one justice of the peace of the county or county of the city of Dublin, or upon the view of every such justice, for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of any one justice of the peace of said county, or county of the city of 7 may order Dublin, and also such timber, boards, or iron, to the person who abatement of shall seize the fame; and that the said trustees, or any sevenor &e. ’ more of them, may order any house or part of a house, lime

kiln,

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. $7

Itiln, smiths forge, wall, or ditch, hereafter to be built or made A.D. contrary to the intent of this act, to be pulled down, and that '1777-8. any person may take and carry away all such dung, dirt, straw, Chap. 10. allies, rubbish, and the scouring of ditches or drains, or other rubbish, tim-filth, stones, or timber, so laid as aforesaid, and apply the same to his own use without being sued or prosecuted for so doing.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No buiid-that no part of the land, which shall be purchased by the authority of this act for making any part of the said roads, or any toil houfo, part of the lands through which the said roads- shall pass, shall be made use of for the erecting of any building whatsoever, other than of such toll houses as are or may be erected by order of said trustees; and that no building whatsoever, except such . toll house, shall be erected within twenty five feet of the said road g0, uMs on either fide, and that no building whatsoever, except houses whose walls shall be seventeen feet high at the lealt, and built or brick, with stones, or bricks and lime, mortar, and well falhed and ortar,"ftfli-ilated, shall be erected within eighty feet of the said road onalamI('atcl1, either fide: and that no part of the said road shall be paved without a licence first obtained for that purpose under the hands »ot pa«d and seals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them j ^‘nc"u and if any such buildings shall be hereafter erected contrary to huil<1'"s51

0 . contrary pul*

the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall and may be led down, lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to order the same to be pulled down 5 and that no person keeping an uW; inn, ale house, or house of . publick entertainment, or who shall can to hold sell ale, wine, brandy, or other spirituous liquors, shall be ca- p'aK-pable of taking, holding, or enjoying any place of trull: or profit under this act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that if any person shall ride or drive any horse, beast, or cattle iiririifg".* on the foot path of said roads, such person upon conviction by footi,atM«. the oath of any one credible witness before any one justice of the peace of the county, or county of the city of Dublin, or upon the view of such justice, for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the horse, beast, or cattle so ridden or driven on such foot path; and that one moiety of all forfeitures and pecuniary penalties to be inflicted by this act shall go to the prolocutor «uor with with full colls, and the other moiety to the governors of the house of’iii-J house of industry for the county of Dublin. <lullr>'

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, j,n;Wsfor that his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county and county

Vo i. XI. Ilb ofcrli,"',ow‘

98 TheSeventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

of the city of Dublin, may be impowered to put this act into 1777-8. execution, so far as relates to them, and to administer the feve-r«d oaths herein before directed to be taken within their juris-of Tendets dictions; and that if any person, convicted of any offence by comraitted’to *kis ^tj.shall not be able to pay the penalty, he or she has in-tnrd labour curred, it shall be lawful for the justice and justices of the peace, mmtu" 3 before whom such person was convicted, to fend.such person to the work house, house of industry, or house of correction of the county or county of the city of Dublin, there to remain at hard labour for such time as the said justice or justices shall think proper, not exceeding three months.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

foi^'ng1"7’ that every person, who shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt per-

naran, pu- jury or of false affirming, or of forging or counterfeiting the nished»«wil-' }’ c , b f

fui pnjury. name of any justice of the peace or trustee, treasurer, collector, or overseer of said roads, and be thereof convicted by due course of law, shall incur the pains and penalties, which by law are enacted against wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the pifconbid authority aforesaid, that no gate, turnpike, or toll house shall FitzviiHiarn'i be erected or tolls paid upon any part of the road made by the cfent!h°,lt kte lord viscount Fitzwilliam between Rings end bridge and the road from Dublin to Donnybrooke without the consent of the present lord viscount Fitwilliam.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any fifteen

tabiiih ferry or moreof them, to establish a ferry boat or feriy boats for carriages near riages over the river Anna Liffey opposite to or near the Ma-j^"and Upar- rine nursery, and to make such convenient ways and passages Cages amide- and defences to such ferry boat and ferry boats, as the said fvuf-en"s’ tees, or any fifteen or iTiore of them, shall think necessary; pro-thcrirermiis vkkd no hich works or defences shall be carried within the pre-without con- sent walls of the said river without the consent of the pilot camnbteeT committee of the city of Dublin, or the majority of them, and to impower any person or persons to demand, receive, and tollbeforepaf ta^e following «tolls and duties, before any horse, mare, or sage, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chair, carr, cart, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pass over said feriy, that tie toil, is to say, for every horse, mare, or gelding, or other cattle, two pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calash, or chaifc, one shilling; for every two wheel chaise or chair six pence halfpenny; for every sedan chair three pence; for every four-wheeled cart with fix inch wheels four pence; for every two . wheeled

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George ID. 99

wheeled cart with fix inch wheels two pence; for every carr A.D. two pence; and for every person one penny; which said several 1777*8’ films of money shall be raised and levied by and vested in the Chap. 10. said trustees, and shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, and assigned to and for the establishing such ferry boat and ferry boats, and for making such convenient ways, passages, and de- establishfcny. fences to such ferry boat or ferry boats for the several uses,bMU’ &c‘ intents, and purposes, and under the several regulations herein before mentioned.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid 7 Trulteet that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, may borrow

money on the credit of the tolls to them granted by this act, and align a« and may apply the fame in defraying the expences of this act, [ntcreft half1 and carrying the fame into fall execution, as herein before mentioned, and may assign over the said tolls or any part thereof by writing under their or any seven or more of their hands and seals for any time or term, during the continuance of this act, as a security for any sum or sums of money to be advanced orient to them on the credit thereof, payable to such person and persons who shall lb lend the fame, with such rate of interest not exceeding the legal interest by the hundred, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, by writing under -their hands and seals promise or agree to pay for the said money lo to be borrowed on the credit of the said tolls, which interest shall be paid half- yearly by the treasurer of the said road according to the agreement of the said trustees or any seven or more of them as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- T,n con_ said, that the several tolls and duties hereby granted shall take tinned 41 place and have continuance from and after the first day of . May

in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight for and during the term of forty one years.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it farther enacted by the Nopliceor authority aforesaid, that no person or persons, appointed or to Proflt to truf* be appointed trustees for putting this act into execution, shall have or accept of any place or profit, arising out of or by reason of the toll or duty by this act laid or granted, but such person or persons shall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy such place or profit of acting as a trustee.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Sni(j for if any salt shall be commenced against any person or persons acting in 6 for any thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every such ,no,th,

case

ioo The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

case the action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar 1777-8. months, next after the fast shall be committed, and not after.

wards, and shall be laid in the county of the city of Dublin, ty of city, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such ac. may'pleadge- tion or actions shall and may plead the general issue, and give ncraiiffue.&c. this act and the special matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act} and if it shall appear to have been done, or that such action or suit was brought after the time so limited as aforesaid, or in any other county or place than in the said county of the city of Dublin, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants} and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment shall be given against die plaintiff, the and have defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and treble cofti. jjave the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

A publick'

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid sft- that this act shall he deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XI.

An act for continuing and amending an act passed in tbs fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, an act to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punifi offenders calld chalkers.

ij&i+g XylT WHEREAS divers profligate and evil disposed persons have 3.C. 45. of late with knives or other offensive weapons cut and stabbed, or with'pistols have wounded, or attempted to wound, by firing, shooting, and discharging the fame, many of his Majesty's subjects either with an intent to murder, rob, or maim, or merely with a wanton and wicked intent to disable or disfi-gurethem: and whereas the laws now in force to prevent wanton, wilful, and malicious maiming and wounding, are found not to be sufficiently effectual to deter such evil disposed persons from the aforesaid wicked and barbarous practices: for the prevention therefore of the like mischiefs, and as a further remedy,

be

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. ioi

be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with A.D. the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and temporal, and 1777-8. common's in this present Parliament assembled, and by the autho- '

rity of the fame, That if any person or persons after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, with any knife or other offensive weapon shall wilfully, wantonly, and maliciously cut or stab, w;t|, knife or with a pistol or pistols, or other fire arms wound or attempt to wound, any person or persons in the face or head, or in any or stab, or

, , / with pistol or

limb or member, or in any part of the body, with intent m fire aims so doing to murder, rob, or maim, or with an intent to disable \ or Jt'

0 7 7 J tempt to

or disfigure him, her, or them, the person or persons so wan- wound with tonly, wilfully, and maliciously cutting or stabbing, or with a muui,.r) roi,t pistol or pistols, or other fire arms, wounding, or attempting to Jjf a°j_ wound, their counsellers, aiders, and abetters, knowing of and ersandabet-privy to the offence as aforesaid, be on conviction thereof declared and adjudged to be felons, and shall fuller death as in cases of felony, felony without the benefit of clergy, or any statute; and that the bodies of such persons, as shall be executed by virtue the bodies of this act, shall be delivered to the chirurgeons of the cityanatomy"* of Dublin, or one of them, or to the professor of anatomy in Trinity professor. College near Dublin, to be by them difle&ed or anatomized.*

II. Provided, That no attainder of such felony shall extend to Nocorrup-corrupt the blood, or forfeit the dower of the wife, or the lands, 0°forfeiture, goods, or chattels of the offender or offenders.

III. Provided also, That this act shall continue in force for four Continued years from the twenty fourth day of June next.

t7S9,by 19 & 20 G. 3.

CHAP. XII. o.ts. c.

An Act for incorporating the Charitable Musical Society for lending out Money Interest free to indigent and indufrious Tradesmen,

WHEREAS in the city of Dublin and suburbs thereof, there arc always a great number of industrlous tradefinen, who from their extreme poverty are unable to support themselves and families,*when visited by sickness or any other calamity, and are often incapable of earning to themselves a livelihood for want of money to buy materials and other necessaries for carrying on their respective trades; whereby Vox,. XI. C c several

Sentence on conviction under this act to be immediately passed, and execution next day but one after, unless court fee reasonable cause for portioning it.

102

The sevenieenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

several of that useful class of men have perished, and their fa-1777-8. milies been reduced to beggary and become a burthen to the publick: for remedy whereof a voluntary society was instituted Avoiun- in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, for the inftmiuifL purpose of lending out money interest free to indigent tradesmen: 175S for_and whereas the good effects of the said institution were so ra-dis-ent tndtf- pidly and powerfully felt, that large sums were collected, and men interetl many persons of quality and distinction contributed largely to the aid and support of the said charity, whereby several thousand families were relieved in the space of a few years: and whereas great benefits are likely to arise from such institution to the kingdom of Ireland in general, and to the city of Dublin in particular, by considerably encreasing the number of inhabitants therein, and promoting the trade and manufactures thereof, whereby the inhabitants of said kingdom will be more able to

contribute to the increase of the revenue, and the support of the establishment, and it might greatly promote the good ends aforesaid, if corporations of the like kind were established in the different manufacturing counties and market towns of this kingdom: and whereas divers persons are willing to contribute large sums of money for the good cutis and purposes aforesaid, but the said voluntary society are not capable in law of taking or receiving such contributions, or of carrying their good intentions effectually into execution, unless they be incorporated by an act of Parliament, with such clauses, powers, jurisdictions, and authorities, as are usual in such like cases: be it therefore en-

’ acted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the au-governors thority of the same, That the lord lieutenant or chief gover-auT'n'urpo- n.ors °I Ireland, the lord primate, the lord chancellor, the rated. lord archbishop of Dublin, the speaker of the house of commons, the lord chief justice of the King’s bench, the lord chief justice of the common pleas, and' the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, the right honourable William Randall earl of Antrim, Richard earl of Cavan, George Earl of Tyrone, Briu-fley earl of Lanelhorough, Richard ellrl of Shannon, James earl of Clanbraffill, James earl of Charlemont, Charles earl of Bellamont, Robert earl of Roden, Henry earl of Ely, Edward earl of Aldborough, Charles lord viscount Ranelagh, Richard

lord- viscount Powerfcourt, Harvey lord viscount Mountmorrcs, Stephen lord viscount Mount Calhell, Thomas George lord vil-,count Southwell, the right reverend Charles lord biQiop of Cloyne,

Ilaac

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years a/" George III. 103

Isaac lord bishop of Cork, Joseph lord bishop of Ferns, the right A D. honourable John Joshua lord baron Carysfort, Edward Michael 1777"7®' lord baron Longford, John lord baron Annaly, Simon lord baron Irnham, the right honourable Hercules Langford Rowley,

Thomas Adderley esquire, Richard Longfield esquire, Richard Townshend esquire, Sydenham Singleton esquire, William Meade Ogle esquire, Robert Longfield esquire, Charles Craven esquire,

Arthur Craven esquire, fir Thomas Clackall knight, the lord mayor, recorder, and sheriffs, of the city of Dublin for the time being, Luke Gardiner esquire, George Putland esquire, Mark Synott esquire, William Smyth esquire, Nathaniel Cavenagh esquire, and Francis Heath esquire, be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed governors, and such others as shall from time to time be elected in the manner herein after directed, to be mmol, one body politick and corporate for ever in deed and in name by the name of the Charitable Musical Society for lending out money interest free to indigent tradesmen, and by the fame name to have perpetual succeslion, and to purchase, have, take, receive, and maypur-enjoy to them and their successors for ever lands, tenements, f y^'000'-hereditaments of whatsoever nature or kind, not exceeding in the whole the clear yearly value of one thousand pounds, and also all manner of goods and chattels of what value soever, and by the fame name to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, ami do all answered and be anfivered unto in all courts and places what- aal°rate soever within this kingdom in all suits, plaints, and demands whatsoever; and they and their successors may have a common seal, such as they shall think proper, for the use of the said corporation; which it shall and may be lawful for them and their successors to change, break, alter, or make new front time to time, as they shall think fit.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation and their fucccflfors for ever shall have one prefulent, three vice presidents, one trea-fitrcr, one secretary, and one register j and that the lord lieutenant for the time being flialhalway be the president, and the earl of Landborough, lord viscount Ranelagh, and lord viscount Mountmorres, be the three first vice presidents, and Arthur Craven esquire the first treasurer, and Thomas Blackall knight the firfh secretary, and Mr. Benjamin Higgins the first register to the said corporation, each to continue in their respective offices from the time of passing this act until the second Tuesday in November following, unless the said respective places, or any of them, become vacant before that time by death, deprivation, resignation, or otherwise, or until others be chosen in their respective rooms.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and mny he lawful to and for the said president, vice presidents, treasurer, secretary, and register, ami the rest of the members of the said corporation also above named, or as many of them as conveniently can, within forty days next after the day of the nailing of this act to meet together at such time and place as the said president

Cc 2 or

104 Yhe seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 12

3 dated general meetings every year,

others as 5 appoint,

at November meeting, 7 present,

3 vice prefi-tlents eie&ed for. 1 year. Sic.

5 at meeting to atlminiller naths, and examine as to the charity.

7 at November meeting to elc& officers, for year, Sic.

or any one of the said vice presidents shall appoint by summons, which the said president, or any one of the said vice presidents, are hereby impowered and required timely to aiTue for that purpose to the said members, or such of them as live within the city or liberties of the city of Dublin, where they, or the major part of them then present, may nominate, elect, and chuse new members, fill up vacancies in ofliccs, if any shall happen, chuse such clerks and other inferior officers and servants, as shall be thought ncccifiry or useful for the said corporation, to serve in said offices, until the second Thursday in November following, unless they shall sooner die, resign, or be removed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there he every year three stated general meetings of the said corporation within the Liberties of the said city of Dublin, to wit, on the second Thursday in November, the first Thursday in March, the first Thursday in June every year, and as many other general meetings, and at such times, as the said corporation or any five or more of them shall appoint; and that at the general meeting on the second Thursday in November in all times coming, or, in case of any emergency-preventing their meeting on that day, then the next meeting, seven at the leaf! being then present, whereof the president or one of the vice presidents to be always one, shall be elected three vice presidents to continue in their respective offices for one year, and until others be elected in their room, unless such vice presidents shall sooner die, be deprived of, or resign his or their respective offices.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governors at any of their meetings, five at leaf! being present, to administer oaths, and to examine in the most solemn manner such persons, as they shall think proper, touching the affairs or management of the said charity.

VI. And be '.it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any seven of them, whereof the president or one of the vice presidents to be always one, to elect on the second Thursday in November in all future time, or, in case of any emergency preventing the meeting on that day, then at the next meeting, which one of the vice presidents, and seven at lead of the said corporation shall have it in their power to appoint a treasurer, secretary, and register, and all such other officers and servants as they shall think needful for the said corporation; and the perfous so chosen shall continue in their respective offices until the second Thursday in November in the year following, and until others shall be chosen in their rooms, unless such persons so chosen, or any of them, shall sooner die or be removed from or resign their respective offices.

4

VII. Be

The seventeenth ami eighteenth yedrs of George IE' 105

VII. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A.D. the said corporation or any ten of them, whereof the president 1777-8* or one of the vice presidents to be always one, shall have full Chap. 12. power to remove any treasurer, secretary, register, or any other officer or servant belonging to the said corporation; and that »"«»

Upon any vacancy by the death of the treasurer, secretary, register, and other officers or servants, or by the resignation or removal of them or any of them, the said corporation shall have 7 »-full power at any time to cliul’e others in their places, seven Saoihcn.' members at least being present, whereof the president or any one of the vice presidents to be one.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that On prefiat all general meetings, in case of the absence of the president the ift'vice vice president first named in the lift of the vice presidents then P"<‘'ient

chairman,

present mail be the chairman of the said meeting, and have a withcifti* calling voice in case of equality of votes; and in case the pre-vo,c'* lident and all the vice presidents shall be absent, the said corporation, or any five or more of them, shall have power to ap- ifaiui.-point one of the members then present to preside for such time; and all acts done or orders made, whilst the person so appointed rent appoint-presides, shall be as valid and effectual, as if the president or vicecd' presidents had presided.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 7 mare]fa the said corporation, or any seven or more of them, whereof the meml,e,* president or one of the vice presidents to be one, shall have full

power to elect such persons to be members of the said society, as they shall judge proper 5 which persons from time to time elected shall be deemed to all intents to be members of the said corporation, as if herein particularly named.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Bye !>wi

the said corporation at any time of the three stated general meet- meet;ng, not insts before mentioned, and at no other meetings, seven mem- to

0 . r 1 r *aw* COft*

bers at least being present, whereof the president or one of firmed, 7 pre-the vice presidents to be one, shall have full power to make ^at> such bye laws, rules, and ordinances for the good government of the said corporation, as they shall judge meet and convenient; provided that such bye laws be not repugnant to the laws of Ireland, and that the fame be confirmed by some succeeding general meeting, at which seven at least of the members shall be present, whereof the president or one of the vice preiidents to be one; and that the fame method shall be observed in the altering foo,n!. or repealing such bye laws rules, and ordinances, after they ®r shall be so made and confirmed.

V01. XI. D d

io5

And leaks 3 lives or 31 years, not in tc-verlioo,

at bell rent,

without

sint,

half yearly.

Ltafes referred to com* mfctee, reported proper, by indenture.

powers of distress and rtf-entry, Evidence in all courts.

5 at meeting to lend interest free not tinder 403. oor a* bove 5l. to one, on borrower’s note.

' Gifts to the society vested in the corporation,

paid to their treasurer.

on not repaying loan treasurer may fuc.

The fevetiteenth and eighteenth years of Georgfc ID.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any seven of them, whereof the president or one of the vice pre-fidents to beone, at any of the said stated general meetings to make or execute leases of any lands or tenements belonging'to the said corporation for any term not exceeding three lives if for lives, and if for years not exceeding thirty one years, to commence and take effect in possession, and not in reversion, or by way of future interest; upon which lease shall be reserved during the continuance of the said lease the best yearly rent, that can be got for the fame, without fine, gratuity, or other reward, which rent shall be made payable half yearly on the two usual feasts of the year, on which rents are made payable.

XII. Provided always, that the leal of the said corporation shall not be affixed to any lease, which has not been referred to a committee, who shall report, that the lease under consideration is a proper one, and is by deed indented, and that it contains the usual powers of distress and re-entry for nonpayment of rent; which lease, so made under the seal of the corporation, shall be read as evidence in all courts of record without any further proof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said Corporation, or any five of them, at any general meeting shall have power to lend such sum or sums of money interest free to such person or persons, as they, shall think fit, not less than forty shillings nor more than five pounds, to any one person at any one time, to be repaid at such times and in such sums and proportions, as they shall think reasonable; for which sums so borrowed notes shall be passed by the borrower mentioning the terms of the loan.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all such sum or sums of money, as have been hitherto subscribed or bequeathed to the charitable musical society for the purpose of lending out money interest free to indigent tradesmen within the city of Dublin and liberties thereof, shall vest in the corporation aforesaid, and by any order from them, or any seven or more of them, whereof the president or one of the vice pre-lidents to be one, may be paid to the treasurer hereby appointed or any future treasurer, whose receipt shall be deemed and taken as a sufficient discharge and acquittal for the fame; and in case any sum of money lent by virtue of this act be not repaid pursuant to the terms of the loan, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said treasurer or any future treasurer in'his own

name

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. I6j '

name to sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of this A.D. kingdom. 1777-

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in Chap. 12. case of the office or place of any one or more of tire vice presidents, v"o^racan<:y or any one or more of the members of the said corporation for the time being, or of any person that shall hereafter be chosen a member of the said corporation, or of any of the officers or servants of the said corporation, shall happen to become vacant by death, deprivation, refigtiation, or otherwise, then the remaining and surviving members of the said corporation shall not only continue and remain incorporate by the name aforesaid to all intents, constructions, and purposes, but it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, or any seven of them, whereof one of the vice presidents to be one, and they are hereby required, to meet for that purpose within the space of days, after notice that such vacancy has happened, to elect a new vice president or vice presidents, and to elect members, officers, and servants of the said corporation in the room of the vice president or the members of the said corporation, who shall die, be removed, or resign as aforesaid,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Account* the said corporation shall cause fair accounts in writing to be l'pt' kept in books prepared for that purpose of all receipts and payments, and of all loans and other doing and transactions of,

* " |}y members

the said corporation, and of their officers and agents respectively, orsubsetiber*, to be viewed and inspected by any of the members of the cor- &c> poration, or by any subscriber or subscribers, benefactor of bene-nefadtors, upon any occasion, which accounts shall be examined, audited, and subscribed upon the seventeenth day of November or 14- day* in every year or within fourteen days after by the said corporation, or any seven of them, whereof the president or one of the vice presidents to be one.

XVII. And in order to make the good effects of the said cha- To appoint rity as extensive as possible throughout the kingdom of Ireland j?ki. be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may terms in ma* be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any seven of them, "ounn'csl of whom the president or one of the vice presidents to be one, to market appoint such person or persons, as they shall think proper, by instrument under their hands and the leal of the said corporation, thereby empowering them to receive Contributions, and lend

out such sum or sums of money interest free, as they shall think proper, not less than forty shillings nor exceeding five pounds, at any one rime, upon the like terms of payment as before mentioned.

beepre-legular ac-CDUOtSf

on nonpay* ment fire by civil bill or otherwise*

the appointment

fo8 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

tioned, to any person throughout the different manufacturing 1777-8. COUnties and market towns in this kingdom.

ChafW2.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Andrcccnc persons, fb appointed under the seal of the said corporation, tft>Mtlbtt* -shall have power of receiving contributions and benevolencies Jcntto the *n t^e ^1^erent counties or towns, wherein they are appointed indigent and as aforesaid; and that the benefactions and contributions, given there1113 *n each county or town, shall be lent out to the indigent and industrious manufacturers resident in such county or town; and that the persons acting under such appointment shall keep regular books of account of all sums. which they shall receive, and of all sums of money lent by them, and the terms upon which transmitted ^ums are lent > which accounts, fairly transcribed, shall be once a year, transmitted once in each year to the said corporation for their in-spection; and that the persons so appointed shall (on nonpayment of any money borrowed from the corporation, and lent by them) have full power and authority to sue for such sum or sums of money by civil bill or othewife, as they shall think most adviseable, and that producing the appointment under the seal of the corporation, without any other proof of its being the seal of the corporation, and inderfeai, the proving the money to be advanced or lent, either by producing ncffejcvl-' the note of the party, or othewife by sufficient witnesses, shall dSt'and be evidence of the debts b'^.ig due, and sufficient to put the jut defend- defendant to the proof of his having repaid or satisfied the fame of^payment, pursuant to the terms of the agreement; and that the persons so appointed appointed shall have it in their power to chuse a treasurer and maychufc clerk from time to time; and that such treasurer may bring such do*. civil bill or action in his own name without naming any of the own name*bl3 corPoration or °ther substitutes as plaintiff in any action.

XIX. Provided always, that no substitute so appointed shall take any fee or reward for executing the office aforesaid; and that no treasurer, clerk, or other person employed by them, shall be intitled to or receive any salary, fee, emolument, or reward for discharging the duty of his or their offices respectively, exceeding a yearly salary of two pounds ten shillings-, and that the corporation aforesaid, or any seven or more of «anqr"of sub- them, of which the president or one of the vice presidents to he one> upon the death, disability, removal, or resignation of any substitutes, or officer, or servants appointed by such substitutes or officer, shall have power to appoint, new ones to fill the places of and remove substitutes or officers, or any of them, and from time to «n milbtha- time to remove any of them for misbehaviour, disability, or any other cause, which shall appear sufficient to them, or any seven

or

No fee to substitute,

no salary totreasurer, Jcc. above 2l. ios.

7 may elect. on va-

\iuur, & c.

the seventeeiith and eighteenth years of George DL

or more of them, of which the president or one of the vice preiidents to be one.

XX. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said corporation, or any i'even or more of them, the said president or one of the vice presidents to be one, may and are authorized to order, that Arthur Craven esquire, the present treasurer, may be reimbursed and paid out of the fund belonging to the said corporation, noiv in the bank of Messieurs William Gleadowe Newcomen and company, such colls and expences, as it shall appear to them, he hath been put to or suffered on account of the said charity, and likewise to order that ail arrears, which are at present due to the clerk, bailiff, or other persons, who were employed in collecting the contributions to the said charity, and lodging the fame in the bank, shall be paid, according as the labour- and trouble of such person appears to them to deserve, and likewise to order such fnm of money to be paid, as shall appear to them to be reasonable, to reimburse the expences which may attend passing this bill into a law.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act.

IO9

A.D.

777

Treasurer

reimbursed*

arrears to collectors,&c. paid.

and expences of this act.

A publick act.

CHAP. XIII.

An act for establishing a militia in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS a well regulated militia would conduce to The King strengthen the civil power, and to protest the land -. there-fore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and millions to with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that his Majesty, his heirs and successors, ing militia or the chief governor or governors for the time being of this pl"" kingdom, may from time to time for or in respect to any county therein, wherein he or they may fee occasion lb to do, issue forth a commission or commissions of lieutenantcy and array to such person or persons, being protestants, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the chief governor or governors, shall think fit, to be deputy lieutenants, or commissionevs of array in and for liich county, wherein such occasion shall be thought to exist, for arraying the militia therein during his Majesty's pleasure according to the regulations of this act.

V 0 l. XI. E e

no Theseventeenth and eighteenth years of Xkorge III,

A.D. 1l. And in order to obviate any doubt, which might arise, be 1777-8. it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be Chap. 13. lawful at all times hereafter to and for all and every protestant dissenter and dissenters, who shall be duly appointed by the King’s appointed most excellent Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the chief STbya^G.’j. governor or governors of this kingdom, under and by virtue of ' this act, to be commissioner or commissioners of array for any county of this kingdom, or who shall be appointed in like manner to act and be an officer or officers in the militia of this kingdom, to qualify in such manner, as is directed by an act of parliament made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An act to make it lawful for his Majesty's fro-testant disfenting subjects of this Kingdom to accept of and bold com-r/uffions in the militia, and to ad in commission of array.

Majority of

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Kc" tit® lieutenant or lieutenants, governor or governors, of such tenant or go- county, together with such commissioners of array as aforesaid county pre- for any county, or the major part of them, whether the lieutenant mayarrayand or governori lieutenants or governors, of such county be present fimn into or not, shall have full power to chuse, enlist, arm, and array, protSants and form into companies, such or so many of the protestant in-k‘w"" ,8 habitants of such county between the ages of eighteen and fifty, as herein after is ordained.

Notice by

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that SiTSf'of as f°°n as such commissioners of array shall have been appointed appointing for any such county as aforesaid, the sheriff of such county shall oHmy,0"'" have notice sent to him thereof from the office of the principal secretary to the chief governor or governors for the time being, notice of and be directed to post in the most conspicuous place in every daytpoftcdm market town within his bailiwick a notice in writing of a meet-towT th<3 commissioners to be had in fourteen days from

ha assizes, the day of polling, at the court house, wherein the last general a clerk assizes for such county were held; and that the said commilli-mefting? oners or major part of them, when so assembled, shall chuse precept to a clerk or secretary, and shall at such their fall meeting issue conihbiei, their precepts to the several high constables of each barony or half barony within such county, commanding them respectively to issue their orders to the several petty constables of the several parishes, manors, or other places within' the said county, which precepts and orders the said high and petty constables are hereby required strictly to obey under the penalties to be inflicted by requiring to this act; and which first mentioned precepts shall command and ah prMciLnt re<lu*re the said high constables on some certain day appointed 3 by the fiventeenth and eighteenth years of George IE. m

by the said commissioners, and mentioned in such precepts A.D. respectively, to return unto the fad clerk or secretary a true and 1777-8. perfect lift of all the protestant male inhabitants, as well inmates Chap. 13. as housekeepers, at that time dwelling or residing within their ftsCCfi. respective districts, and between the age of eighteen and fifty, with their respective additions, occupations, and places of abode, twep 18 wd and to distinguish in every such return such of the said inhabitants as labour under any infirmity of body or mind, whereby such person is incapacitated to serve in the militia.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that con* every such high constable shall, within four days after the receipt day* worker of such precept, issue and direct to the petty constables of every parish, manor, or other place within the said barony, half ba- such lift in 14, rony or place, his order in writing signed by him, requiring the petty constables of every such parish or place to return upon oath to such high constable within fourteen days after the date of such order a true and exact list in writing of all the inhabitants required to be returned by the said precept, which is to be recited or copied in laid order; and that upon the foot of Oath by every lift so to be returned the following oath shall be made and affoot subscribed by every such petty constable making such return, dlcn:of* and shall be taken before a justice of the peace of the said county resident in such parish or place, if any such, and if no such, then before a justice of the peace resident in the parish next adjoining, which oath shall be in the words or to the effect following,

County of P 7 A.B. petty constable of

5 in the parish of in the said

county, make oath, that the foregoing is a true and faithful lift of all the male protestant inhabitants between the ages of eighteen and fifty, as well inmates as housekeepers, living and residing within the said farish, with their respective additions, occupations, and places of abode, to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief 5 and that I have truly distinguished therein all such persons, as I judge to be rendered by any infirmity of body or mind incapable to serve in the militia, with their particular cause and causes of such inability, to the best of my knowledge and belief and that have not for any cause or any motive or inducement whatsoever omitted to insert in the foregoing HJl the name of any male protestant inhabitant, whether inmate or boufekeeper, between the ages of eighteen and fifty, living or residing within the said parish, or in any manner knowingly misrepresented or untruly set forth the name, addition,

occupation,

i r 2 The fiventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

occupation, place of abode, rank, ftalion, age, disorder, complaintt 1777-8. capacity, or incapacity to ferae, of any such inhabitant, but that the Chap. 13 said lift is in all respeSs true to the best of my judgment, knowledget ' " 1 and belief.

High con-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that weektode- every high constable shall within one week after receiving such r«fit ^thth or retums deposit the fame with the clerk or secretary of clerk, with the said commissioners of array, with such affidavits as shall be ^hSTatrans. t^ereto respectively subjoined, together with a true transcript criptandoath of all the names, additions, occupations, places of abode, dif-atthefoot, ancj 0bfervation, contained in such lifts or returns,

and shall at the foot of every such transcript make and subscribe before the said clerk or secretary, who is hereby impowered to administer the same, the following oath, that is to say,

«onflable«.

Oathofhigh County of ) I A.B. high constable of the barony or half barony $ of make oath, that the

foregoing contains a true transcript of all the names of all the persons contained in the feverat lifts, which have been returned to me, of the protestant male inhabitants of the said barony between the ages of eighteen and fifty, together with the respective additions, occupations, places of abode, and other dftinSims and observatiom as therein and thereby made, and that I have not knowingly or wilfully omitted or misrepresented the name, addition, occupation, or place of abode, of any person, or any distinSlion or observation contained in any such lift.- and that I do not know or believe, there is any parish or part of parish within the said barony, (or half barony) for which no return is made, 'in the said lifts or one of them (except the parish of ) for which

no lift bath been returned to me, (in case any has been omitted.)

Parts of parishes for pur-pofcsof tills aft considered as in the barony where the parish church

Constablei, negltffting return or transcript,

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that where any parish shall happen to extend into more than one barony, then such parts of such parish, as ft) ail be in any barony, other than that wherein the feite of the parish church shall be, or the church for celebration of divine service, shall be considered as part of, and shall be and is hereby united to, the barony, wherein the feite of such parish church shall be, for the purposes of this act only, and no otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any high or petty constable shall neglect or omit to make

The Seventeenth and eigjiteenth years of George III. 113

make any return or transcript hereby directed and required, that A.D. then it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said 1777-8. commissioners, being justices of the peace for the county in Chap. 13. which such neglect or omission shall be made, upon complaint vTZHl-£ and proof on oath made thereof to impose such fine and fines 5on'fjustices

r ,__ ,_* . for the coun-

upon the person or persons, who shall appear to them to be iy, may fine guilty of a default in any of the matters so required touch- notal>ovcjo1' ing such returns or transcripts, as to such commissioners shall seem fit, so as any one of such fines shall not in the whole exceed the sum of fifty pounds; which fine or fines shall be paid to the treasurer of such county, and applied surer, as herein after di reded; provided always, that such fine or roni!t'd if fines so imposed may be remitted to such high or petty constable, daft, in case the return or transcript, hereby directed and required, shall be made within ten days, after such fine or fines shall be imposed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that . Returns r« every such clerk or secretary. of the said commissioners shall, Slftcrtd’ immediately after he shall receive such lifts or returns and transcripts thereof as aforesaid, enter ot cause to be entered in a

book, to be kept by him for that purpose, the names of all persons contained in such lifts or returns with their respective places of abode, additions, observations, and other distinctions distinguislt* according to such returns, distinguishing the several baronies, 1n"jjs,h'^ar0' half baronies, parishes and places, for which such return shall alphabets be made, and shall affix to such book an alphabet, wherein shall be alphabeted all such names, and also all such baronies, half baronies, parishes, and places, as shall be contained in the said returns, for the use and inspection of the said lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, appointed or that shall be appointed in pursuance of not!ce of this act; and shall immediately after such returns made to him turns to comas aforesaid give notice in writing to the said commissioners ficLnt" of array, then resident in the county, that he hath received such returns for the use and inspection of the said commissi- wh#mJyM oners; provided that if any person or persons shall think him- self or themselves aggrieved by any thing contained in or omitted out of such lifts or returns, and shall make the fame ap-,mcnded-pear to the said commissioners of array at any one of the two next meetings, the said commissioners of array shall direct such lifts or returns to be amended, as to them shall seem meet.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Any 3 in the commissioners of array appointed for any county in this kingdom, or any three or more of them, shall within sixteen turn to nuet

114 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

days after notice to them the said commissioners given by their 1777-8. said clerk, or secretary, that he hath received such returns, hold Chap. 13. a publick meeting at the county town at the court house, where v^Cn2i^ the last assises were held in and for the said county, at which to attend, a}) the high and petty constables of such county are hereby re-, quired to attend, (and of which meeting eight days publick notice in writing is to be polled up by the sheriff of the county in 8 days no- every market town in such county) and shall then and there market towns, after inspecting the returns aforesaid, and examining the said ing "idSty"* high and petty constables concerning the same, and concerning and conveni- the vicinity of the several protestant inhabitants so returned with tyfub-di-un' r'elpect to each other, and the places moll convenient to the said Tided, inhabitants to attend to be arrayed and exercised in puriiiance each dittria of this act, shall subdivide die wrhole county into such or so company^not many districts, as shall each of them be capable of furnishing under 20, of- witW convenience in point of number and situation a compa-

ficers include r ... . 4 . 1

cd> ny of militia, not less than twenty, commmion and non com-

returned to million officers included; and shall make a return to the chief c. governor, gOVernor or governors for the time being of such fub-division, and the number of protestants in each district capable of serving in die militia, distinguishing such persons as are qualified and willing to serve as officers of the said militia, and in what rank respectively s and shall certify to such governor or governors the district of such county, in which it is most necessary, that such companies should in the first instance be raised, if the he irt raised. number of companies, which government shall appoint to be raised in such county, shall not be equal to the whole number of districts.

No ed com-

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared K l>rffldlf’ by the authority aforesaid, that no district, in which a company one raised in' shall be so raised, shall have a second company raised therein, cac' until after every district in the said county shall have a company raised therein.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that such chief governor or governors shall and may, in one month after such return made to him or them, appoint and grant coin-millions to such and so many persons, willing and qualified as the T'n’r'clr" *iere^n after mentioned to serve, whether returned in such lifts or

lids or nut,

not, as shall be sufficient to compleat the number of officers necessary for the command of the militia in such county; that is i captain, to %> one captain, one first lieutenant, and one second lieute-rach1'"0’ nant> to appointed to each company, and one adjutant for pany,°°m each county only; and if.it shall happen, that any of the per-

i adjutant , fblli

each county,

and number of capable in each, didiuguishing officers and rank, tlidrtft'ccr-tified, in which most necessary to

Chief governor in i month after return shall grant commissions to

I

The seventeenth and eighteenth years o/ George III. 115

fons so commissioned shall die or remove out of such county, or A.D. resign his commission, or be removed therefrom, then and so of- 1777"?* ten such chief governor or governors shall and may appoint so Chap. 13. many officers as aforesaid, as shall become so deficient j provided, that no person except the governor or governors, and deputy P°lutetltm governor or governors, who shall be appointed an officer in the no officer-said militia, shall, whilst he continues an officer thereof, be a commissioner of array therein. acommanon-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; " ° amy‘ that the said chief governor or governors 111 all cause notice to be , JdeAof given to the clerk or secretary of the commissioners of array of«p- ‘ the persons, so appointed officers in the militia for the said coun- number of* ty, together with the number of companies to be raised in each jXiaTiu & county, and the particular districts in which such companies which raised, shall be raised.

XIV. Provided,-that the whole number of such militia shall Not under not in any one county, wherein any militia shall be raised, be

less than one hundred, nor more than five hundred; save only ill oNc colmtr> the county of the city of Dublin, wherein the number may cept ampunt to, and shall not exceed, one thousand men, and the DMn> ,000» county of the city of Cork, wherein the number may amount Ctrl, 600, to, but shall not exceed, six hundred men, and the county of the Limerick, city of Limerick, wherein the number may amount to, but shall 500, not exceed, five hundred men.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The cfcrt that such clerk or secretary shall immediately after receiving such

notice acquaint the commissioners of array therewith, who are nuiri0"'re> hereby required thereupon to appoint a day or days for the con- wi,0 dull vening of the several protestant inhabitants of the respective dif-tricts or subdivisions aforesaid . at the principal market town in at principal such subdivision, or such other town as shall be most in the (Xdivision centre thereof, and shall give seven days notice in writing to or mull in tll<! the protestant inhabitants of such district or subdivision of the 7 days no. place at and day in which the said inhabitants are so be so convened, by polling up such notice in every market town, and on the door of every church where divine service is performed within such district, to the end that every such inhabitant may have due notice of the place where, and the day or time when, they are to be convened.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Protestant that one or more of the deputy lieutenants or commissioners of TdiSvo. array, and one or more of the justices of the peace, redding in

such subdivision, or in the neighbourhood thereof, together and inrolied,

with

1

116 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

with the captain and lieutenants appointed for such division, 1777-8. shall attend at the time and place specified by the said last men-Chap. 13. tioned notice, and then and there inlist and enroll such orfo /"pwier ' many of the protestant inhabitants of the said district, as shall fberfiitc(t voluntajri,y °ffer themselves to be enlisted and inrolled, chusing ciS. 1' such men as they shall think the fittest, if a greater number shall so offer, than such company is to contain.

Not pit-

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person, whose name shall have been returned, and who name drawn, shall not be present at such meeting to answer to his name, fined zos. when so drawn, shall be fined in the sum of twenty shillings by the persons presiding at such meeting, or by any two or more unless oath of them; unless, it shall appear to the persons so presiding by of Mident testimony of one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, (which oath the persons so presiding are and every of them is hereby impowered to administer) that such person is by lick-ness or some other sufficient cause, to the satisfaction of the said persons presiding, prevented from attending personally at such aa.y meeting, or that he is exempted by this act from serving in the militia.

Volunteer*

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ever)r Pei'f°n. infilling in the said militia as a volunteer, fcijeant’s roll, shall immediately thereupon subscribe his name or mark to a roll, to be kept for that purpose by the serjeant of the company; and that so soon as every such company shall be so in-lifted, chosen, inrolled, and formed as aforesaid, the captain Dial! notice of give notice thereof to the secretary of the chief governor or go-formed y by vern0I<s for the time being, to the end that cloathing may k the captain to forthwith provided for the said company 5 that is to say, one nor'!fec'i"' short lkirted coat, one waistcoat, one pair of breeches, and one

ucloathing a meta^ button and cockade, for each private man;

proridtd.1 which cloathing is not in the whole for each private man to private*'*1 exceed the sum one pound twelve shillings, nor for each serjeant drummer, ri. the sum of forty shillings, nor for each drummer the sum of one Ifc.jcant,408. pound twelve shillings.

Each cap.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tain to ap- that the captain of each company of militia, to be raised in pur-drummer and fuance of this act, shall and may appoint for every company serjeant. one drummer and one serjeant; which drummer and serjeant to attend shall during their respective continuance in such stations constantly reside at such place or places, as the captain shall appoint,

and duly attend his orders, or in default thereof such captain

may

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George IQ. 117

may displace such serjeant and drummer, reljieftively, and ap- Ai D. point other or others in his or their room; 1777"*

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Chag^f it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief governor or chief <thi Parii-gov’cmors of this kingdom for the time being, by warrant un-

dor his or their hands, until provision- shall be made by parlia- outoftreafo-ment for the purposes of this act, to cause so much money to be iiTaed and paid out of his Majesty's treasury-to his Majesty's lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or- commissioners of array for every militia, county, in which a militia shall be raised by virtue of this act, as such chief governor or governors shall think necessary, to cloath iiicli militia in manner aforesaid; not exceeding the efti-niate herein before mentioned: and his Majesty's said lieutenant or deputy lieutenant shall accordingly provide such cloathing forthwith, and deliver the cloathing of each company to the captain of such company for the use of the said company.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; Amu, &c. that it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief governor- or of governors of this kingdom fop the time being to cause a number *»ti»capaiaj of arms and accoutrements, and a: sufficient quantity of ammunition; to be delivered out of his Majesty's stores in this kingdom

which arms, accoutrements, and ammunition, together with the cloathing necessary for such militia, shall be delivered to the captain of each company, such captain, first entering into-fecu- rity by recognizance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, be- on 500J. fore the chief baron of his Majesty's court of Exchequer for the reC0sm"DCC' time being, or any going judge of alfife, or before any two justices of the peace of the county where such captain resides, and-to be returned into the exchequer, in the fom of five hundred pounds to be accountable for the fame according to- the terms of this act. N

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,. Captain to that the said captain shall provide chests, wherein he (half keep the said arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, in some dry and secure

part of his house in separate chests; and stich captain is hereby Scicanfed

required to take care, that after exercise,- or other duty, where

cloathing and accoutrements shall be necessary, every militia, man

shall clennfe and return his arms; cloaths, and accoutrements.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,. Captu’mta rime as (oon as any body of militia, to be raised in pursuance of wEtpfcc* this act in any county in this kingdom, shall be provided with ^-n cloaths, arms, and accoutrements in manner herein- directed, it- ana ewreife,

118 The Seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

shall and may be lawful for the captains of each company of the 1777-8. fad militia of the said county to meet or assemble themselves to-Chap. 13. getker, and appoint such places in each district for the training ' and exercising the said militia, as shall be most convenient to the habitations of the officers and private men of the said company; at which places the company of such district shall be trained and exercised; provided, that no fuclt militia man shall be obliged to attend to be so trained and exercised for more than the Ipace of j8 days be- twenty eight days in the year, which shall be between the last tw«n Apnl jay of April and the first: day of August in each year, and alib

and August, 1 . ‘

2 any other for a time not exceeding two days m any other month m every month, year j provided that the number of said days, in which they shall not above be so trained and exercised, shall not in the whole exceed the 46 m a year, numjje£1 Qf forty jays jn each year, and that such attendance . , shall be at such time within the said period, as the captain of

appointed_, 1 1

by the cap- such company shall appoint.

tam. XXIV. Provided, that nothing herein shall extend to prevent

atmyt?m°eUt such captain or commanding officer from calling out his said for publick company or any part of it for the publick service at any time magistrate’a upon the authority of any magistrate for the purpose of pro-authority. tecting the peace, and enforcing the execution of the laws.

Names called

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

over at c«r- serjeant> or such other person as shall be appointed to train and discipline the said militia men, shall, at every time and place appointed for assembling such militia men for that purpose, call over the names of the men appointed to be then and there assembled and exercised, and shall, within two days after every such exercise certify in writing to the captain or lieutenant of such militia men the name or names of the militia men, that theabfent, may happen to be absent from exercise either at the time and mitoarai^ P^ace appointed> or during the time of exercise, or who shall certified in 2 depart without licence, together with the names of such militia men as shall he otherwise disobedient or misbehave; and any tenant, neighbouring justice of the peace, not being an officer comnuf-honed in the militia, is hereby impowered and required, upon proof made upon oath before him, within two days after such offence shall be committed, to fine every such absent militia man ift (whole excuse he may not think sufficient) for the first: time of wtoKai?' ^ein? k a^ent mY sum not exceeding two shillings; and if fined 2l. by a such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such fine, such mifitk’ofar, m'ditia man shall by order of such justice be set in the ftochJ on oath, for the space of one hour; and for the second offence such mi-payment, litia man, so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay four flock, hour, shillingsi

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 11 ()

(Iiillings; and if such militia man shall refuse to pay immediately A.D. such penalty, such justice of the peace, before whom such militia *777"^-man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall by warrant commit Chap. 13. such militia man to the house of correction or other prison or '£g^ce, place of confinement for four days; and for the third and every *s:t°rdc"m‘ other offence such militia man so convicted shall forfeit and pay days, six shillings; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, such justice of the peace, before whom such 1

militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall by warrant commit such militia man to the house of correction or other, prison for any time not exceeding one month, or until such penalty shall be sooner paid; and if any militia man shall be disabled by drunkenness at the time of his exercising, such militia dnmkennest man, being thereof convicted on oath before such justice of the fonedidayi^. peace, shall forfeit and pay ten shillings; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, such militia man shall be by order or warrant of such justice committed to the next prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding two days; and if any militia man shall' be disobedient or insolent to difotedience his officers, and be convicted thereof as aforesaid, such militia °os.no°rcotn-man shall for the first offence forfeit and pay twenty shillings; mittcJ7<ky,> and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, such justice of the peace, before whom such militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall by warrant commit such militia man to the house of correction or other prison for the space of seven days, or until he pays the said penalty, which shall first be j and for the third and every other offence such further of-militia man, so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay forty shillings; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay "<ler such penalty, the justice of peace, before whom such militia man awT shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall by warrant commit such montl1' militia man to the house of correction or other prison for any o time not less than fourteen days, nor exceeding one month, or until he pays the said penalty, which shall first be; and if any militia man shall fell, pawn, embezzle or lose any of his arms, cloaths, ammunition, or accoutrements, such militia man, being losing amt, thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay a sum bm^lnor not exceeding three pounds, nor less than the full value of the under full *» arms, cloaths, ammunition, or accoutrements so fold, loft, pawned, or embezzled; and if such militia man shall refuse Rfunng, immediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace, before whom such militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, able 3, stall by warrant commit such militia man to the house of correction,-

x 20 T'heseventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

tion, or other prison, for the (pace of one month, and until 1777-8. satisfaction be made for the fame,- and if he shall not be of abili-Chap. 13, ty to make such satisfaction, then for the space of three'months;

and if any1 militia man shall refuse or neglect to return his arms, i"E os’orfci cl°aths an^ accoutrements in good order to-his captain on the (Sd. or day of exercise, or the next day after he'(hall be licensed to de-comrmtted 7 pai-t> man, being thereof convicted as aforesaid,

shall for every such offence forfeit and pay two shillings and six-pence; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace, before whom such militia man shall be so cortvifted as aforesaid, shall by warrant commit such militia man to the house of‘ correction or other prison for the space' of {even days, or until he pays the said penalty, which shall firftbe; and if any militia man shall refuse or neglect to not return- return’his arms; cloaths, and accoutrements in good order to 1 qr his captain within one day after such general exercise by com-exercise or parties (Kail be fihiflied; or the fervicC, for which the same shall fcmce’ .5'or have been' delivered out; shall be finiftied or concluded; and be committed 14

days. thereof convicted as aforesaid, such militia'man shall forfeit and pay five shillings ? and if such riiilitiaman shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the jtlftiee of the peace, before whom such militia man shall be'so coiiViftedaS aforesaid, shall by war-

Non commissioned officer negligent or insolent, notabovcjoa. or committed 14 day* j

superior, if captain,' may difcKarge.

rant commit such militia man to the' house' of correction, or other prison for the space of fourteen days, or until he shall return such cloaths, arms, or accoutrements' in good order;

XXVI. And be it further enacted1 by the authority aforesaid, that if any non commissioned officer shall be negligent in his duty, or insolent or disobedient to the orders of his1 superior officer, and be thereof convicted as aforesaid1 upon the oath of such superior officer before orte or more justice or justices of the peace, such non commissioned officer shall forfeit and pay any film not exceeding thirty shillings at the discretion of such'justice or justices; and if such non commission officer (hall' refuse1 immediately to pay such penalty, the justice or justices of the.’ peace, before whom such non commission officer shall be focon-' vifted'as aforesaid, shall by warrant commit such non commifli-oti officer tb the house of correctiort or other prison for the space of fourteen-days; or until he pays the said penalty-, which- shall firft be; and such superior officer, being a captain, may dischdrge such non commission1 officer out of- t-he militia; if he shaft think fit-.

To buy dr

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the: authority aforesaid,' "S‘e«ms, that if any perfori shall kriowingly or Willingly buy, take in ex-'. &c. jl. ... change,

The seventeenth and eighteenth yean of George III. 121

change, conceal, or otherwise receive contrary to the true in- A.D. tent and meaning of this act, any arms, cloaths, ammunition, 1777-8. or accoutrements belonging to the militia, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, the person so offending, being convicted thereof upon oath before one or more such justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of five pounds j and if such offender shall refuse immediately to pay ]evinj such penalty, the justice or justices of the peace, before whom *"* such offender shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of such justice Or justices levy the same by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattles, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charge of such distress and sale, to such offender, upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid) and for want of such distress shall commit such offender to orimprison'-the common gaol of the county, where the offence shall have whipped been committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or shall cause such offender to be publickly whipped at the discretion of such justice or justices.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. On meaner that when any militia man, raised and inrolled as aforesaid, shall die, or enter into any of his Majesty's land or sea forces, ner. or be appointed a serjeant in the militia, or be discharged for any just cause, another person shall be raised to fill up such vacancy in the same manner, in which the company was originally raised in pursuance of this act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the No private authority aforesaid, that no private man fenring in the militia ’J^g°/r(pa' shall during the time of such service be appointed to serve as a peace officer or parish officer, and if such private man shall duly lining have duly served in the said militia during the term required 3ein<X°-by this act, he shall be admitted to buy, fell, and follow his ration. whh-trade, without fee or reward, fine, quarterage, or intrusion, or fcng"’*2"" other money whatsoever, in every city and town corporate in this kingdom, any charter, grant, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided nevertheless that no person, who shall have Not obliged served his full time in the militia in and for any one county, 5°Jnd fcrv,ce

4 J J7 in anotoer

shall be obliged upon his removal to any other county to serve a count), second time in the militia for any such other county.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No yiVi that no person who shall keep any house of publick entertain, canafcrjejni,

122 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

ment, or who shall fell any ale, wine, brandy, or any other 1777-8. spintuous liquors by retail, shall be capable of serving as a fer-Chap. 13. jeant in the militia; and every person, appointed to be a ferjeaut serjeant out of the pensioners of the royal hospital near Kllmainhani, mijilam n- ^la^> a^ter being discharged from the service of the said militia,1 tftabiiihcdaf- be again put upon the said establishment.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ftabiw on t^lat if any treasurer, sheriff, high or petty constable, shall negkft of or- refuse or neglect to comply with the orders or directions, which orpntkHty, they shall from time to time receive from his Majesty's lieute-UccsnMaijore nant or comm^loners of array, or any three or more of them, 50]. nor un- in pursuance of this act, or shall be guilty of any fraud or wil-4asl fill partiality with respect to any thing herein contained, any two justices of the peace are hereby impowered and required to fine every such offender in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, nor under five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant of such justices under their hands or impri- and seals, or that the said justices shall in their discretion, in-mondj* stead of impoling such fine, commit every such offender to the common gaol of the county, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months.

Pay order-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'emormitof that the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the cXamr fortime bemS shall and may, after the militia of any county is the day. af- cloathed and accoutered as aforesaid, and when the fame becomes eiereHid*"^ uecessary, cause to be issued by order of the chief governor or governors for the time being either out of his Majesty's treasury, or paid by the collector of the customs or excise resident in or next adjoining to such county, to the clerk or secretary of the said commissioners of array so much money, as shall be necessary for the pay of each captain and each lieutenant, and so many private men of the militia as shall be assembled, trained, and exercised, for the number of days they shall be so assembled, lor officers trained, and exercised, at the fame rate per day for the officers as in the re- according to their several ranks as they are paid in the regular 8 privates and forces, and at the rate of eight pence per day for each private " *d man’ together with as much money as will be sufficient to pay adjutant49. one adjutant for each county at the rate of four shillings pa serjeant is. day, and each drummer eight pence per day, and each ierjeant provided by one Hulling per day during the year, which money shall be ^cmnpany’ft provided for by parliament; and the said treasurer shall pay ovu mand" C°offi to t^e caPtam or commanding officer of each company the pay man mgo fucij company j and such captain or commanding officer shall cause

The seventienth and eighteenth years of George III. 123

cause the same to be paid over to or for the respective persons A\ D. intitled thereto without any deduction in such manner or pro- 1777*8. portions, and at such times or seasons, as shall be previously Chap. 13'. agreed upon and directed by the commissioners of array for the said county, or any three or more of them; provided that the fsXr pay of each private' man shall not exceed one pound ten lhil- 3 commifii-lings and eight pence in the year; and provided also, that the u"p"^tMnoc officers, ferieants, drummers, and private men. shall at least be above il. ios.

t 8d. a year,

paid once m every quarter. > payment

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, J""ftrterl)r that when and as often as the militia of any county, or any le-adayto part of such militia, shall be employed in suppressing insurrections £io"cdinpub-and outrageous tumults, and in pursuing, apprehending, and attending the execution of notorious offenders; such and so

many of the private men of the said militia shall, during the

time they shall be employed in all or any of the services aforesaid,

be intitled to the pay of one shilling per day; the whole of

which may upon information on oath, ascertaining the nature

of the service or duty in which the said militia were so employed,

and the length of time they were employed therein, be presented present<d

by the grand jury of the county, in which such militia shall be so employed, and paid to the commanding officer or officers commander,

of such militia men, to be by them immediately paid to such

militia men in manner aforesaid; and that when and as often if died out

as they shall be called out by order of government for the pur- by order of

J , t 1 government,

poses of repelling an invasion, or for the public service, that paid out of then and in that case they shall be paid out of the public otkrfoot! funds, as herein before mentioned, to be made good by parliament, and shall be intitled to the fame pay, as the officers and private men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot in this kingdom receive, and no other; and provided also, when they ,»i,en shall be so embodied and regimented, that they shall be sub- embodied fob-

0 J ject as icgu-

ject to the same laws and regulations as his Majestys regular Ian. forces.

XXXV. And whereas in cases of invasion or insurrection, Aifembud and also for the purposes of better disciplining the militia, it iod regiment, may be necessary to embody and regiment such companies, as 'ernor'aor-shall be raised, by the regulations herein before mentioned, in d"5*

their several counties: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being to issue their order whenever they shall think it necessary, to the governor or governors, or lieutenant, or lieutenants, or in his or their absence

to

2

124 The seventeinth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

to the deputy governor or governors, lieutenant or lieutenants, 1777-8. of each county, or, if there be no deputy governor or governors, Chap. 13. to the commissioners of array, to assemble and regiment the said companies, and also, if they shall think proper, to issue their orders to assemble and regiment the said companies once in every year in order to be trained and exercised at such place, as shall be moil: convenient and moil: contiguous to the different reeulmwMi where such companies have been raised} such regiment

embodied or of militia, detachment, or companies, to be billeted by the called oat, cj.yjj magistrate in like manner as the regular forces of this kingdom are, during the time either , of their being embodied, ammumti- or called out on any service; government to provide said com-

onanaftorca . r,

provided) pames or regiments with such ammunition and irores as may byparlfament, necesfaty, the expence of which to be made good by par-embodied liamentj provided that they shall not be so assembled and em-Apni'S'11 bodied except between the last day of April, and the first day August unicfs of August as aforesaid, unless in case of invasion or infurrec-hmalmf' tion'j and also that the chief governor or chief governors of r Tm1*0"8 this kingdom for the time being shall have power to issue for field ofli- 6 , °. ... , r r

cere while cm- commissions to persons, as herein after qualified to serve as field bodied, officers to such regiments, during the time that they shall be so no pay to embodied; provided that no officer shall receive any pay what-fudl"as soever as being a field officer in such regiment of militia; and not rent out provided also, that the said companies or regiments shall not be

of county un* *, -

lets invasion, sent out of their respective counties, except m cases or mvanon nnet out ofor insurrection, and shall never upon any account be sent out the kingdom, of this kingdom.

Fines, not

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-provided for, say that all the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act im-

onoathbefoFc * . J

a justice» (not poled, the manner of recovering whereof is not in this act par* viedbydif-k" ticularly provided for, shall on proof upon oath of the offence treband sale, before any justice of the peace of the county, where the offence shall be committed, not being then an officer commissioned in the militia, be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattles by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand after deducting the charges of such distress and sale to the offender, where such distress shall have on default been made} and when the goods and chattles of such offender shall prisoned^" not fuftc'ent to answer such distress, such justice is hereby re. months, quired to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, paidtoclcrk, for any time not exceeding three months; and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, shall be paid to the clerk

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 125

clerk of the commissioners of array, and shall be made a common flock; and the clerk shall give a particular account thereof, as it shall arise to his Majesty's lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, by whole orders the fame mull be applied to the contingent charges, which shall attend the militia.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where his Majesty's justices of the peace, or any of them, are required to examine, hear, and determine, all witnesses shall be examined upon oath; which oath such justice or justices of the peace is and are hereby impotvered to administer; and that no person shall be obliged to serve in any militia, to be raised or arrayed in pursuance of this a cl, longer than three years, and shall at the expiration thereof be entitled to the cloathing provided for him as aforesaid.

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 13.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Deputy That no person shall be appointed a deputy lieutenant, commifli- commissioner, oner of array, or colonel of militia, who shall not have an "r colo"cl>,0

J 1 # 1 have 300l. a

estate of freehold in poflemoii within the county, for which he year freehold shall be so appointed a deputy lieutenant, commissioner of array, heTrorne*t or colonel of militia, of the clear yearly value of three hundred ,a

pounds, or who shall not be heir apparent or next in remainder to an estate of freehold in the said county of the clear yearly value of six hundred pounds; and that no person shall be appointed lieutenant colonel or major to serve in any company <mUkI or of militia for any county in this kingdom, who 11)all not have SlnaMl'a1* an estate of freehold in possession in said county of the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds, or who shall not be heir w 4"!-apparent or next in remainder to an estate of inheritance or freehold of the clear yearly value of four hundred pounds; and that no person shall be appointed a captain to serve in any company of militia for any county in this kingdom, who shall not have an estate of freehold in possession in the said county of the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds, or who lluli not be heir

apparent or next in remainder to an estate of inheritance or freehold of the clear yearly value of four hundred pounds; and that no person shall l)e appointed to serve as a lieutenant in any a )ie !nta t company of militia in any county in this kingdom, who shall icol. a year not have an estate of freehold in possession in the said county of to°one"of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, or who shall not 2CO’-he l'on or brother to a person, who has an estate of inheritance ;,cou,;rt or freehold in the said county of the clear yearly value of two °.f a, J

' J t ciiirsatlqiuty

hundred pounds, except in counties of towns and counties of lieutenant,

cities, in which places it Hi.til be sufficient, if such deputy lieu- ,‘r> llr cu|u,

126 jThe sevenleenth and eighteenth IYears of George III.

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 13

lieutenant

colonel or major 30l. captain z$\,

lieutenant

tol.

County prc< ftntmcui for clerk 10l. a year.

Deputy lieutenant) commifinj-ner, captain* or lieutenant, to qualify.

Acting before affidavit of qualifying filed with cictkofpeace, 1000l. to pro-fccutor.

Captains in commission of the peace for the county* paying fees.

Non commission officer or private, maimed or woundcil in publick service, Intitled to Kilmam-harn with re-

gu'aii,

tenant, commissioner of array, or colonel of militia, shall have an estate of freehold in possession in the county of the town or county of the city, for which he shall be so appointed a deputy lieutenant, commissioner of array, or colonel of militia, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds; and that no person shall be appointed a lieutenant colonel or major, who shall not have an estate of the clear yearly value of thirty pounds, or a captain in such Iaft mentioned places, who shall not have an estate of freehold in possession of the clear yearly value of twenty five pounds; and that no person shall be appointed a lieutenant in such last mentioned. place, who shall not have an estate of freehold in possession of the clear yearly value of ten pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the grand juries of the different counties may he impowered to grant by presentment, to be levied on the count}' at large, any sum not exceeding ten pounds per annum to the clerk of the commissioners of array.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no deputy lieutenant, or commissioner of array, captain or lieutenant, to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall act under such appointment, until they shall first have taken the oath of allegiance, and made, repeated, and subscribed the declaration, appointed by law to be taken by persons holding offices or employments under the crown.

XLI. Provided also, That if any person shall act as a deputy lieutenant, or commissioner of array, captain or lieutenant, in the militia without first filing with the clerk of the peace of the county, wherein he shall so ad, an affidavit, that he is duly qualified, as this act directs, for the office, to which he is or shall be appointed, every such person shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, to be recovered by auy person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's four courts at Dublin by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no wager of law, or more than one essoign, shall be allowed.

XLII. Provided also, That every person, appointed to the office of captain in any militia in any county in this kingdom, shall be intitled to a commission of the peace in and for the said county, paying the usual and accustomed fees.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any non-commission officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall in suppressing iiifurredions, or outrageous assemblies, or in pursuing, apprehending, or guarding any notorious offender, iq pursuance of this act, lltaft be maimed or

wounded.

The femiteenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 127

wounded, he shall be equally intitled to the benefit of Kilmain- A D.

ham hospital with any non-commissioned officer or private soldier

in his Majesty's regular forces under the like circumstances j and if killed,

that if any non-commission officer of the militia or private

militia man shall in any of said last services be killed, leaving a above 20]. for

widow or

widow, or a child or children under age, it mall and may be children neit lawful for the grand jury of the county, wherein such non- offi2"’ commission officer or private man shall be so killed, at the next ensuing assizes after such killing to present such sura or sums of money, not exceeding twenty pounds, for the widow, child, or children of such non-commission officer or private man, as to such grand jury shall appear reasonable; which presentment or presentments is or are to be raised and levied in such manner, as other presentments are raised or levied; and that years* lnd di° the child or children of the person killed under the age of G>

tr 0 jury, and re-

ten years shall, if the grand jury shall so direct it, and the quired by surviving parent or next relation of such child or children shall received in ’ so require it, be received and educated, cloathed, and maintained jy^of10"ter for the usual time in the nest protestant charter school, upon treater's producing a certificate from the treasurer of the county, where such presentment was made, to the mailer of such school, that said child o. children is or are by the means aforesaid intitled to the education, cloathing, and maintenance provided for orphans in the said school.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Extended to That this act, and every clause and proviso therein contained, towns, shall extend to all counties of cities and counties of towns within this kingdom.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Continued That this act shall continue and be in force until the twenty fourth g2+ jC(o day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, and to Hhin£ *787 the end of the next session of Parliament. g. 3. c.+o.

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

WHEREAS the several persons, wlnfe names are mentioned in the fclte-dules hereunto annexed, have been by misfortunes rendered unable to satisfy the whole of their respective debts, ami it is reasonable to make provision for such of them, as shall do their utmost for the satisfaction of their creditors ( therefore be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by die authority of the same, That it shall and I i 2 may

'The sevenieenth.cuicLeightemth Years of George III.

A.D.

may be lawful for all and every the persons, whbfe names are mentioned in the 1777^-8. iaid schedules, at any times before the first day.of May one thousand seven Chap. 14. hundred and eighty to exhibit petitions to his Majesty's court of king’s bench or common pleas in Dublin, setting forth ’ the several matters directed to be set forth in the petitions-of the persons mentioned in a schedule annexed to an act passed in the lirft year of his present Majesty, entitled,.^ aSl far the relief , of insolvent debtors \ and the said several. persons IhalKupon performing the fe-verat rc<$u\fites, in the said act directed to be performed by the several -persons mentioned in the schedules thereunto annexed, to be intitled to the like benefit and-relief, and subject to the like punishment in cases of delivering a false and uutruc account of their estate and effects, or concealing the' fame, as by the said act is directed with respect to the said several persons, whose names are mentioned in the said schedule annexed to the said aft\ and the respective estates and effects of the persons, whose names are mentioned in the schedules hereunto annexed, Hull be subject to all and* Angular the terms and provisions, mentioned in the said act with respect to the estates and effects of the persons, whose names are mentioned in the said schedules annexed to the said acts.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's court of_king’s bench and common pleas respectively shall be inverted with all and , Angular the like powers with respect to the persons, estates, and effects of the t respective debtors mentioned in the schedules hereunto annexed, as the said coutts . were respectively invested with by the said act for the relief of persons, whose , names, were included in the said schedules thereunto annexed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said persons in the schedules hereunto annexed, as is or are actual pri-

foner or prisoners in any gaol or prison in this kingdom on any process whatsoever for or by reason of any debts whatsoever, and -which gaol or prifou is above the . space of twenty miles dilhnt from the -city of Dublin, on preferring his, her, or their petition or petitions, as it is in such case or cases directed, they shall be preferred, by the said act passed in the first year of Ills present Majesty, entitled, An act for the relief of insolvent debtors, and upon performing the several reijuifitcs in the said act directed to be performed, shall have and be intitled to the like benefit and relief, and subject to the like punishment 111 case of delivering a false and untrue account of their dlate and effects, or concealing the fame, as by the said act is directed with respect to the several persons, whose names are mentioned in thj said schedules annexed to the said act , and the cflatcs and effects of such persons, whose names arc mentioned in the schedules hereunto annexed, shall be subject to all and finguhr the terms and provisions mentioned in the said act with respect to the estates and effects of the persons, whose names are mentioned in the said schedules annexed to the said act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the judge or judges of afftze at any affixes, which iiull be holden in any county, city, town, or place

after the puffing this act, shall he inverted with all and finguhr the like powers with respect to the persons, cllatcs, and effects of the respective debtors mentioned in the hid schedules hereunto annexed, as the said judge or judges of assize were respectively verted with by the said act passed in the first year of his present Majesty for the relief of persons, whole names were included in the said schedules thereunto annexed.

V. Provided always, That none of the persons, whose names are mentioned in the -fecund schedule hereunto annexed, shall be intitled to take any benefit under this act, unless two thirds of the real creditors in number and value of such persons respectively shall sign a certificate, signifyitig their consent to the discharge of such persons respectively 5 the truth or which certificate must be proved upon oath to the satisfaction of the court, to which such petitions are respectively preferred.

VI. Provided also, That no person shall take or have any benefit by this act, who ;im made any fraudulent conveyance or assignment of his estate or goods, or any

A \r*n

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 129

part thereof, either previous or subsequent to his failure, with an intention to tic. A.D. fraud his creditors, or any of them, or who has done, or fullered to be done, any j 7^-8. fraudulent act for the purpose aforesaid, and the same shall be made to appear to the Chap. 14, satisfaction of the court, in which the petition of such debtor shall be depending, upon an examination either viva voce, or by affidavit, as such court shall direct.

VII. And provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to the benefit of any person, who is within the provisions of the bankruptcy law.

vni. And provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the benefit of any person, who has been relieved by, and taken the benefit of, any former act of insolveocy.

IX. And provided always, That no person, who as guardian, try (lee, executor, or administrator is indebted to any person or persons, shall be entitled to any benefit or relief from this act.

X. Provided also, That all persons, who have conveyed, embezzled, or converted to their own use any monies, goods, wares, or merchandizes of persons, who have employed or intruded them, shall be excluded from receiving any benefit or advantage by this act.

XI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed to extend, or shall in any manner be condrued or taken to extend, to give benefit, tafe, discharge, or relief, to any person or persons, whatsoevex from any debt for rent or arrears of rent, whether bya bond, note, or other indrumcm in writingperfefted to the landlord or landlords for the fame, or otherwise, which debt became due and payable out of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, where he, (lie, or they owing such rent, or arrears of rent, or any other person or persons deriving by, from, or under him, her, or them, is or are in possession of all or any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of which such rent was payable.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the prisoner or prisoners, whose name or names are infected in die annexed schedule or schedules, and which prisoner or prisoners have bceu confined on any process for debt in any gaol or prison within this kingdom, and who has not at lave not been committed to such gaol or prison on or before the seventeenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, that then and in such case or cases such prisoner or prisoners shall not have or be entitled to the benefit of this act, unless two thirds of the creditors in number and value of such prisoner or prisoners do sign a certificate liguifying their confeot, that such prisoner or prisoners may have the benefit of this act; the truth of which consent, as well as that such creditor or creditors fa signing are really hm fit the creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, shall be verified by affidavit, or in any other manner as the judge or judges of his Majesty's court of King's bench, and the judge or judges of assize, shall think proper.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to give any relief to any tytlie farmer or prod or, on account of any debt incutred by such ty the farmer or proctor, on account of the ty thes he has farmed, or been proctor for > any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided likewise. That this act shall not extend to free the real or personal estate, which fuel) person or persons, as shall obtain their liberty by virtue hereof,

(bail acquire or become entitled to, after having taken the benefit thereof, but that the same shall be liable to the debts owing by them in as full and antple a manner, as if this act had never been made.

XV. And whereas severalfuits at law and in equity have been commenced and carried on again! John Bourke of rite city of Dublin, esquire, for recovery of the estate of the said John Bourke, or a great part thereof, which drove the Ctiil John to the oc-cefiity of contrafting debts, and borrowing several considerable sums of money from different persons to enable the said Jolm to defray the expence of the raid (bits,

i The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

and defend his title to his said estate, and by a continual litigation of such suits,

1/77-8. and the great expence occasioned thereby, the said John hath not been able to Chap. Pay his said debts, and that notwithstanding almost the whole of the said

Bourke's estate hath been in the hands of some of his creditors, yet many 0-tliers of them have from time to time issued executions and other writs against his person; wherefore, and to avoid the miseries of a' common jail, the said John for many years past hath been obliged to confine himself to his house, by reason of which he hath contracted many disorders, and his health and constitution are greatly impaired, insomuch that he cannot live any time, if not released from such his confinement, and his death would prove fatal to his creditors, be being tenant for life: And whereas Holt Waring, Philip Vigneau, John Ryan, Nicholas Mulvany, George Wildridge, Richard Bolton, Gervas Hall, Pat. Mooney, Mary Eustace, Richard Cahill, Peter Malone, Luke Heron, Henry Gonne, Thomas Fleming, Henry Clements, and James Browne, creditors of the ’said John Bourke, being conscious of the said John's inability to pay them their full demands, have agreed to accept of his the said John's oiler of assigning over to them, or to the said Holt ^Waring and Richard Bolton, trustees for them and the rest of the creditors of the said John Bourke, a demand on his said John’s uncle Richard Bourke's estate, and the remainder of his said uncle’s estate, to which he is under his the said Richard Bourke’s marriage-settlcmtut entitled, and a bond of Robert Franklin's for five hundred pounds, and also the reversion of four hundred pounds per annum, now in the hands of Thomas 0‘Flaherty, Patrick Deafe, esquires, and William Furlong, for the discharge of debts due to them respectively, in trust to pay off and discharge all the debts due by the said John to all his creditors rateably, and in proportion to their several and respective demands against him: And whereas at a meeting of a considerable number of said John Bourke’s' creditors on the fourteenth day ^of December last, it was unanimously agreed, that it would be for the benefit of said creditors, and all other the creditors of the said John Bourke, to have the said demand, the bond and contingencies aforesaid assigned and made over to them, or to their aforesaid trustees [who have consented to undertake said trull) and the assistance and personal attend-ance of the said John Bourke upon his creditors or said trustees being judged absolutely necessary for carrying it into execution: therefore at die humble petition of the said several creditors of the said John Bourke on behalf of themselves and the rest of the creditors of the said John Bourke, be it enacted by die authority aforesaid, That from die time the said demand of the said John ou his said uncle Richard Bourke’s estate, and the remainder of Ins said uncle's estate, to which he is entitled as aforesaid, and the said bond of the said Robert Franklin for five hundred pounds, ami also the reversion of said four hundred pounds per annum, shall be assigned to the said Holt Waring and Richard Bolton, as trustees as aforesaid, and for the purposes aforesaid, the person of the said John Bourke shall from thenceforth be freed, acquitted, and discharged of and from all arrests, at the suit of any creditor or creditors of the said John Bourke for any sum or sums of money, which is or are now due and owing by him; and that if the said John Bourke shall be arrested for or on account of any such debt or debts, the said John Bourke shall from such arrest or arrests be forthwith freed, released, and discharged*

first

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

FIRST PART.

Prisoners agaiujl ‘whom no Petition has been preferred,\ Antrim. County Gaol.

James Scott William Woods

Whiteside Woods John Shean

William Hood John Grier

Bernard NeilTon Henry Glass

James Crawford John French

Charles Gilmore Hill Gilmore

Edward McLaughlin John Strean John Powel Cuney.

Armagh. County Gaol.

Thomas Ball Phelemy Hagan

Thomas ByarGn William Dougan

James Mcllwain James Leonard

John Kennedy Samuel Blackley

Bryan McBennet Owen Trodden.

Carlow. County Gaol.

James Maugher James Carty.

Cavan. County Gaol.

Timothy Kelly Alexander Dawley

Terence Dolan John Brady

Joseph Brady John Bultiel

Michael Glancy Charles Maguire.

Clare County. Gaol of Ennis.

Daniel McDonogh Terence McMahon

Joseph Confidin John Hickey

Thomas Shannon Lott Egan.

Cork. County Gaol.

Timothy McCarty John Norcott

William Anftis Timothy Leary

Emanuel Harrison John Bcnnitt

Timothy Donovan Peter Clancy

John Skufe Denis Long

Timothy McCartliy John Leary

Timothy Leane Patrick Carthy

George Smyth Daniel Shingles

Edmond Singles Darby Hurley

Nicholas Bellew James Lombard.

Cork,

*3*

A.D.

1777-8.

Chap., 14.

Kk

132 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. A.D.

1777-8. Cork. City Gaol.

Darby Mahony William Fowlue Thomas Reynolds James Paterson Thomas Quill John Duggan Thomas Cummings John Kennafly

Denis Mahony John Evans

John Dwyer David Moylan

Timothy Lefoile Thomas Cullinane

Charles Mahony John Galway

John Penward William Kelly

Catherine Wholehane Richard Coleman

Denis Carroll Tiiady Crowley

Bartholomew Nevill Daniel Gorwan

Daniel Brenon William Staterford

John Dale Timothy Callaghan

Alexander Goodin Mathew Coleman

Michael Nagle Patrick Coakley

James Hennefly Thomas Vippond

Mathew Dempicy iSufana Goodwin

Timothy McCarthy Laurence Fowlue

John Kinealy Thomas Aherin

Patrick Phtenix John Carfhey

Timothy McCarthy Darby Finn

Timothy Enrought Edward Barry

David Murphy William Cane

John Cartin Paul Webber

Cornelius Kelcher John Gleefon

John Harnett Thomas Finn

James Mahony Daniel Finn

Richard Montgomery Darby Daw

Michael Denaghy Daniel Storey

James Short Bartholomew Murphy

James Winstanley Joseph Collins

Darby Spillane Denis Drifcoll

John Kinafake Catherine Horrigan

James OBryan Thomas Lawder

Thomas Donald Timothy Sullivan

John Barron Andrew Sharp

Edward Norman Patrick Linahan

Denis Dennahr Catherine CronohaB.

Doncgall County. Gaol of Lifford.

David Bane Philip Gettans

James Black John O'Donnell

Philip McHugh Daniel McBrcfan

William Brown George Cobourne

Moses Lawther Thomas Galagher

Henry Black Robert Smyth

Robert Gils y Patrick McGill.

Chap. 14,

David Gleefon John Burton Florence McCarthy Edmund Burke John Keeffc John Corkery Cornelius Connoi James Ferris

6

Dawn

<the sevenieenth and eighteenth Yean of George III.

Down County. Gaol of Downpatrick.

Arthur Hughs Thomas Chambers

James Emerson Robert Gaff

Samuel McMullan Arthur Waterson

Rev. Robert Smyth Thomas Parkinson.

Gaol of Coleraine.

Andrew Ferguson John McCook

Alexander Mclntire Alexander "NYier

Mrs. Cameron, widow John Hughes

Joseph Catlicnrt Elizabeth Campbell

James Barry Adam Broufter James Houftou.

Drogheda Gaol.

John Fleming Thomas Grehan

John Elliot Pat. Woods

Peter Ticrnan Roger Fox

James Killpatrick Laurence Fallon

Thomas Crosby John North

Patrick Fluddy John AVhearty

Matthew Gartloney William Molloy

Thomas Maguire Michael Garry

James Killpatrick John Devine.

133 A.D.

1777-8.

Chap. 14.

Dublin County. Gaol Edward Balfe John Keney Denis Bryan

Dame Mary Blake, commonly called Lady Blake William Morgan Edward Plant John McNeill Denis Bryan Michael Flinn Michael Clinton

Gaols of Newgate, and Robert Beilis Christopher Reilly James Gilford James Smyth

Thomas-Court and Richard Allen John Macklewaine James Dcmpfcy James Murphy James Hobbs John Halfpenny Thomas Doyle

Kilmainham.

James Lewes John Sinnott James Mannahon John Fynn Dennis Kelly John Hyland John Kenny,

James Kelly John Pointon Hugh 0‘Nei!l John Timmons.

the Black Dog.

John Fowes Silveftev Farrell Margaret Brien John Walker.

Marshalsea.

John Kelly

Mathew Rochfort 'pi

Mary Hendrick Ambrofc Davis Margaret Waltli Thomas Harris.

of

Donore

Marshalsea

134 Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

j 777-8. Marshalsea.of St. Sepulchre's.

Chap 1 A. Joha Buclhart Denis Mara

John White

Elinor Walton Robert White William Armltrong

Peter Mulally.

Richard Heffernan Joseph Fergiilon

Patrick Greene John Whitehouse

Robert Dowdal Robert Savage

Alexander Saunders George Doughtery

Jeremiah Neale John Connell

Denis Field Isaac McCoy

John Ellis Mary Strahorne

Barnaby McCann AnneTleming

'Patrick Gorman Francis Fenn

Michael Smyth Thomas Burnet

Lewis Parker Daniel Stephens

Joseph Cony Thomas Healy

John Smith John Simpson

Thomas Pritchard John Keating

Michael Balf Patt Quin

Kilner Evat Thomas Jackson

William Moore John Devatt

Symon Byrne John O'Bryan

Barnaby Mathews John Dallaway

Nicholas Ball John Fowlue

Oliver Nethercoat William McGarry

John Kane Edward Savage

Patt Kappagh John McCormuck

Thomas Judge Benjamin Rainsford

William Cumberland Slice William Me Walter, alia

George Smyth mingham

Walter Lawlcfs Catherine Williams

Austin Ince Mary Cockrell

Gerard Macklin Catherine Delany

John Maddin Margaret Eaves.

In the Custody of the High Sheriff.

Christopher Reilly Joseph Moreton

James Gilford William Ralph

James Smyth Charles Dillon

John Tower Henry King

Margaret Brien William Reed

Silvester Farrell Nathaniel Calder

John Donelly James Ellis

Andrew Ryan, Certificate John Doyle.

Pierce Farrell, Certificate

Dublin City* Marshalsea of the Four-Courts.

Charles Burnside Benjamin Carroll

Matthew Braycon Gerald Cuvanagh

John Brifcoe Elinor Carroll

John Benthi Edward Cavenagh

Dublin

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years'of George III.

Dublin City. Marshalsea of the Pour Courts.

John Branagan John Collins

John Crawford William Moore

Christopher Carroll Owen McLaughlin

Christopher Dalton Elizabeth Nowlan

Thomas Dcrmott David Oliver

Neal Doherty Michael O'Hara

Mathew Dwyer George Philips

William Davis Ann Pritchard

Philip Downey John Rcily

William Fuller John Roach

Lawrence Farall John Scanlon

George Fleming Robert Stephens

Robert Goggin John Smyth

Edward Gallaher Thomas Tuckcy

Andrew Green James Tommins

Philip Hartington Thomas Whitchouse

Frederick Christian Hammer Joshua Whitehouse

Denis HouJahan Thomas White

Jolin HouJahan Thomas Williams

Sarah Hanlon William Waller

Daniel Hernon Hugh Woods

Patrick Hughes William Wolferfton

John Hill John White

Peter Huncheon Michael Young

William Irvine Morgan McDonagh

Richard Jacob John Leary

Hannah James Patrick Fi’tz Patrick

Patrick Mahon Richard Bourke

John Matchctt Henry Baflct

Edward Maguire Nicholas Boyland

Hugh McManus Samuel Bleakly

John Maurice Owen Branouge

James Massey Molony James Bran

Joseph Murphy Daniel Connor

Thomas Massey Hugh Cartin

Patrick McGuirk Bartholomew Connell

Huglj Conway Dennis Kelly

John Dodds John Lennon

Daniel Delany Richard McHugh

Owen Daley Redmond McHugh

Bartholomew Dowdall William McCarthy

Philip Dolan James Monagha

Martin Walfli Andrew Trayoc

Laurence White James Mahown

John Wiggham Patrick McDermott

James Fleming Mathew O'Brien

John Finn William Oughterson

Thomas Haligaii Godfrey Peart

James Hyland Easter Pallacc

William Hughes John Rcily

Michael Iliggans Philip Ryan

Richard Robinson William Ramsay

Patrick Tighc Patrick Raferty.

I. 1 2

Fermanagh

1 $6 The seventeenthand eighteenth Years of George III.

A. J0.

-1777-8. Fermanagh County.' Gaol -of EnnUkillen.

Chap, 1^, John Kemaghan Edward McCufer

Robert Whitten William Elliot

John McWallin James Veech.

James Crumlis

Galway. ’County Gaol. Patrick Ward.

Galway. Town Gaol.

Mathias 'Martin Thomas Grubb

-Thomas Burke John Hudson

Miles McDonagh Richard Daly.

Kerry County. Gaol of Tralee.

Owen McCarthy Francis Pierfe

John Breen Timothy Spillane

Denis Callaghan Thomas Leyne John McCarthy.

Kilkenny. County-Gaol.

Philip Casey Roger Purcell

Michael Brenan John Comerford.

Kilkenny. City Gaol.

Denis Delany Catherine Dowling

Mathew Murphy "William Wall.

Kildare County. Gaol of Naas.

John Tracy.

King's1 County. Gaol of Philipftown.

Samuel Watson Bryan Dunn.

Leitrim County. Gaol of Carrick.

James Maboin.

Limerick County Gaol.

Patrick Nafii Anthony Martin.

John Shaugneffy

Limerick. City Gaol.

Lott Gearan John Mungavan

James Bryon Michael Mara

Michael 0‘Brion Patrick Clancy

John Warren Cornelius Kean

Alley McEneary Henry Lacy

John Bourke Garret Stack

John Heher Denis Murphy

Nicholas Poor Thomas Kean

William Davis James Barry

John Haffena Timothy Callinane

James Dea Malacby Minchan

Roger McCann Ilaniel Slatery.

Londonderry.

fhefeoenteenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

Londonderry. Thomas 0‘Coll Henry O'Kane James McLaughlin Owen McDevatt John Creige John Reyly

James and Duncan Campbell John Spear

County and City Gaol.

Cornelius McCIamon 'William Patten Daniel Davillan Daniel Baldrige Michael Barr Daniel McMonegall John Witherour James Walker.

County of Longford Gaol.

William Watson James Kilbridge

Francis Bonynge George McCreery.

Louth County.

James Read Robert Curtis Nicholas Murtagh Thomas Lamb

Marshalsea of Dundalk. Barney Maguire Patrick Boyle Patrick Callan John Belk.

Mayo County. John Naylor Thady Murphy James Fitzmaurice James Prendtrgaft

Gaol of Castlebar.

Charles Bourke Thomas Cloyne Michael Needham William Fitzmaurice.

Meath County. Gaol of Trim.

Mathew Holton James Fannan

John Flinn Patrick Mooney

Thomas Feay Robert Fiaerty.

Richard Philips Toale Clarice Patrick Murray Patrick McMahon Felix Hanlan

Monaghan County Gaol.

Arthur Monaghan Patt Lennon Ann Mc Georgh Maurice Ward.

Queen’s County. Gjol of Maryborough.

Mary Bergin Fanton Delany

Margaret Me Abboy or Bergin William Cantrcl

Malachy or Loughlin Keegan Honor Boe

William Delany Henry Nugent.

Roscommon Gaol.

Thomas Hanly.

Sligo. County Gaol.

Patrick McCabe Hugh McDermotroe.

Thomas Slator

Pierce Shea John Grinfill John Quinlan Vol. XL

Tipperary County. Gaol of Clonmell.

Charles Lanigan Edward McEniry Thomas Williams.

M m

Tyrone-

jTbe seventeenth and eighteenth 'Years of George III.

8. Tyrone County.

Thomas Anderton O James Rodgers Jofias Armstrong William Graham William McKinfey William Galloway Francis Mongan Robert Caldwell 'Morgan Mongan Nochcr Bradley William Ferguson Robert Walker Richard Garland

Gaol of Omagh.

James Brown

Bernard Fitz-Summons otherwise

Bums William Darifpn John Gormly William Walker William Carey Bryan O’Neill Daniel Rodgers James Bratten John Andrews Patrick Murphy John Rodgon.

Marshalsea

James Hood ’Mark Freel Francis Tate

Waterford.

"Thomas Courtney John Bradley PaulFerrall

Michael Bryan James Aylward

Wexford.

Francis Lacey Thomas Connor

of.Stiabane.

James Graham Patrick 0‘Donnel John Kinkead.

City Gaol.

Philip Kennedy James Dugay Thomas Magrath William HalTett.

County Gaol.

Henry BalTett.

Wicklow. County Gaol.

John-.Clarke , Thomas Kelly.

Westmeath County. Mullingar Gaol. Rachel Nolan Andrew Dalton.

FIRST SCHEDULE. SEtCBHB P ART.

Petitioners agmnjl whom no Petitions has beat preferred

_ Thomas Anderton of Grange in the county of Tyrone, dealer.

Nicholas Andrews of Vicar-street, Dublin, Jinen weaver.

Henry Allman, late of Kingsale, tythe farmer and dealer.

John Achefon formerly of the citj of Dublin, (ilk mercer.

Thomas Brewer.

Martin Bym of John-street, Dublin, worded weaver.

Thomas Bermingham of Uflwr-street, Dublin, distillec.

Thomas Burke of the town of Galway, wheelwright.

Christopher Boyle of Woolpark, near Naas in the county of Kildare, farmer, Thomas Bole, late of Machin, in the county of Cavan, yam merchant. Thomas Burnet of the city of Dublin* distiller.

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

James Byrne, late of Dame-street, Dublin, grocer.

James Brown, late of the city of Dublin, vintner.

John Brophy of High-street, Dublin, shoemaker.

Thomas Bethel of the city of Dublin, cabinet maker.

William Bentley, late of the earl of Meath’s liberty, fhcerman.

Catherine Bourke of the city of Dublin, grocer.

Charles Bredberg of the city of Dublin, broker.

Edmond Burke of the city of Limerick, innholder.

Andrew Bailie of Donaghenry in the county of Tyrone, esquire.

Loftus Bernard of the city of Dublin, gentleman.

John Baldwin of the city of Cork, merchant and dealer.

Thomas Bradley of James’s-street, Dublin, thread maker.

John Bourke of Lacky in the county of Kildare, cabinet maker.

Edward Balfe of White’s-lane in the countycf Dublin, farmer.

Thomas Brady, late of Stradane in the county of Cavan, dealer and chapman. Thomas Boulger.

Michael Brannan, late of the town of Drogheda, linen wearer.

Thomas Boyd of Ballymony in the county of Antrim, victualler and dealer. Christopher Bothell, late of Cole-alley, Meath-street, (heerman.

David Brenan, late of Newtownbaker in the county of Kilkenny, farmer, a fugitive. David Beyendorff, late of Queen-street, Dublin, watch-cafc-maker.

Robert Brown of Thomas-street, Dublin, grocer.

Julio Barry, late of the city of Dublin, merchant. 0 Neptune Blood formerly of Ennis in the county o^Clare, soap boiler, tallow chandler and distiller.

Patrick Brogan of the town of Cavan, dealer.

Patrick Buchanon, late of Knockagarran in the county of Donegall, farmer.

John Connor, upholder.

Daniel Creadon, Peter Creadon, late of Macrome in the county of Limerick, labourers.

Laurence Corry of Bolton-Rreet, Dublin, baker.

William Carroll, late of Shanra in the county of Monaghan, distiller.

James Cofgriff of Bridwell-lane, Dublin, cabinet-maker.

Philip Clerk of Killineer, in the city and town of Drogheda, linen weaver and farmer.

Mathew Cremene, late of the city of Cork, farmer.

James Caroll of Dion countyTyrone, publican.

Mark Clare of Clarendon-market, tallow chandler.

*39 A.D.

*777-8. Chap. 14a

John Carbry of the city of Dublin, hair cutler.

Robert Clancy, cordwainer.

ItomabyCrinion of thecityof Dublin, taylor.

Kennedy Callaghan of Cork, weaver.

George Connoly of Cutpurfc-row, Dublin, flioc maker*

Joshua Cannon, late of East Arran-street, flioe maker.

Bridget Cuttle, widow, late of Banagher in the King’s county. Michael Connor of Thomas-street, Dublin, grocer.

Patrick Carrol of the town of Cavan, butcher.

Jlcrnard Cnrron, late of Lungs in the county of Tyrone.

Charles Cnrron, late of Lungs in the county of Tyrone.

William Cofgrave, lately in the Ration of a servant*

Cliriftoplier Clarke of Laughlinftown in the county of Dublin, vintner. Richard Carrol, late of the city of Dublin, dealer.

Mary Collins, widow, late of Cornamaddy in the county of Wcflmeath. Richard Cullen, late of the county of Clare, woollen dyer.

John Crosbie, late of the city of Dublin, brewer*

M m a

John

140 "The fevmteenth and elgfoeenth Years of George III.

A.D.

John Carroll of Shanra in the county of Monaghan, farmer.

I Edward Carolan of Ballytrean, in the county of Monaghan, distiller.

'Chap. 14. Anaftatia Collin, late of the city of Dublin,-gentlewoman.

'—y~-J Samuel Clarke, late of Dungannon in tile county of Tyrone, linen weaver.

Thomas Costcllo of the city of Dublin, grocer.

John Cunningham of the city of Dublin, house carpenter.

John Canadian, late of the city of Corke, woollen draper, but now of Cloghan, in the county of Tipperary.

' Mary Commons on behalf of her husband John Commons, late of the Little-green, publican arid taylor.

’ Dennis Carey, linen weaver.

James Dempsey of Clanctjuin in-King’s county, farmer.

Mary Doyle of the town of Toughall in the county Corke.

Thomas Daly of Patrick-street, Dublin, butcher.

Peter Delahoyd formerly of the town of Drogheda, distiller.

' William Darley, late of Pill-lane, Dublin, grocer.

James Dunganof Smcbatftown, county Meath, publican.

William Dunlap near Clonifli, county Monaghan, weaver.

Thomns:Dodd of 'New Church-street, Dublin, cabinet maker.

John Draycott of the city of Dublin.

-Patrick Dayly of the city of Dublin, cordwainer.

-Philip Dolan of Abbey-street, Dublin, carpenter.

John Davys of Ballyfhanngn, clothier.

‘ Thomas Daly of Strangford, county Down, gentleman. tEdward Delany of Grange in Queen’s county, farmer.

James Delap of the city of Dublin, dealer.

John Devereux of the city of Dublin, formerly a grocer.

William Devereux of the city of Dublin, formerly a grocer.

Philip Dolan of the city of Dublin, taylor.

Dennis Deljny, formerly of the city of Kilkenny, dealer.

Robert Davison, late of the county of Down,-chapman.

Simon Drew of the county of Carlow.

Laurence Daly of the city of Dublin, baker.

Michael Daly of the city of Dublin, publican and factor.

John Donnell of Mainstreet iiwhe city of Calhel, fltopkeepei.

Patrick Dalton-of Fatrick-street, Dublin, grocer-and dealer.

Timothy Ennis of Bull-alley, Dublin, ^publican.

- Christopher Egan, late of the city of Dublin, dealer.

Thomas Fitzgerald, late of the city of-Cork, merchant.

William Fitzpatrick, weaver.

'Thomas Farrell of the county of Kildare, labourer.

John Fleming of the city of Cork, tobacconist.

Patrick Finigan, late of Black-pits, tanner.

-Mathew Forrcftal, late of Thomas-street, Dublin, yeoman.

John Flanagan of the city of Dublin, breeches-maker.

-William Fitzpatrick, formerly of New-btidge, near the Curragh of Kildare, innholder.

John Fitalitnous of the city of Dublin, yeoman-

Robert-Farrell of New-street, silk weaver.

Thomas Fox, formerly of George’s-tjuuy, Dublin, grocer.

John Fallon, late of the Gravel-walk in the city of Dublin, huxter and weaver. James-Finn of the city of Dublin, cabinet maker.

Jeremiah Fowler, late of the city of Cork, butter buyer.

John Fcrrali, formerly of Melanfoot in the county of Meath, farmer.

James Fagan of Thomas-street, Dublin, brogue maker.

-.Owen'.Fox of Lattiloo in the county of Cavan, carman.

4

Thoms*

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

Thomas Fitzgerald of Macrompe, in the county of Cork, beer-feller.

John Ferguson, late of Castle-market, grocer.

James Floyde of Kilmainham.

Elizabeth Forfyth, dealer, on behalf of her husband.

James Forbes of Antrim; taylor.

John Fox of the city of Dublin, bricklayer and plaiilerer.

Patrick Floody, labourer.

Francis Gordon, late of Granard, in the county of Longford, publican.

Michael Grant of Townsend-street, Dublin, weaver.

John Gordon of the city of Dublin, dilllHer.

John Giles, formerly of Chequer-lane, Dublin, but now of the county of Cork, dealer.

Edward Grevellof the city of Dublin, weaver.

Bartholomew Gormly of the city of Dubiin, prelTer.

William Grant of the county of Down, farmer.

Henry Gillefpy of the city of Dublin, penlioner.

Owen Gallaglay of Mullaghban, county Monaghan, farmer.

Thomas Greene, late of Loftus-lane, Dublin, writing-clerk.

Patrick Gollougher, late of James’s-(Ireet, Dublin, (hoe-maker.

Thomas George,- formerly of Saintfield, in the county of Down, carrier and dealer.

George Glanville of the city of Cork, linen weaver.

Alexander Gilmore of Dorset-street, Dublin, thread-maker.

Patrick Gorman of Kevan’s-port, Dublin, publican.

William Heifer, late of the city of Cork, cooper.

Nicholas Harford of the city of Dublin, grocer.

Thomas Hanly of Roscommon.

James Harman, late of the city of Dublin, carrier.

Joseph Hamerlley, late of the county of Monaghan, but now of the city of Dublin, writing-clerk.

Charles Hoare of Essex-street, Dublin, publican.

Patrick Hoey of the city of Dublin, flai-dresser.

John Healy, late of the county of Kerry, yeoman.

Arthur Hill of the city of Dublin, butcher.

Thomas Hopkins of the county of Armagh, yeoman.

James Harrington, late of the city of Dublin, dealer.

John Harnet of the city of Cork, ale-feller.

John Horrogan of the city of Cork, weaver.

James Hartington, late of Tatnafinch, county Fermanagh, linen-draper and dealer. William Hutchinson the elder, William Hutchinson the younger of the city of Cork, carpet manufacturers.

Timothy Halagan, late of Mallow, county of Cork, publican.

John Henry of the city of Dublin, clock-maker.

James Hayes, late of the city of Cork, ilator and plaiilerer.

Owen Hufley of the town of Carlow, formerly a grocer.

John Ingleton of Arklow in the county of Wicklow, cordwainer.

Thomas Ireland, late of the town of Cavan, and now of the city of London, pewterer.

Andrew Irwin, late of Thomas-street, Dublin, tobacconist.

Samuel Johns, late of the city of Limerick, filvcrsmith.

Rawleigh James of the city of Limerick, tallow-chandler.

Henry Jacobs of the city of Dublin, pencil-maker.

Wood Gibson Jones, late of the city of Dublin, printer.

Patrick Kane of the carl of Meath’s liberty, weaver.

Stephen ICcating, formerly of Back-lane, but now of Ntcholas-street, Dublin; heel-cutter.

141

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 1J-

142 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

James King of SweenyVlane, Dublin, linen weaver.

1777-8. John Kyle of Balyna, dealer.

Chap. 14. 'William Kelly, late of Patrick-street, Dublin, victualler.

'——v'^O Barney Kelly, formerly of Smithfield, Dublin, horse breaker.

William Kelly, late of Ballinafloe, in the county of Galways farmer.

John Kenny of Crane-lane, Dublin, (hoe-maker.

William Kelly, late of the city of Cork, taylor.

Denis Kelly of Killevagy in the county of Galway, farmer.

Samuel King of Bride’s-alley, Dublin, cabinet-maker.

Thomas Kean, late of the city of Dublin, publican.

Christopher Kelly of Thomas-street, box-maker.

Daniel Keliher, late of the city of Cork, flatcr and plaisterer.

Thomas Keary of the city of Dublin, publican.

Darby Line, late of Lehenagil in the liberties of Cork, farmer.

Charles Eoughlin, late of the city of Dublin, butcher.

Luke Lennon, formerly of Newry, merchant.

Garret Larkin of Carter’s-lauc, Dublin, linen-weaver.

George Lodge, one of the attoruies of the exchequer.

John Little of the county of Tyrone, weaver.

James Lynch of the city of Dublin, dealer.

John Lacy, formetly of the city of Dublin, cordwainer.

John Langan of the city of Dublin, vifiualler.

James Lattimoor of Clofagh in the county of Monaghan, linen weaver.

James Lowry of Clonconry in the county of Roscommon, yeoman.

Patrick Leonard of Clonconry in the county of Roscommon, yeoman.

Michael Lawler, late of the city of Cotk, linen weaver.

Andrew Molony of Garriduffe in the county of Westmeath.

Patrick Murray, late of the county of Roscommon, dealer.

William Morgan of Back-lane, Dublin, linen-draper.

John Murphy, formerly of Jonesborough in Ireland, but now of Lirerpoole in England, merchant.

- John Murray of Anagh in the county of Tyrone, weaver,

David Miller, of Tighe-street, Dublin, -linen weaver.

Thomas Mitchell of the city of Dublin, peruke maker.

Daniel Magennis, farmer.

James Matlon, late of the town of Armagh, brogue-maker.

James Mulhall of the city of Dublin, publican.

Constantine Magennis of the city of Dublin.

' Thomas Marshall of Meath-street, Dublin, linen weaver.

James Murray of the county of Dublin, dealer.

Richard Mault of the city of Dublin, calendar.

John Memnagh of the city of Dublin, dealer in earthen ware.

Francis Molloy, late of John-street, Dublin, flicerman.

John Montgomery of the city of Dublin, cabinet-maker.

William Malley of the city of Dublin, (lay-maker.

John Moran, late of Swords, in the county of Dublin, pump-maker.

John Morell of the city of Dublin, carpenter.

Robert Morrow of SaintfieM in the county of Down, glazier.

John Minnagh, late of the city of Dublin, dealer.

Edward Malone of Raw in the county of Monaghan, carman.

William Martin of Piunkct-street, Dublin, weaver.

John Madden,.late of Goley-Spur in the city of Cork, buckle-maker,

Nicholas Murray of I,u(fc in the county of Dublin, gardener.

Thomas Mackerncfs of McCracken’s-alley, Dublin, Ihoc-makes.

James McKeon of the city of Dublin, silver-smith.

James

The Seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

James McMahon, late of Strand-street, Dublin, taylor.

Daniel McNeal of Rainsford-street,. Dublin, weaver.

Roger McAvoy of Graige in the Queen’s county, farmer.

Alexander McDonnell in the city of Dublin, linen weaver, joseph McCarthy of Pimblico, Dublin, tallow chandler.

Redmond McManus of Swadling-bar in the county of Cavan, merchant.

Condantine McCarron of Elker in the county of Monaghan, dealer.

Alexander McGregor of Gravel-walk, Dublin, taylor.

Daniel McAntaggart of Tylebryan in the county of Tyrone, butcher.

Patrick McCarthy, now a fugitive for debt.

Laughlin McManus, farmer.

Daniel McManus, dealer.

Daniel McRobin, late of Cook-street, Dublin, publican.

Mathew McBride of the county of Dublin, labourer.

John McCabe, late of Ballybough-bridge, in the county of Dublin, ale-draper. Edward McLoughlin, formerly of Britain-street, Dublin, publican.

Richard McCombe of Stewarts-town in the county of Tyrone, parish clerk.

Susanna McClane, wife of James McLane, late of Galey in the county of Roscommon, on behalf of her said husband.

Bryan McCabe, late of the city of Dublin, dealer.

Hugh McDaniel of Greek-street, late a grocer.

Robert McAlelter, formerly of Lazor’s-hill, Dublin, linen weaver.

Miles McCabe of the city of Dublin, a grocer, and lately a clerk.

James McCiltrick of Gray-Abbey, in the county of Down, farmer and dealer. Thomas McLaughlin of the city of Dublin, gentleman.

Thomas McCutcheon of Anny in the county of Monaghan, labourer.

Dennis McGuinness of Glafough in the county of Monaghan, labourer.

Denis McDonald of Caridevelilk, in the county of Monaghan.

John McGough of Lea in the county of Monaghan, dealer.

Calaghan McCarthy of the city of Cork, gentleman.

James Mc Georgh of Ballytrane in the county of Monaghan, diitiller.

Dennis McCraith, late of Kilworth in the county of Cork, shop-keeper and farmer. Felix McDonald, senior, Felix McDonald, junior of Clontreat in the county of Monaghan, farmers and dealers.

William Marra, formerly of Cork, flatcr and plaisterer.

Patrick Murray of Strand-street, Dublin, publican.

John Murphy, late of Hollybrook, county Dublin, publican.

John Murphy late of the city of Cork, linen weaver.

William Mangin of Kilkenny, carman.

Michael North late of the city of Dublin, itationer.

Henry Neale of the county of Tyrone, baker.

Richard Netterville of the city of Dublin, sugar baker.

Andrew Nouge, late of Thomas-street, Dublin, card-maker and grocer.

George Noonan of Bolton-street, Dublin, sadler.

Thomas Naghton of Athlone county Roscommon, yeoman.

John Nclbitt, late of Ballybea county of Monaghan, diitiller.

Thomas O'Connor, late of Idand-bridge, vintner.

Edmund O'Hara of Lifrcnny in the county of Louth, yeoman.

Thomas O'Brien of the city of Dublin.

Sarah O'Neill, otherwise Magcnnis, widow.

Simon O'Brien of Donnycarny in the county of Dublin, dealer.

Conn O'Neill of Baroultown in the county of Louth, dealer.

John O'Malley, late of Castlebar, merchant.

Thomas O'Brien of the city of Dublin, dealer.

Anthony Plant of the county of Kildare, dealer.

N n 2 James

A.

l7h

Chap

144

The seventeenth and eighteenth

Years of George III.

A.D.

James Plunkett of the city of Dublin, cotton manufacturer. j Jeffry Prendergast of the city of Dublin, girt webb-weaver.

Chap. 14. J°*n ^ePPer of Ballymagarick, in the county of Down, black smith and horse —y—dealer.

Garret Piggott of the city of Dublin, weaver.

Robert Power, late of Francis-street, grocer.

William Pressly, formerly of Belfast, and now of the city of Dublin, carrier and dealer.

John Quinn of the city of Dublin, formerly a grocer.

Patrick Quinn, formerly of Loughbrickland in the county of Down, dealer. Nicholas Read, late of the city of Dublin, difliller.

John Roe of the city of Dublin, ribond weaver.

Thomas Ridley, silk weaver.

Jerry Rury of the city of Cork, butter-buyer.

James Rogers of Dromeronc in the county of Tyrone, weaver.

William Rogers, late of Dirty-lane, Thomns-ilrcet, grocer.

Richard Rofcow of the city of Dublin, dealer.

Philip Reilly of the city of Dublin, taylor.

John Robertson of the city of Dublin, taylor.

John Richardson, the elder, of Glassnevin in the county of Dublin, ferrant.

John Richardson, the younger, of Glassnevin in the county of Dublin, lapidary. Philip Reilly, late of Knockbridge, in the county of Cavan, dealer in cattle.

Edward Reilly of Kappy in the county of Cavan, labourer.

Gilbert Reilly of the city of Dublin, grocer.

Michael Roth, late of Francis-street, Dublin, grocer.

Peter Rourke of Essex-street, in the city of Dublin, yeoman.

Edward Rourke, late of the city of Cork, linen-weaver.

Michael Ryan, late of the city of Dublin, Hax-dresser.

Andrew Reed of the city of Dublin, chairman.

Richard Stacy of the city of Dublin, joiner.

John Smyth of Augliafaverty near Castlefhane in the county of Monaghan, farmer.

James Straiton of the city of Dublin, porter.

Nicholas Smyth of the city of Dublin, grocer.

John Shckleton of the city of Dublin, silversmith.

Peter Smith, worlted weaver,

Agnes Scaright, widow, William Searight her son, of Newry in the county of Down, co-partners.

Thomas Stretch of the city of Dublin, clerk.

Mathew Stritch of the city of Dublin, upholder.

John Sharkatt, peruke-maker.

James Sheridan, late of Carrickmacross in the county of Monaghan, dtftiller.

James Sarsfield of the city of Dublin, waiter.

Thomas Sheridan, formerly of Melanfoot in the county of Meath, farmer.

James Sliync, late of Mallow in the county of Cork, innholder.

Patrick Shaughnessey of Loughrea in the county of Galway, dealer and merchant.

Laurence.Stafford, late of Maynooth, yeoman.

Rebecca Smith, otherwise Philips, of Wood-lireet in the city of Dublin, milliner.*

Edward Smith of Robert-street, Dublin, weaver.

William Shaw of the city of Dublin, weaver.

Patrick Savage of the city of Cork, cooper.

William Sargent, late of Barrack-street, publican.

John Sullivan, formerly of the city of Cork, dealer.

6

Alexander

The seventeettlh and eighteenth TTeAn of George III.

Alexander Smith of Clondermot in the county of Londonderry.

Michael Sullivan, late of the city of Cork, carpenter and publican.

'William Taaffe, late of Domelftown.

Richard Thunder, late of Pill-lane, Dublin, silk-weaver.

James Thaker of Stuarts-town.

William Tongue of the city of Dublin, victualler.

John Tobin of Pool-street, weaver.

Henry Threfliam, late of StephenVstreet, Dublin, carpenter.

Reynard Vento of the city of Dublin, publican.

Denis Whelan of Watling-strefit, flritthftr.

Laurence White of Clontarf in the county of Dublin, bricklayer.

Henry White of Clonmell in the county of Tipperary, merchant.

John Willon, late of Ormond-market, Dublin, butcher.

John Williams, late of Dame-street, Dublin, carver.

John Whearty of the county of the town of Drogheda, brogue-maker.

Patrick White of Fleet-street, Dublin, carpenter.

John West of the city of Cork, wool-card-maker, peter Williams, late of the city of Dublin, stay-maker.

James White, late of Dublin, stone-cutter.

Samuel Wilson of Carbrack in die county of Monaghan, farmer.

Laurence Williams, late of the city of Kilkenny, shopkeeper, a fugitive for debt.

James Wright of the city of Dublin, weaver.

John Wilson of the town of Ballytrean in the county of Monaghan, linen-

*45 A.D.

1777.8. Chap. 14.

weaver.

Peter Walfli of the city of Dublin, publican.

Michael Walfli, late of Ballymartin, in the county of Kilkenny, farmer, but now of the city of Dublin.

John Wren of the city of Dublin.

Petition of certain Persons-in the Gaol of Cork.

John Bryan Denis Dorgan John McCarthy Patrick Savage Francis Barry Mathias Dcmpfey

Timothy He'iierty William Keene Tim. Sinnott William Tivey Thomas Williams.

Petitioners from the Four Courts Marshalsea.

Bryan Gorrihan.

Bryan Reily, formerly of Finea in the county of Cavan, dealer and chapman. Michael Kelly, late of Stafford-ilredt, Dublin, vintner.

Timothy Connell, taylor.

Patrick Mcllmury.

Petitioners from the City Marshalsea.

Thomas Gorman of Gravel-walk, labourer.

KogcrMcDaniel, late of Bridge-street, labourer.

Ferdinand Gallagher, late of Straw-market, Smithfield, labourer. Peter Carty, carman, petitioner from the Liberty marshalsea.

SECOND

146 Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George

A.D.

1777-8. SECOND S<]EDUtE.

Chap. 14.

PART FIRST.

Petitioners petitioned against.

'Cork Gaol*

John Donnellan Henry Casey.

Cork City Gaol!

John Cartin Paul Webber.

Daniel Connor esquire

Tyrone Gaol.

John Alexander.

Lifford Gaol.

Hugh Crumlilk.

Lowth Gaol.

William Thornton.

Downpatrick Gaol.

Edward Doran.

Londonderry Gaol.

John Moorhead.

Drogheda Gaol.

Patrick Tiernan.

Kilmainham Gaol.

Reverend James McMahon James Connelly.

James Kelly

Four-Court Marshalsea

Thomas Barnet Michael Clary

Richard Cufack James McConnell

Edward Fitz-Gerald Andrew Mahon

Andrew Hartford Mathew Brien

Peter Jordan Edward Jrwine

John Kennedy William Pollock

Edmund Kenna Ambrose Sharman

"William Hamilton Robert Stubbs

James Kelly William Warren

Michael Kearns John Clanchy

Mitchelbom Knox Hugh Hynes

'Samuel Law Thomas Kelly

Joseph Lancaster Nicholas Magan

Hugh Logan James Gilford.

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

James Caldwell James McQuoan Patrick Inland Patrick Kelly

City Marshalsea.

Michael Duffy William Moncks John Chambers.

John Goold

Newgate and Black Dog.

Robert Belles.

Gaol of Tralee. Miles McSweeny.

Leitrim Gaol. William Jones.

James Ryan

Limerick City Gaol.

Luke Cregan.

Marshnlfca of Dundalk. Thomas Byrne.

Gaol of Omagh. Gerald Kyle.

Waterford Gaol. Patrick Walfli.

SECOND SCHEDULE. PART the SECOND. Petitioners petitioned again]}.

John Allen a mariner.

Edward Aylmer, late of Church-street, Dublin, grocer.

Richard Brady of the city of Dublin, publican.

Thomas Bcntly, late of Dolphin’s-barn, chcmitt,

William Bigley of the city of Dublin, baker.

William Bourke of the city of Dublin, merchant.

Thomas Bermingham.of the city of Dublin, baker.

John Bourke esquire of the city Dublin.

John Barry of the city of Dublin, vintner.

Thomas Bourke of Ballybough-bridge in the county of Dublin, grocer. James Butler of Cook-street, in the city of Dublin, linen-weaver. Bartholomew Connell of Dublin, baker.

Patrick Cullen, late of William-street, taylor.

John Connolly, late of John-street, Dublin, clothier.

Nicholas l.'afcy of Cook-street, Dublin, Tilk-wcavcr.

Thomas Crosbie of Killiner near Drogheda, linen-weaver.

Thomas Cantrell, formerly of William-street, Dublin, upholder. Patrick Capprich of Mecklenburgh-hrcet, labourer.

Michael Crotty of Meath-row, carpenter.

Owen Connor, late of Watling-street, Dublin, chapman and dealer. Barnaby Dowling of the city of Dublin, muCcian.

James

\ f 48 The Jsventeenth and eighteenth Years sf George III.

D. James Dunn of Dorset-street, smith and farrier.

1 JJ'J-ft' Daniel Delany, late of Francis-street, woOilert-draper.

Chap. 14. Ifa»c Hays Dunbar of the city of Dublish, glass-maker.

' Thomas Fox of Thomas-eourt, Dublin, baker.

Thomas Farrell.

Edward Forfter, M. D.

Hugh Flagherty, late of the earl of Meath’s liberty, clothier.

Thoma3 Finey of the city of Dublin, writing-clerk.

Richard Fagan, merchant.

James Gaffney of the city of Dublin, carpenter.

"William Goodiffon of Kevan-street, Dublin, tobacconist.

John Goff of Broad-street, weaver.

Jeremiah Harney, late of College-green, Dublin, poplin-mercer.

Andrew Harford of Cook-street, Dublin, publican.

James Holmes, jeweller.

Henry Hatched, goldsmith.

James Hole, late of the city of Dublin, coach-maker.

Patrick Hornidge of Bull-lane, Dublin, publican.

James Irwin, date of Maguire’s-bridge, county Fermanagh, apothecary and inn-holder.

William Kinnicr of the city of Dublin, brecches-maker.

Christopher Kerny of the city of Dublin, butcher.

Henry King.

William Kelfy of the city of Dublin, dealer.

Peter Lawler, cabinet-maker.

John Langan of Luder in the county of Meath, farmer.

John Leary, late of Trinity-street, Dublin, publican.

Christopher Lynhan, late of Mill-street, Dublin, brewer.

Kevan Lawless of the.city of Dublin, writing-clerk.

David Lyon of the city of Dublin, taylor.

Dennis Lynch of the city of Dublin, publican.

John Mullegan, gentleman.

Thomas Mulvany of Onpond-market, Dublin, victualler.

Roger Molloy.

Joseph Moreton of Ballbriggen, distiller.

Patrick Magennis, late of Watcmnder in the county of Louth, farmer.

Patrick McMoIlen of PooKlreet, Dublin, weaver.

Charles McDonald of Britain-street, Dublin,’ coachmaker.

Michael McLaughlin of the city of Dublin, victualler.

Francis McMahon of the city of Dublin, brewer.

Thomas McGawley of the city of Dublin, baker.

Martin Norton of the city of Dublin, watch-maker.

James Nowlan, late of FordamVallcy, Dublin, now a fugitive for debt in London.

Samnel Plummer, late of Clontarf in the county of Dublin.

William O’Brien of the city of Dublin, gentleman.

John Osborne of the city of Dublin, baker.

George Tallin of the city of Dublin, stuff-merccr.

'Caleb Paine, late of Ballinnfloe in the county of Galway, farmer.

John Plunkett, late of Corn-market, hosier.

John Priestly of the city of Dublin, attorney.

Robert Rutledge of Lifdort in the county of Tyrone, publican.

John Reilly, late of Dunfliaughlin county Meath, farmer.

Daniel Stephens, of Marrowbone-lane, weaver.

John Stone of the city of Dublin, dye-linker and metal-worker.

S

George

2%e Jiventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

George Savage of Bolton-street Dublin, victualler.

Charles Smith, late of the Mercham’s-quay Dublin, cabinetmaker.

Mark Tew of Raddenltown in the county of Meath.

George Tew of Graigue in the county of Meath.

John Tukeof Tinnchincli in the comity of Wicklow, farmer.

Reverend Anthony Towers.

John'l'wiggof the city of Dublin, gentleman.

Elizabeth Wright of the' city of Dublin, widow, a prisoner in the city mar-llialfea.

lane Wallli of Drogheda, dealer.

Stephen Williams of Trim in the county of Meath, vintner.

John Wilson of Ormond-Rreet in the city of Dublin, linen-weaver.

John Wilson of the city cf Dublin, tallow-chandler.

William Wilson of the city of Dublin, writing-clerk.

Broderick Wheeler of the city of Kilkenny, watch-maker.

ChrlRopher Ward, late of Thomas-street Dublin, yarn-dealer,

CHAP. XV.

149 A.D.

17778.

An Act to enable tcjlamcnlary Guardians of Minors to mate Leafesfir the Purpose of building County Infirmaries and Hospitals on the EJlatcs of such Minors, subject to the Rejlriilions herein after mentioned.'

WHEREAS by an act made in the fifth year of his present 5 <?. 3. o.

Majesty for the erecting and establi thing publick infirmaries 20, or hospitals in this kingdom tenants for life are impowered to make fee farm grants or leases in perpetuity of any quantity of ground, not exceeding two acres, for the purpose of erecting a county infirmary or hospital: and whereas by an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty, made to amend the aforesaid recited act, archbishops, bishops, and other corporate bodies, g:1 are impowered to make leases in perpetuity and in reversion of any quantity of ground, not exceeding two acres, at a reasonable

rcut, for erecting an infirmary or hospital for any county: but no provision is made by the said recited acts to enable the tef-tomentary guardians of minors to make leases in perpetuity for the lame purpose, which has prevented the erecting of infirmaries in places proper for them: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with, the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the testamentary guardian or guar-dians of any minor or minors to make aleafe or leases in per- t»iy(u»r. petuity of any quantity of land, not exceeding two acres, and icarA'n'peTpe-not being part of the demesne land, of any minor or minors, at tovea acra.

Vol. Xf. P p the

150 The fevsnleenih and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

the moll improved rent, to the governors of any county infirmary or hospital; which lease or leases the said guardians are hereby not pan of <ie- impowered to make respectively, for erecting an infirmary or hot riiprureii rent P'ta* for any county.: provided such lease be approved of by the i'dr comity chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for keeping the if approved great seals for the time being, by his or their order upon a petition. lili'ortS. to hi or them for that purpose.

'CHAP. XVI.

An Act for granting and continuing to His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, and Impositions therein mentioned, for the life of the Corporation for promoting and carrying on an Inland Navigation in Ireland.

duties »i "V)t WHEREAS by an act made in the third year of the reign 3 c- v t of his late Majesty king George the fecoud, entitled. An 3 aS for the encouragement of tillage and the belter employment of the

poor, and also for the more elseSual putting in execution an aS, entitled, An act to encourage the draining of bogs and unprofitable tow grounds, and for casing and dispalching the inland carriage and conveyance of goods from one part to another within this kingdom, and also for laying several duties upon coaches, bcrlins, chariots, ealajhes, chaises, and chairs, and upon cards and dice, and upon wrought and manufaSurcd gold andfiver plate imported into or made in Ireland for the purposes therein mentioned; and also for the repealing the duties.payable upon the exportation of wool, bay yarn, and woollen yarn out of this kingdom for England,- the several rates and duties therein mentioned were granted to his Majesty from the twenty fifth Hay of March one thousand seven hundred and thirty for the term of twenty one years for the purposes mentioned in the said continued aft; which said several rates and duties by an act passed in the V c'Tc1 twenty third year of his said Majesty's reign were further granted

j. and continued to his said Majesty from the said twenty fifth day

of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty one for and during the further term of twenty one years from thence next enduing for the purposes therein mentioned; which said several am! 7 years rates and duties by an act, passed in the eleventh and twelfth a yews of the reign of his present Majesty king George the third,

were further granted and continued to his Majesty from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and

feveilty two, and for and during the term of seven years from

thence next ensuing for the purposes mentioned in the said act,

and

The seventeenth. and eighteenth Years of George III. inl-

and by the said act of the third of his late Majesty king George A.- D. the second, several commissioners were appointed with powers 1777"®* upon the death of any of their number to elect others in perpetual succession, and with powers to dispose of the said rates commis-and duties for the purposes in the said act mentioned: and ^c^nice' whereas the said commissioners have been since incorporated by l0C0rP°rite<,» the name of the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, and the said corporation hath accordingly laid out and applied divers considerable sums of money conMc(. arising from the said duties in and towards the making and car- able sums tying on several useful and necessary works, some of which are ^fc/uTworL, now nearly finished: and whereas the said term of seven years, for which the said duties were granted, will expire on the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and in case the fame should not be continued, the works now carrying on, and several other publick and useful works intended to be made in divers parts of this kingdom, cannot he made and finished, whereby the monies already laid out may be entirely loft, and the publick deprived of the benefit thereof: and

by the cor

whereas by the said act of the eleventh and twelfth years of the potation with reign of his present Majesty king George the third it is enabled, that it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation for pro- fount ion moling and carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom 4. *2 ’3 to contract upon the terms mentioned in the said act with pri- -

vate subscribers, undertaking to make and compleat any inland navigation, to give to such subscribers an aid towards carrying on such navigation, not exceeding in the whole one, Iixth part of the film which shall be necessary’ for carrying on and competing such navigation: and the said corporation have in conference of the said power in them vested by the said act entered into contract with private subscribers, who have undertaken to execute several works in this kingdom, to give to such subscribers an aid of the one sixth part of the sums by them from time to time expended in making and complicating the fame pur-fitant to the said act; and in case the said duties should not be continued, the publick faith in these several instances would be violated and broken, and works so contracted for as aforesaid would probably be discontinued and totally deserted by means of such breach of compact to the injury of such private subscribers, and the great lol's and detriment of this kingdom: for the prevention whereof, and the better and more eft’edually to enable the said corporation to carry on and compleat works of such publick advantage, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma-P p 2 jesty

15 2 The fevmteerath and eighteenth Yean of George III.

A. P. jesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual 1777-8. and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, Chap. 16. an(j ty the authority of the same, That the several rates, impo-duiKs l>y 3 litions, ajtd duties on coaches, berlins, chariots, calathes, omiim afar c'la'^cs> and chairs, cards, and dice, wrought and manufactured ufeoffjid gold and hirer plate, which in and by the said act of the 7°jn"frora of his late Majesty were granted and made chargeable 25 March in the manner in the said act mentioned, he further granted,

1779‘ continued, raised, collected, levied, and paid unto his Majesty

his heirs and successors, for the use of the said corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine for and during the further term of seven years from thence next ensuing.

Raised and And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vaidasbyjG. all and Angular the rates, duties, and impositions hereby granted g 2’. c. and continued, shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid, dur-

Uuv In force "lnS the said further term of seven years, at such times, in such

manner, and by such persons, as are directed and appointed by the said act of the third of his late Majesty, or by an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, or by any other law now in force relating to the said duties, rates, and impositions, as fully and effectually as if the said acts were repeated again and re-enacted in the body of this act} and that all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the said acts, or any of them, and which shall incur and arise during the said further term of seven years from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine shall he sued for, recovered, and applied in such manner, as by the said acts are di-rested} and the several offenders shall be subject to such punishment in case of nonpayment thereof, as are mentioned and appointed by the said acts.

III. And whereas it may be found expedient and necessarvfor All pow<» , v.

In itwcorpi.- enabling, the corporation for promoting and carrying on an m-

ntion renew navigation in Ireland more effectually to carry into execution the purposes of this act, that the powers granted them by any former acts of parliament should be also renewed: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and singular the powers vested in the said corporation by any law now in force, shall be renewed and granted to them in as full and ample manner, as if the clauses granting the fame were repeated again and re-enacted in the body of this act.

S

The seventeenth and eighteenth yean of George III. 15

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from A.D. and after this act shall pass into a law, it shall not be lawful 1777-8-for the said corporation to make, lfliie, or grant any new war- Chap. 16. rant or warrants, order or orders, for raising or paying any sum or sums of money out of the funds of the said corporation for v;arta"t'i l'y

* the corpora-

any use or purpose whatsoever (the payment of officers and fer- tion formo. vants salaries, and house rent, and such sums as may be necef- fu'J'ds"!.,°|ftli: fary to repair any accidental breaches which may happen in any j.h°fe navigation now in use, and which the tolls of such navigation are discharg-are not sufficient to repair, excepted) until such time as all the 'df,efor outstanding and unsatisfied warrants or orders of the said corporation for money thereby already granted, and also until all dental' the debts already incurred by the said corporation, shall be fully breacl>cs-paid off and discharged; any law, bye law, resolution, or order of the said corporation to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that No for-

when and at such time as all such warrants or orders of the said corporation for the payment of money already granted said)

r , , corporation

thereby* or for payment of debts already incurred by the said after arrears corporation* shall have been paid off and discharged, and the said corporation thereby entirely relieved from debt, and free from arrear, it shall not be lawful for the said corporation to re- fun()s to pay

solve* order* or grant any sum or sums of money to be raised

or paid out of the funds of the said corporation for any use or void, purpose whatsoever (the payment of officers and servants salaries, and house rent, and such sums as may be necessary to repair any accidental breaches which may happen in any navigation now in use, and which the tolls of such navigation shall not be sufficient to repair, excepted) unless there shall be in die funds of the said corporation at the respective times of making such order or orders, resolution or resolutions, grant or grants, so much money, as will be sufficient to pay and discharge the fame; and if there shall not be in the funds of the said corporation at the respective times of making such order or orders, resolution or resolutions, grant or grants, as much money as will satisfy and pay the same then and in such cases the said order or orders* re--folutioti or resolutions, grant or grants, of the said corporation, shall be deemed and taken to be null and void to all intents and purposes; any act of parliament, bye-law, resolution, or order of the said corporation to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAP.

1 5^. The /eventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

*777*. CHAP; XVII.

An act to amend and continue an act pafed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, and for other purposes.

Produce of IT WHEREAS the present table for regulating the assize of whnTihted W bread is confessedly inaccurate, as Rating the produce of too high, the quarter of wheat higher, than it is found to be by the most

accurate experiments} from whence a necessity arises of impowering the magistrate to vary the allowance to the baker, as the price of wheat and flour varies, which creates much trouble to the magistrate, and occasions frequent disputes between him and the baker: and whereas it is therefore judged expedient to ascertain, as near as may be, the just quantity, which a quarter of wheat shall be supposed to produce, and to fix a certain reasonable allowance, to the baker, which shall never vary, except when the increase of his necessary expences in baking may re-instead of quire it: be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and h7’7h1d °d tempora^ anl' commons in this present parliament assembled, and whit* by the authority of the same, that from the twenty fourth annexed(aW' June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight

wheat’, de- the weight of all houshold and white bread, instead of being re-37*0^711). gulated by the table of assize annexed to the said act, shall be iTiiIUf KM reSu,ated by fbe table annexed to the present act, in which the as (tone ’ value of a quarter of wheat, after deducting the miller’s toll, is *iiflourequdf *n houshold breadftated at thirty seven stone seven pounds; and thereto. twenty eight stone and an half of all kinds of flour, bought by ofhOTfchoid' the bakers, shall be deemed equal to said quarter of wheat} and

by the fame table all white bread shall weigh two thirds of tot. on M houshold bread of the fame price; and the magistrate shall quarter. gjwe an allowance of ten shillings only on laid quarter.

Journey-

II. And for remedy of the great distresses and inconvenicnrics, worse'orquh- that have arisen in the city of Dublin and the liberties adjacent memptaytr’i ^rom combinations and other licentious practices of the jour-fiavinj; ap- neymen of the baking trade, be it enacted by the authority afore-absenting or said that any journeyman baker refusing to work with or who quitting foall quit the service of his employer on account of his employer wcck°justice, having one or more apprentices, or who shall absent himself or Jamaging *Tom or *Iult service of his laid employer without giving his cmpiojet'i said

r'fptrtr.

The feveriieenth and eighteenth years of George III. 155

laid employer one week’s previous notice of his intention so to A.D. do, or who shall he guilty of entering into any combination 1777-8, against the said master bakers, or any other person concerned in Chap, 17. said trade, or any journeyman baker who shall wilfully or maliciously damage, adulterate, or destroy the materials or property of his employer, shall upon due proof thereof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the lord mayor or any other magistrate of the city of Dublin or liberties thereunto adjoining, be fined any sum, not exceeding five pounds, fined ji. or or imprisonment any time not exceeding one month, at the 113nth,d discretion of the magistrate before whom such proofs shall be made; and that any master baker within said city or liberties balerem-thereunto adjoining, who shall employ any journeyman baker, mS after, convicted as aforesaid, within six months after such conviction, *nwl'ol-a* shall upon due proof thereof be fined ten pounds, to be recovered is. and applied as is directed by an act of the first of George IIre second, entitled, An act for regulating the price and afize of bread and the markets.

III. And whereas divers frauds are often practised by persons felling or offering to sale wheat, rye, meflin, peas, beans, barley, here, oats, shillin, cutlings, meal, flour, and malt, by spoiling or adulterating the fame or part thereof, or producing to the view of the intended buyer a species of such com, grain, malt, meal, or flour, of a quality superior to the bulk of that so offered to sale, in order by such means to deceive and defraud the buyer thereof; or person to whom the same shall be offered to sale: to prevent which injurious practices be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from henceforth if any person or persons co®cl^s;i| shall fell or offer to sale any of the said forts of corn, grain, mah, meat, malt, meal, or flour, which shall in the whole or in part be °crnil'’'ir, not spoiled or adulterated by wetting or mixing therewith any sand, gravel, dirt, rotten or damaged corn, grain, malt, meal, fraud on buy-or flour, or grown or blighted corn, or other kind of fluff, or which shall not be in quality of equal goodness to that produced u>o poor and to the view of the intended buyer or buyers thereof, or shall use any other fraud or deceit therein, or in order to make such com, grain, malt, meal, or flour appear heavier, than it would have been without such mixture, fraud, or deceit; every person, being lawfully convicted of any of the said frauds or deceits by the oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace shall for every such offence forfeit all such corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, one half thereof to the use of the informer, and the other half to the use of the poor of the parish

where

156 the seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

Where such offence shall have been committed, and also the sum 1777-8. of forty /hillings, to be levied by distress and sale of such offenders Chap. 17. goods; one moiety of which said sum of forty shillings shall be to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the use of if no dir- the poor of the parish as aforesaids and in case no such distress mittoi!* can be had, then every such offender shall by warrant under above 3 the hand and seal of fu'ch justice be sent to the house of cor-

weeks. J

rection, there to be whipped and kept to hard labour for such space of time, not exceeding three weeks, as such justice of the peace shall direct.

>s & H

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that & if & 16 the said act and one other act for amending the same, passed G. 3. c. 11. in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty, and

faveasamend- ‘

ed, cootinu- every danse m both the said aces, except as herein amended, rromi4 shall continue in force for two years from the twenty fourth June, 1778, day of june one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight and tjan&c to the end of the next session of parliament.

by 19 6 ao G. 3. c. IJ. f. 2.

a yean from i^Junc 1780, 6c. by >9is ao G. 3. c. 11.

/ 3-

A TABLE

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George IE. 157

A.D. 1777.8.

__________ Chap. 17.-

A

TABLE

Of the ASSIZE of BREAD,

In Pounds, Ounces, and Drachms, avoirdupois Weight.

Note, The Ounce is divided into Eight Drachms, calculated upon the real Produce of one Quarter of Wheat, viz. Thirty-seven Stone Seven Pounds.

Price of one Quarter.

1. s. d.

10

10

11

11

12 12 >3 «3 4

14

15

15

16

16

17 7

Penny Penny 6 Penny

Loaf. Loaf. Loaf.

lb.02.dr.pts. lb oz. dr. pts. lb oz.dr.pts.

5 13 2! 8 12 0

S 11 6£ 89S»

5 10 244 8 7 3#

5 8 7 i 8 5 24

5 7 4 8 3 2

S 6 i A 8 I I rr

5 4 a I® 0 TT 7 15 2 rr

5 3 . fftf 4 VT 7 13 2l?

5 2 244 7 n 4-A

5 I 1 "TOT 7964*

5 0 0 7 8 0

4 14 64? 7 6 2 4r

4 >3 6 v 7 4 5*

4 12 5tt 7 3 Ott

4 II 5 TT 7 1 4i4t

4 10 5* 7 0 0

R r

12 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. dr. pts.

17 8 O

17 3 3«

16 14 7«

16 10 5 4

16 6 4

16 2 3*

15 H 4 A

15 10 5*4

i5 7 °1T

15 3 Stt

IS 0 0

14 12 «» 4tr

H924

14 6

14 3 o-A

14 0 0

158

A.D. 1777.8. Chap. 17.

'fhc seventsenth and eighteenth years of George III.

Price of one Quarter.

Penny

Loaf.

L s.

d.

Ib.oz. dr. pts.

1 18 0 1 18 6 119 o

1 19 6 200 206 210 216 220 226 250

236

240

246

250

256

260

266

270

276

280

286

2 90 296

2 10 O

2 lo 6 2 U O 2 11 6 2 12 O 2 12 6 2 13 O 2 136 2 14 O 2 14 6 2 15 o

2 15 6

2 16 O 2 16 6 2 17 O

2 17 6 3180

3 18 6 2 49 0

2 19 6

3 0 0 406 3 r 0 3 1 6

3 2 0

3 2 €

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

s

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

a Penny 6 Penny 12 Penny

Loaf. Loaf. Loaf.

oz. dr. pts. lb oz. dr. pts. lb. oz. dr. pts.

95-ft 6 14 4ft 13 13 oft

8 it 5^ 6 13 0 ft 13 10 I ft

7' 6 if 6 11 5 ft 13 7 3*

6 7tV 6 10 2 ft 13 4 5ft

6 0 690 13 2 0

5 I Ti 6 7 S'*’’ 12 15 3 ft

4 2 4T 6 6 12 12 7ft

3 6 5 t ft 12 10 3 ft

2 5* 6 4 0 12 8 0

1 7* 6 2 /: to O iT 12 S 5ft

1 0# 6 1 12 3 2ft

0 2 $T 6 0 4 -it 12 I oft

15 5* 5 IS 3 ft It 14 7 ft

J4 7,« 5 14 3* II 12 6 if

H 1# 5 13 2 T n 10 5ft

'3 4ft 5 12 2ii n 8 4ft

12 7 a 5 11 3ft 11 6 6 iv

12 w 5 10 2 ft 11 4 5#

11 4i4 592ft 11 2 S'*

10 1? j-1 7 > 5 8 3 ft 11 0 6!?

10 2 T 5 7 4 id ]5 °,

95ft 5 6 4ft 10 13 1 i’-

98 1 s- 4ft 5 5 5 4 5 T 6 ft. 10 10 ll 3I95l?

8 0 5 4 0 10 8 0

7 3 &>- 5 3 I ft'r 10 6 2-iVr

6 7ft 6 2 2 ft 10 4 5 ‘s\

6 2 5 1 4 ftrf 10 3 our

? 6 ft 5 0 6 TT 10 1 4ft

5 2! S 0 0 10 0 0

4 6ft 4 IS t I' t TT914 3ft

4 2 lift 4 H 4ftT913 oft

3 6ft 4 13 619It 4’

3 3 ift 4 13 0 7ft910 1 ft*

2 7 ft 4 12 2 ft98 5ft

2 3 tVt 4 11 5ft97 aft

2 0 4 n 096 0

I 4 1IT 4 10 t 2 ViT94 5 ft*

I oft 495\*93 z'i

0 2-;f 49OT.r92 On}

0 2ft 4 8906ft

15 6 ift 4 7 0 "TT a 15 435

IS 3ft 4 7 29I TV $ 142ft

15 oft 4 6 4ft 8 13 1 ft

'4 5 V 4 6 0 8 12 0

H 2ft°i 4 5 3 Vr 8 10 7 fft

13 7 ft 4 4 bi’t 895i’

!3 4 ft 4 4 2 ft 8 8 4ft

>3 »ft 4 3 sft 8 7 3t*

12 6} 4 3 14 8 6 31

1.

d.

o

6

o

6

a

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

a

6

o

6

0

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

o

6

seventeenth and Sixteenth years of George IE. 159

Penny

Loaf.

lb.oz.dr.pts.

4 Penny Loaf.

lb.oz.dr.pts.

% 12 3

2 12 o/A

2 It 6

2 It 3 A?

2 II 0 A

2 IO 5 At

2 iq 344

2 10 0 ITT

29644

2 3 3.44

29I IT

2 8 7 TTT

2 8 4444

2 8 n 4» T TTT

2 8 0

2 7 54$4

2 f 3 44

2 7 1

2 6 n

2 6 4 H

a 6 l4i

2 (5 off

2 £ 6t4

2 S j'too 4

2 S 2 T

2 5 o474

2 4 64?

2 4 4^tt

2 4 24?

2 4 I 31-

2 3 7 iV

2 3 5

2 3 3#

2 3 i\

2 3 0

2 2 6,¥r

2 2 4t

2 2 2tJt

2 2 I TT

2 I 7tt

2 I 5tI

2 I 4-nfr

2 I 2 T

2 1 , 1 f I I77

2 0 7

2 0 5

2 0 . *0 4*» - 166 2 > 7T

2 0

2 0 T 41 I TT

2 0 0

6 Penny Loaf.

Ib. oz.dr.pts.

4 2 54

4 2 2 ITT

4 1 5

4 1_t *0 O W

4 0 4*

4 0. Ot!?

3 15: 5

3 15, I A S

3 H 5*4

3 H I 7

3 3 '5 6 IT 2 At

3 ia 744

3 12 3 AV

3 14 0

3 n 4 TT

3 M I 44

3 ip 54

3 10 24

397 44

394tt

391 4

3 ? 6tt

3 P 3 ITT

3 P 0

3 7 5

3 7 2 w

3 6 7»

3 6 41V

3 6 I T*"

3 5 6-;?

3 5 . 4 TTT

3 5 I T&

3 4 64

3 4 4

3 4 1 iTr

3 3 6tt

3 3 4 nnr 1 TT

3 3

3 2 7lV

3 2 4 fi

3 2 A ITT

3 2 0

3 I 5

3 I 3*

3 I o#

3 0 /T 70 0 TT

3 0 - 7tf 4TTI

3 0* 2 TT

3 0 0

12 Penny Loaf.

lb.oz.dr.pts.

8 5 2

8 4 a AV

8 3 2

8 2 .11* I Try

8 1 I TT

8 0 I Hr

7 *5 2 rr

7 4 '2i’A

7 *3 2 fr

7 42 3*

7 it 4 A

7 10 5*4t

7964?

7 8 6 44?

7 8 0

7 7 1 A

7 6 2 44

7 5 3

7 4 5*

7 3 64?

7 3 O TT

7 2 2 T

7 1 4*

7 0 6t4»

7 0 0

6 *5 . 10 2 TTf

6 >4 4 iV

6 J3 64*

6 >3 O t r

6 12 3 A

6 11 5

6 11 0 jtt

6 10 2 4?

695

690

6 8 2 fir

6 7 5 44

6 7 — *1 Ottt

6 6 3

6 5 6 A

6 5 1 W

6 4 4424

6 4 0

6 3 3 AV

6 2 6 TT

6 2 I 44

6 1 5 44

6 1 of!4

6 0 4 4"

6 0 0

A.D.

1777-S. Chap. 17.

i6o The seventeenib and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

Price of 1777-8. Pne Chap. 17. ^arter'

1. 8. d.

480 4 8 6 490 496 4 10 o 4 jo 6 4 it o 4 11 6 4 12 0 4 12 6

4 >3 0 4 13 6 4 14 o 4 14 6

4 *5 0 4 15 6 4 \6 o 4 16 6 4 17 o 4 17 6 4 18 o 4 18 6 4 19 o 4 19 6 500

Penny Loaf.

b.oz.dr. pts.

4 Penny Loaf.

lb.oz.dr.pts.

I 15 6A

I 15

I 15 3

2 15 2 ITT

I 15 0!

I 14 7 iVr

I 14 6 TJ

I i4 5*

X 14

I 14 2 TT

I 14 0 If

I >3 , for 7 TTT

I 13 6i4

I 13 5

I 13 3t!

I 13 2-rff

I 13 I f

I 13 0 ITT

I 12 6 If

I 12

I 12 4*

I 12 - 81 3

I 12 n 2 ?T

X 12 * I TJ7

I 12 0

6 Penny

Loaf.

lb.oz.dr.pts.

2 15 5*

215 3»

2 15 1 A

2 71%

2 14 5*

2 14 3*V

2 H I TT

2 *3 7*»

2 *3 5#

2 *3 3*

2 *3 I It

2 12 7-/rr

2 12 5

2 12 3»

2 12 l«

2 11 7 ft*

2 rr 6

2 u 4-fn

2 11 2 if

2 11 o-rr

2 10 64

Z 10 5^rr

2 10 3«

% 10 I TTff

2 10 0

12 Penny

Loaf.

lb.oz.dr.pts.

5 *5 3*

5 14 7 i?

5 14 3 A

5 >3 6 HI

5 »3 2?

5 12 6*

5 12 A

5 11 7Aj

5 11 3'A

5 10

5 10 *ff

59

S9

5 8 71

5 8 3 A

5 7 n in / in

5 7 4

5 7 °A

5 6 4Jf

5 6 H

5 5 54

5 5 O 4f 4T7T

5 4 6 W

5 4 3

5 4 0

2

A TABLE

the [eventeenth and eighteenth years of George fit, t6t

Aft *777-8.' Chap, ij/1*

r crru'

TABLE

Of ASSIZE For WHITE BREADj

Calculated at 2-3 of the HOUSEHOLD ASSIZE.

Price.

1. s. d.

10

10 n

11

12 12 >3 'S

14

'4

<5

15

16

16

17 7

18

18

19 19

s 0 2 0 2

4i 1

6

VOL.

2 Penny Loaf. 4 Penny Loaf. 6 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. dr. lb. oz. dr; lb. oz. dr;

I 15 or 3 »4 if 5 13 2f

I 14 4i 3 13 if 5 11 64

I 14 of 3 IZ It 5 io 24

I 13 44 3 11 I 5" 8 5f

r 13 «4 3 10 2} 5 7 4

1 12 544 3934 5 6

1 12 2 3 8 44 5 4 64

1 II 6f 3 7 54 5 3 44

r II 3i 3 6 7 3 2 2|

1 II of 3 6 i 5 1 »4

1 IO 5i 3 5 2i 500

1 10 2i 3 4 4f 4 14 65

197f 3 3 6f 4 13 64

194$ 3 3 1 4 12 54

192 3 2 4' 4 11 6\.

1 8 7 3 I 6 4 10 54

1 8 44 3 I of 4954

1 8 Iii 3 0 3i 4 8 54

1 7 75 z 5 65 4 7

1 7 5. 2 *5 2 467

1 7 2! 2 14 54 460

1 7 2 *4 0 i 4 5 14

1 6 6 2 13 4t 4 4 24

t XJ4 6 344 2 12 7tf S 4 4 344 s

r2 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. dr.

it 10 51 n 7 4* 11 4 5 n 1 si

10 15 Or

io iz Zt 16 5 5{

7 L

4 5*

2 3*

0 o 13 5i 11 4t93*' 7 4*

5 2t

3 2?

1 3* *5 4?

8 13 6 8 12 o 8 io 2'

8 84?

8 6 74

10

10

io

io

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

8

162 the fvcjiteenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

Price.

2 Penny Loaf.

4 Penny Loaf.

6 Penny 12 Penny Loaf. Loaf. i

Chap. 17, 1. s. d. lb. oz. dr.

z 2 0 I 6 n

Z 2 6 1 5 7!

Z 3 0 I s SII-

Z 3 6 5 3 Hr

z 4 0 I 5 1#

z 4 6 t 4 7r

z 5 0 I 4 fl

z 5 6 I 4 4

z 6 0 I 4 2#

z € 1 4

z 7 0 I 3 6#

z 7 6 i 3 54

z 8 0 a 3 5 5

z 8 6 1 3 >44

z90 1 3

z96 1 2 64

£ 10 0 1 2 5r

z 10 6 1 2 34

z ir 0 X 2 2-rV

z 11 6 1 2 o'r4

z 12 0 1 1 7tV

2 1.2 I 1 fiy

Z 13 0 1 1 4|

z 13 6 1 1 3’

z i4 0 1 2 ;2t?

2 14 6 1 1 I

2 5 0 X 0 71

2 15 6 1 0 6*

2 16 0 1 0 *4

2 16 6. X 0 4

2 >7 0 X 0 2ff

Z »7 6 I 0 >4

2 18 I 0 °44

2 18 .6 . 0 15 7V

2 0 p IS 61#

2 ,6 0 15 544

3 0 40 0 15 47

3 o. 6 0 1* 3\

3 1 -0 0 IS 2rs

3 1 j6 0 15 l%

3 2 a 0 15 OTff

3 a 6 0 14 7iV

3 :3 .0 0 14 6i

3 :3 6 0 14 51

3 4 0 0 H 44

3 4 6 0 H 37

3 S & 0 H 2s-

3 S 6 0 >4 I ft

3 a TO 0 14 I

3 ‘.6 6 0 14 OlV

I

lb oz. dr lb oz. dr-, lb 02, dr.

2 12 3$ 4 2 5s 8 5

2 II 74 4 I 7, 8 3 6

2 II 3s 4 1 oi 8 2

2 10 7? 4 O 2-4 8 0 51

2 10 3i 3 15 5 7 >5 2

297f 3 H 7 7 13 6

293 s 3- 14 15 7 u 3

2 8 8 3 *3 4r 7 u oj

2 8 5 - 3 12 74 797

2 8 i4 3 12 li 7 8 34

2 7 5r 3 11 44 7 7 1

2 7 2> 3 10 7* 7 5 7

2 6 7 3 10 25 7 4 5i

2 6 3| 3954 7 3 3f

2 6 of 391 7 z *1

2 5 5* 3 8 4t 7 1

2 3 S 0 7 0 0

2 4 74 3 7 34; 6 14 7

2 4 44 3 6 7 6 13 6.1

2 4 1" 3 6 2ff 6-n J!

2 3 74 3 5 6# 6 u 5i

2 3 4j 3 5 »T 6 10 51

2 3 if 3 4 6i 695

2 2 7 3 4 2t 6 8 51

2 2 44 3 3 64 6 7 5t

2 2 2 3 3 3 6 6 6

2 I 7> 3 2 7* .6 5 6i

2 I 5, 3 2 34 6 4 7

2 I 2ff 3 2 0 6 4 0

2 I 0 3 t 4 6 3

2 O 3 I Off 6 2 H

2 0 3t 3 0 54 6 1 3

2 0 >7 3 0 2 6 0 41

I 15 7* 2 15 6J 5 >5 5f

J 15 5 2 15 3* 5 >4 71

I 15 214 2 15 of 5 *4

I 15 °4 2 H 57 5 '3 2f

I 14 7 2 14 25 5 12 5

14 44 2 ij 7 5 n 6j

I 14 2» 2 13 4t 5 11 °t

14 °4 A 13 1 5 10 2i

I >3 644 2 12 6 594 s

I >3 5 2 12 3s 5 8 7

1 >3 3 2 12 °! 5 8 >r

I 13 2 II 6 5 7 4

I 12 74 2 II 3* 5 6 6k

12 54 2 11 ol 5 6 li

I 12 35- 2 10 5s .5 5

12 2 2 IO 3'j 5 4 6J

I 12 07 . 2 10 Off 5 4 if

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

163

2 Penny Penny

Price Loaf. Loaf

i. s. d. lb oz. dr. lb 02. dr.

3 7 0 0 13 n I it 61

3 7 6 0 13 6« I 11 si

3 8 0 0 lS Slz I H 3 a

3 8 6 0 lS 4$ I 11 1

390 0 *3 4& I 11 °y

396 0 l3 3! I 10 6$

3 10 0 0 >3 2y (I 10 5i

3 10 6 0 13 1 I 10 Si

3 11 0 0 13 I I 10 2

3 11 6 0 *3 of .1 10 °l

<1 3 12 0 0 12 if I97y

3 12 6 0 12 I96

3 1% 0 0 12 X94*

3 '3 6 0 12 5ti 1931

3 >4 0 0 12 4t I9

3 H 6; 0 12 4f , I9Off

3 IS 0 0 12 3* I 8 7

3 IS 6 0 12 '2V I S

3 16 0 0 12 2v I 8 4

3 16 6 0 12 if I 8 3

3 17 0 0 12 of I 8 if

3 it 6 0 12 °} I 8 °y

3 18 0 0 11 7| I 7 71

3 18 6 0 11 ll I 7 7

3 19 0 0 11 6 s' I 7 4f

3 19 6 0 11 5f I 7 3l

4 0 0 0 11 5t I 7 a?

4 0 6 0 11 4jl I 7 i|

4 I 0 0 11 4f I 7 of

4 1 6 0 11 I 6 7

4 2 0 0 11 3, I 6 6

4 2 6 0 11 2! I 6 5

4 3 0 0 11 , TT I 6 3*

4 3 6 0 11 >1 I 6 3

4 4 0 0 11 Oy I 6 >7

4 4 6 0 11 Oy I 6 of

4 5 0 0 10 7f I S 7#

4 5 6 0 10 71 I S 6?

4 6 0 0 10 6f I S 5#

4 6 6 0 10 61 I S 4§

4 7 0 0 10 5$ I 5 31

4 7 6 0 10 5l I 5 2y

4 8 0 0 10 4y I 5 '1

4 8 6 0 10 4y I 5 °y

490 0 10 3? I 4 71

496 0 10 3 IT 1 4 61

4 JO 0 0 10 all I 4

4 to 6 0 10 2f I 4 5

4' IT 0 0 10 2 I ' 4 4

4 1 6 0 10 41 I 4 3i

6 Penny 12 Penny A.D.

Loaf. Loaf. 1777-5-

lb. 02. dr. lbi-oz. dr. Chap. 17, vj'v-v>

2961 5 3 4y

293s 5 2 7|

2 .9 ii 5 2 i 33

2 8 0': 5 1

2 8 4l 5 1 1

2 8 5 0 4f

2 8 0 5 0 0

2 7 5f 4 «5 3a

2 7 3? 4 *4. 61

2 7 1 4 »4 2

2 6 7 4 13 6

2 € 5 4 13 2

2 6 H 4 ia 51

2 € Of 4 12 U

2 5 6f- 4 II 5I fj

2 S 41 4 11

2 S *f 4 10 5!

2 5 4 10 3 03

2 4 61 49

2 4 41 49*§

2 4 «! " 4 8 Ja

2 4 1 4 8 2

2 3 7 4 7 6

2 3 51 4 7 31

2 3 it 4 6 6f

2 3 4 6 33

2 3 0 4 6 0

2 2 4 5 51

2 2 4! 4 5 1

2 2 2! 4 4 5

2 2 1 4 4 2

2 I 7f 4 3 7

2 I 5i 4 3 31

2 I 41 4 3 1

2 I' if 4 2 5*

2 I 1 4 2 2

2 0 71 4 1 7

2 0 6 4 1 4

2 O 4i 4 1 °1

2 O 3 4 0

2 0 >1 4 0 3

2 0 0 4 0 0

15 61 3 15 5

I 15 5 3 IS 2

15 31 3 14 7

I 15 *1 3 H .41

15 H 3 '4 if

I 14 71 3 13 7

I 14 6 3 13 4.

I 14 Si 3 13

164 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D. 1777.8. Chap. 17.

Price.

2 Penny Loaf.

i. S. d. lb. oz. dr.

4 12 0 0 10 1

4 12 6 0 10 off

4 13 0 0 10 OTff

4 *3 6 09

4 H 0 09Its

4 *4 6 097

4 i5 0 096r*

4 15 6 096S

4 10 0 095i

4 16 6 095?

4 17 0 0941#

4 i7 6 094-&

4 18 0 094?

4 18 6 093#

4 >90 093 A

4 19 6 093

5 0 0 092!

4 Penny. Loaf.

6 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. dr. lb. oz. dr. lb. 02. dr.

1 4 2 I 14 34 3 12

1 4 4 I H 3 12 4f

I 4 0# . I 14 °s 3 12 if

I 3 7! I i3 n 3 U 7

1 3 7s 1 !3 6-J 3 II s-h

I 3 6 I 13 5 3 rr 2

1 3 5y I J3 3$ 3 10 7f

I 3 '4i I >3 2i 3 10 5

I 3 3f 1 *3 3 10 2f

1 3 2§ I 13 0 3 i° 0

I 3 I 12 6i 395i

I 3 iy I 12 5i 393i

I 3 °T I 12 4i 391

t 2 Vs I 12 3# 3 8 6$

I 2 H I 12 2# 3 8 4-J

1 2 6 1 12 3 8 2f

I 2 51 t 12 0 3 8 0

12 Penny Loaf.

AN

The sevenisenth and eighteenth years of George III. 165

A.D.

1777-8.

CHAP. XVIII.

Ana8 for the further encouragement of the whalefjhcries carried-oil from Ireland:

Resoluti-ods by the 2 6

arid address

WHEREAS a valuable whale fishery has lately been disco-W vered in the seas to the southward of the latitude of forty four degrees north, and your Majesty's loyal subjects, the g

commons of Ireland in parliament a/lembled, being desirous to "* 177 ’ secure a share in the benefits of the said fishery to' such of your Majesty's subjects, as should carry on the fame from this kingdom, on the twenty sixth of March one thousand feveri hundred and seventy fix did come to several resolutions, viz. that the extension of the whale fishery of Ireland was an object highly deserving the encouragement of parliament 5 that the rhoft effectual means of encouraging the said fisheries would be by bounties upon /hips, employed in the whale fishery in such seas, as lie to the iouthward of the limits of those leas, in which the whale jilhery is at present encouraged; and that the said bounties should be granted for a number of years certain, and be made payable upon such /hips in proportion to their tonnage respectively; that the said subject should be taken into' consideration early in the then next fe/fion of parliament; that an humble addre/s should be presented to his excellency the lord lieutenant fora"db’^.' to lay before your Majesty the humble delire of the commons, 4°»-that your Majesty would be graciously pleased to grant a bounty of forty shillings per ton to the mailers or owners of such British or Irish /hips, as should be fitted out from any port in this kingdom, and proceed upon the whale fishery in any of the' said seas, from the first day of August one thousand fe'ven hundred and seventy fix to the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, on landing in this kingdom all such whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, fe'al oil, seal /kins, or other production of seals, or other fish or ci'eatures, as shall be caught by the crews of such /hips in such seas, Ihbject to such

restrictions and regulations as your Majesty in your great wisdom common/ should think proper to make, and to affute yo'ur Majesty that your commons would make good the fame: be' it therefore en- fame, acted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- l(l mons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority "ere of the fame, that from and after the first day of August next, in instead of Vol. XI. T t in d-ofcgranted.

ii 66 The fevehieenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D. 1n lieu and Head of the bounties so granted by his Majesty, the

1777-8. several and respective bounties herein after mentioned shall be

Chap. 18. and allowed under the several rules and restrictions herein after expressed and directed, that is to say, every British or Irish

Briiiji or ship or vesselj that shall within the time limited by this act pro-

irmlrifi coed from any port of Ireland on the whale fishery. to any seas,

ak°n foSh w^erein whale fishery is usually carried on, south of the la-

of 44 dcerc« titude of forty four degrees north, manned and navigated by Qotth the captain and 3*4ths Bri-tijhi first vi* fitedby the revenue officer.

crews, whereof the captain or master and three fourths at the Jeaft of the mariners Audi be British subjects, shall, before she proceed on such voyage, of be intitled to the benefit of tins act, be visited by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's revenues belonging to such port, who shall examine into such ship or vessel, and take an account of the tonnage thereof by admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their visitation, examination, and admeasurement, to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenues in this kingdom} and if it appear by the certificate of such officer or officers, that Ihe hath on board such a number of men, provisions, boats, fishing lines, and instruments to be used in such fishing, as herein after are mentioned, that (he is strongly built, and otherwise a proper ship for such voyage and andth '"v'f’ h^ery> an^ hath on board among her crew a sufficient number proper,1 of harpooners, fteerfmen, line managers, who before have been poonen,har~ employed in such voyages (the names of such persons to be con-fteerfmetijand tained in such certificate,) and if it further appear by the oath before^-'" of one or more owner or owners, and of the master or chief

tonnage admeasured, certificate thereof to the commissioners.

and the number of men, provisiont, fishing instrumentfj fee.

fn^t'heraT' °®cel of such Hup, written at the foot of such certificate, and oath and made before the collector or comptroller of such port (who and master atare hereby impowered and required to administer the same) that Intenttn^ro *s realty and truly their firm purpose and determined l'efolution, ceed next sea- that such ship shall, as soon as licence shall be granted, forthwith voyage to^1 proceed, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, on a voyage to &ke :rc" ^le- f°uthwai'd of forty four degrees north latitude, in such seas other design, as in such oath shall be expressed, and there in the then ap-fim50tlind proaching season to use the utmost endeavour of themselves Mnbberto and their ship’s company to take whales, or other creatures ing theportT living in the sea, and on no other design or view of profit in such voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil, and blubber thereof into this kingdom of Ireland (naming the port to which and bond it is their intention to return); and if the master, after such iwintrebie certlhcate had and oath made, do also become bound with two the bounty, sufficient securities unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in 'yclnf3 the penalty of such sum as shall be equal to treble the bounty 2 intended

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 167

intended by this act, which bond the said collector with the A.D.

approbation of the comptroller is hereby required to take, and 1777*8*

is to be in force for the term of three years against the master

and sureties, for the faithful dealing of the said master and

ship’s company in regard to the said ship and voyage, then and

in all such cases it shall and may be lawful for any three or

more of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue for the fionenUKie-

time being, on receiving such certificates and oaths made, and

being certified by them by the collector and comptroller of such

port that sufficient security hath been given as aforesaid, to give

and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant, to

the master and owners of such ships full licence and authority to

proceed on such voyage as aforesaid. ‘

II. And to prevent any disputes that may arise, whether a ship gniinoF be properly qualified and duly fitted out for this whale fishery to"s'° according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and intitled oFizofa-' to a certificate thereof from the' custom house officers: be it fhom’ 40

t harpoons, 4.

hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every ship of the boats with g burthen of two hundred tons, designed for this fishery, shall and 6 "mu»pro-is hereby required to have on board forty hilling lines of one vision> hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon irons, four boats with fix men, including a harpooner; a steersman, and a line tnanager to each boat, making in the whole twenty four men besides the master and surgeon, with six months provisions at the least for such number of men; and every ship of larger ;naufc burthen an increase of fix men, one boat, ten such lines, and % larger ten harpoon irons more for every fifty tons above the said two hundred tons, together with provisions in proportion j and every ship, which shall be so employed in the said fishery, shall have an appren-on board an apprentice indentured for the space of three years at ^'yean."1" the least for every fifty tons burthen, which shall be accounted as one of the number of men required to be on board such ship as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thatt

on the return of such ship to the port, to which the master and immediately mate declared on oath their intention to return, the proper of H-cers of the revenue at such port shall immediately repair on *"d i«d'?« board, and view the condition of such ship and her lading, and certifir' certify the fame together with their observations thereon, as also W1-th lIle the real tonnage of the said ship j and the said officers are also ,om"8.e> to take an account or schedule of the names of the master, board, dir-mate, and other persons aboard, distinguishing therein the har-pooners and persons more immediately employed in the said *c.

fishery.

168 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

fishery, and to certify the fame; and the master and mate shall 1777-8. make oath before the collector and comptroller, who are hereby Chap. 18. impowered and required to administer the same, on the back of or annexed to the licence granted as aforesaid, which they are master and hereby then required to deliver up. that they did in pursuance

mate upon or J \ . ' 4

annexed to thereof, mentioning the day or their departure, proceed on a dtiTvcredup,n voyage directly to the places aforesaid, and have not since been on any other voyage, or puffued any other delign or view of profit, and that they did there (mentioning the time of their stay on those leas) use the utinoft endeavour of themselves and their ship’s company to take whales and other creatures living in those seas, and all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported, if any in such ship was really and bona fide caught and taken in the said seas by the crew of such ship only, or with the aflifiance of the crew of feme other British or Irish ship, licenced for that voyage pursuant to the directions of this act} all which schedule, certificate, licence, and oath, shall be transmitted by the collector and comptroller of such port to the . chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenues in Dublin , and such commissi-payment of oners being fully satisfied of the faithful dealings of the master,

all transmitted to commissioners.

nMtt^or and other persons employed in such ships, witlt respect to such aScoikc- voyaSe an(t fishery, shall on demand cause payment to be made torbyadmea- to the master or owners, or to his or their assigns, by the collec-

furement certified,

40*.per ton to lit

dug* 17841

’ for of the port of Dublin, the bounty or premium following according to the admeasurement of such ship, duly certified as aforesaid, that is to say, for every such ship, as shall proceed on the said fishery from the first day of August next to the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, the lum of forty shillings/erton; and for every such ship, as shall proceed jiufiwo'.11 on fa^ fishery from the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty four to the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the sum’of thirty shillings per ton. After 1 a

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-(h'X(h 11rit? a^ore^a'^> t^lat no Pei'f°n 01‘ persons shall be allowed or fail direai/ intitled to receive the bounty herein before granted for any [hip, which shall proceed upon the said whale fishery from any port of this kingdom after the said first day of August next, unless such ship shall fail from the port, when flie shall be surveyed ami cleared, directly on her intended fishery on or before the first day of October then following, and shall continue with her crew in fcmii? ift°fc the said seas diligently endeavouring to catch whales or other March, creatures living in those seas, and shall not depart from thence before the first day of March next following, unless such ship

shall

on fishery by 1st Oct.

and con-

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George TIL

shall be laden with the blubber and fins of one whale caught by the crew thereof, or with the assistance of the crew of such other licenced ship, before that time, or shall be forced by some unavoidable accident or necessity to depart (boiler from those seas, which accident or necessity shall be verified on the oaths of the master and mate belonging to inch ship upon her return from the said fishery before the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port, where (lie shall arrive, who shall transriiit the fame, together with the schedule, licence, and other documents by this act required, to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenues in this kingdom.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenues shall at the beginning of every session of parliament lay before both houses of parliament an account in writing, of what number of ships have been employed in the whale fishery, with their respective names and burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what port they were discharged, and also what quantity of oil or whale fins each ship shall have imported.

VI. And whereas it has been found by experience, that ships under the burthen of two hundred tons are fit for the whale fishery: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every owner or owners of any ship or ships under the burthen of two hundred tons, which shall be employed in the said fishery, and which shall be provided with sailors, boats, lines, and harpoons, in the fame proportion to the number of tons in said ship, as is hereby provided for ships of two hundred tons and upwards, and who have otherwise conformed themselves in all respects to the rules and directions herein before prescribed to the owners of ships of two hundred tons, (Itall be intitled to the said bounty, as herein before limited, according to the admeasurement of such ship or ships respectively.

VII. Provided always, an'.. that no ship to be employed in laid fishery, although flic be above the burthen of four hundred tons, shall be intitled to fi larger bounty, than a ship of four hundred tons would be intitled to.

VIII. Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to oblige the owner of any ship above four hundred tons in order to intitle him or them to the said bounty to fit out, equip, and man any such ship otherwise than as a ship of the burthen of four hundred tons only, as by this act required to be fitted out, equipped, and manned.

169 A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 18.

unless laden with fins* &c. of I whale, or forced to depart sooner, verified on oath, transmitted with the documents to commissioners.

Coramifli-oners to certify to both houses, tire ships, bur* theus,

whence, and where dif-chatged, and imports of each.

Ships under 200 tons, provided in proportion and conforming, intitled to bounty by the admeasurement.

If above 400 tom, no larger bounty.

But not obliged to fit out otherwise than as of 400.

170 ' The seven'teenih and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D. 1X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the

1777-8. owner or owners of any ship employed or defined to be em-11 ' ployed in the said fishery, to ensure the bounty which such

owner or owners would be irititled to, upon, the return of such ship to the port, to which the matter and mate of such ship shall have declared upon oath their intention to return, and on performance of all other matters, directed and appointed by this present act to be performed for obtaining the said bounty.

CHAP. XIX.

An act for the better preservation of ffi in rivers, lakes, and inland waters.

WHEREAS through a defebt of the laws now in being there is not a sufficient provision made against taking and use'n«ePcii-f Graying fifl* »i rivers, lakes, and inland waters; whereby miny sin«, &c. persons are tempted to neglect their trades and other occupations, exceptol)* and to use most dellructive means of- catching and killing o'* fcilera and t^em ty damming rivers, and taking and destroying the breeding owna-s of fish with nets, spears, gins, and other engines, whereby, if >l'cr*’ longer permitted, the several species of such fish are likely to be utterly annihilated in most parts of this kingdom, and his Majesty's peaceable and industrious subjects are exposed to imminent danger of having their houses, offices, and haggards set on fire by the dangerous practice of fifiling at night by lights: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight no person or persons whatsoever, not qualified, except as herein mentioned, shall have, keep, or use any nett, leape, pifehe, gaff, spear, or lyfter, or other engine, boat or cur-ragh, (angling rods with lines and hooks excepted) other than the makers or fellers thereof, and the owners of rivers or of parts of rivers for the time being; and that it shall and may be detained^? lawfol for any owner of any river or fishery, or of part of a owner of ti- river or fishery, and every person or persons by any owner or yerorBlherr, owners of any r[ver or fifl^ry, or of any part of a river cr

fishery, for that purpose appointed, to seize, detain, and keep to his and their own use and uses all and every such cott, boat, curragh, or float, nett, leape, pifehe, gaff, spear, or lyfter, and

Other

the /event eent'b ami eighteenth years cf George III. i 7 i

other engine for catching fish, except as before excepted, which A.D. he or they shall find used or laid, or in the custody or possession of 1777-^-any person or persons whatsoever, not qualified as herein nienti- Chap. 19; oned, iifiling in any river, or inland fishery, lake, or inland water whatsoever, without the consent of the owner or owners thereof given under their hand; and for any person or persons whatsoever, being thereunto authorized by. warrant under the hand of persons and leal of any justice of the peace of the same county, or

county of the city or town, in the day time to search the houi'es, keeping, outhouses, or other places, of any person hereby prohibited to junT-Itave, keep, or use the fame, as shall be suspected to have or ceawarrant, keep in his pdfleflion or custody any boat or curragh, nett, leape, pilclie, gaff, spear, or lyfter, or other engine, except as before excepted, and the fame, and every or any of them, to seize, Celled and detain, and keep, to his and their own ulc or uses, or other- auiroyai.Ur wife to cut in pieces and defray as things by this law prohibited to be kept by persons of their condition.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that , To

if any person or persons after the said twenty fourth day of fisc in pond, June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight shall nnvj’v'ii'creiri kill, take, or destroy, any carp, tench, bream, roach, perch,cel, pike, trout, cray fiflt, or any other fish, in or out of any before a juf-pond, pool, canal, or stew, wherein the same are kept, and ll0r

wherein he or they have no property, without the consent or above 10I, licence of the owner or owners of such pond, pool, canal, or stew, and be thereof convicted on the oath of one credible witness before one justice of the peace of the county or jurisdiction, where the fact shall be committed, shall forfeit for every such offence a sum not less than five pounds, nor more than ten pounds, at the discretion of such justice j which forfeiture shall t . f . go to the informer, prosecutor, or other persons, as the owner or M ,« of such pond or stew shall chuse, to be levied by distress and c'"|,ljljiiircfs file of the goods and chattles of such person so offending against amifaio, this act by warrant of such justices; and for want of such distress the offender shall be committed to the county gaol, there to son°crdotn" remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding fix ohov'6 calendar months, nor less than three calendar months, as his under 3. committal by such justices shall specify.

III. And in order to deter idle, and disorderly persons from Fi(,lin(,h)r hilling by night with lights, boats, curraghs, fpcars, snares, netts, night with gins, or any engine whatsoever, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person whatsoever shall be convicted on dc3dt the oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace above 51. nor

under >1.

to infor< mcr.

on no distress, Hke imprisonment.

No nox-

1^2 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

of the county or jurisdiction, where the offence shall be com-1777-8. mitted, of fishing by night with lights, or boats, curraghs, cotts, Chap. 19. or floats, with spears,' netts, snares, gins, or any engine whatsoever, (except with rods and lines) such person so convicted shall forfeit any sum not more than five pounds, nor less than two. pounds, ‘ at the discretion of such justice, to be levied off the goods and chattles of such offender by the warrant of the said justices, which forfeiture shall be paid to the informer or prosecutor: and in case no distress shall be found, such offender shall be committed to the county gaol by such justice, there to remain without bail or mainprize any time not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months, as his committal by such justice shall specify.

IV. And whereas the fish in the rivers of this kingdom are fre-ioujfubiw fluently poisoned and destroyed by throwing waste, dye Huffs, thro, into jjmC) flax> hemp, and other poisonous and noxious ingredients into the said rivers: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no person or persons whatsoever shall from and after the passing of this act throw or empty any waste, dye stuffs, lime, flax, hemp, or any other kind of noxious or poisonous substance into any river; and if any person shall so penalty si. offend, he, flte, or they shall forfeit for every such offence the tftS wlr- sum of five pounds, to be levied of the goods and chattles of n'cr' such offender, to be recovered in such manner as the other penalties prescribed by this act are recoverable; one moiety of such penalty to be given to the poor of the parish wherein such offence shall be committed, and the other to the first real informer of such offence j and in case no distress sufficient to answer the said penalty can be found, that the offender shall in such case be committed to the county gaol, there to remain without bail' or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, as his committal by such justices, as shall adjudge the said penalty, shall specify.

No trout V. And whereas great quantities of trouts are taken and killed

taken (ang- in the several rivers running into and from the several lakes in bmtSas! this kingdom from the first day of October to the first day of to <fi January, which is the season, during which trouts deposit their spawn in said several rivers: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no person whatsoever shall kill, take, or deftfoy any trout by the means of dams or fish houses, commonly called fish ponds, or by nets or other engines, (angling excepted) from penalty ji. *he fitff day of October to the first of January > and that every person so offending in this respect shall forfeit the sum of five

pounds

or impn-foned not above 3 months.

The fmenteenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 173

pounds for each offence; the half'to be paid to the poor of the A.D. parish wherein such offence shall be committed, and the other to 1777"^' the informer; said penalty to be recovered or levied in the manner before mentioned in this act; and in case no distress sufficient to rathe poor answer the said penalty shall be found, the offender shall in such ar‘ot tapri"’ case be committed to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, as months, his committal by such justice, as shall adjudge the said penalty, shall specify.

VI. And whereas in the river Bandon salmon fish are in good Proprietor

season the whole year, except in the months of November, De- ,^/b JdoVa

cember, January, and February: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That proprietors of fisheries on said river, their heirs manner from

or assigns, shall have liberty at all times from the twentieth of oa.'wahj

March to the twentieth of October in each year to take with ,°ut penalties

1 4 by former

nets, or in any other legal manner, all such salmon fish without in- aeu.

curring any penalty imposed by any former act of Parliament.

VII. Whereas the fisheries of Loughneagh, Lougherne, and of fishN^ht*ei, other loughs, and of the several rivers flowing thereto and there- j^LougU-from, are greatly injured by large draught nets with ground ropes Loughtmr, and linkers drawn therein from the twenty fifth day of August to

the twenty fifth day of December, by persons pretending to fish for pollens: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not 12 Aug. to be lawful for any person or persons on any pretence whatsoever 1 ^UI' to fish with draught or other nets in the said loughs or rivers, or any of them, or in any of the bays thereof from the twe.fth day of August until the first day of January in any year; and if any ntlSj person or persons shall herein offend, and be thereof convicted by anl1 the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any justice of the peace, such person or persons shall forfeit the nets and other implements used by him, and also five pounds for every such offence; which sum the said justice of the peace is hereby im- if npdif- ' powered to levy by his warrant; and for want of distress for this foncil'not" purpose shall commit each of the offenders to prison for any time not exceeding six months.

VIII. And whereas great quantities of salmon fry are obstruct- Damn, »b-ed from returning to the sea, and destroyed at the tails of mill- ;mp]emenu dreams by means of dams and other obstructions made across to Oelti-oyfal-

/ mon fry, the

the streams under the water wheels of said mills, which cannot miller, &c.^ be done without the consent or knowledge of the proprietors, shall forfeit ’ millers, or principal acting persons therein: be it enacted by the *’ authority aforesaid, That if any such dams or obstructions are discovered, or any implement or instrument used at said places to

Vol. XL X x obstruct

174 seventeenth and eighteenth Years- of George III.

t

A. I>. obfliruft or destroy the; fafmon fry, the proprietor, miller, or 1777-8. principal acting person of such mill, where such dams- or obstruiiHons are made, or such implements found, shall on proof thereof by one or more credible witness or witnesses before any l justice of the peace forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be reco-naltiu ia this vered in such manner as the other penalties in this act are re- -ad' coverable.

IX. And be it enacted Jjy the authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, constable or other officer, to whom the justices of the peace are by curing war- this act impowered or directed to issue their warrants for the pur-Botfabowfjl. poses herein before mentioned, shall refuse or delay to execute such warrants, the justices foiling such warrants are hereby impowered to fine such constable or officer for every- such offence any iTnodif- sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale trtfs j months of the offender’s goods, and for want of sufficient distress to com-

impnlbaea, 0

mit such constable or officer to prison for any time not exceeding leviedhjr three months; the said fine to be levied off the constable for re-l-iecial bailiff. to execute the warrant by a- special constable, bailiff, or

peace officer appointed by the-justice- for that purpose.

Seafiih X. And whereas there is a very pernicious practice all-round cured rrith"'5 'kc weft and north weft coasts of Ireland of tanning or bark-tar and oil, fog of nets, which practice is not only of little effect in regard to the first intention of preferring said nets, but on the contrary of infinite detriment to the growth of young trees, and destruc-tion of plantations, through the villainous practice of stripping trees merely for the bark thereof in order to tan or bark nets for the herring, laimon, and other fisheries, notwithstanding there is a much more efficacious method of curing of nets left expensive, and in no shape detrimental to plantations, by curing said nets with tar and oil, which nets so cured may lie for a month wet without get-«r unned'1'1 tln£ damage, whereas bark cured nets mull be dried daily, or they will rot: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all nets for taking herrings, salmon, or any sea fish, and all fishing or forfeited ®nes cure<f after the passing of this act, shall be cured with tar and to informer, oil, and not barked or tanned, under penalty of the forfeiture of all such nets to the informer upon conviction before a justice of the peace.

Proof on

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

ownerjfbe- an nets found tanned, and not tar and oil cured, the proof shall before. Ke on the owner of said nets, that they were made prior to the passing of this act, or that they are nets that were made and cured before brought to the aforesaid weft or north weft coast} in failure of such proof all such nets to be forfeited as aforesaid.

Hhe-fcyenteemtj); an<l'eighte $nth; Xia?i of: George, HI. 175

XM. And be it further enacted by- the authority afpFefiud, be D. That in case any fisherman, net-maker, or any other perfoa or ,.77'7"®*-persons, shall be found barking of any tree: or trees for the pur- 1j' pose of tanqing- of nets, or any other pucppfe. clandestinely' or Barking ' without proper authority, fugh offender- shall for every- such JJT offence, forfeit the fora. of five pounds, recoverable before a jut °'^pu‘‘rp"^’ ties, upon the oath of one credible wiitaefs, wholly to the use of perautkoritf,.. the informer as aforesaid.; and in default of payment to be com-, *'" mfor~ mitted by a justice’s warrant to the county gaol for any time fon0/d,"ptr‘‘ not exceeding six months, unlefe the said forfeiture shall be paid above 6

r ' mouths*

sooner.

XIII. Provided, That no person or persons shall bp convicted of Prosecuti-

any offence against this statute, unless, the profecu.tion bp com-Bienced within three calendar months, after such offence shall be a*‘^fter alledged to be committed, ledgti

XIV. Provided, also. That it shall and ^ay- be lawful for any Appca) to, person, convicted before such justice of any offence against this "" statute, to appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace

to be held in and for the county or jurisdiction, where the offence

shall be committed; such person so convicted entering into recog- 0, recog.

nizance before such justices with two sufficient securities. to be

bound in the sum of ten pounds each, that the person so convict- «ca.

ed shall appear at such quarter sessions, and abide by the judgment

of the court; and in case such judgment of the said justices shall be affirmed at the said quarter sessions, then such two sureties, or of affirmed,

one of them, shall pay, over and above the forfeiture adjudged by

such justices, the usual and legal fees unto such officers of the

court as shall be intitled to them, and shall moreover pay unto the

prosecutor, over and above the forfeiture adjudged by such justices,

such colls and reasonable charges as the court shall think fit, to make amends to such prosecutor for the trouble and expences he shall be at in attending such appeal.

XV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing therein contain- Netware, ed, shall not extend or be construed to extend to abridge any men or their fisherman, or his apprentice or apprentices lawfully authorized,

to fish in navigable rivers or waters with lawful nets and engines; atuuda-but that every of them shall and may, according to the law$ and fore* orders made and to be made and settled for the good order, rule, and government of such navigable rivers and waters, use the trade of (idling, as they lawfully might have done before the miking of this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

s

176 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.: D. XVI.1 Provided also, That if any person or persons whatsoever 1777'^' shall be sued or prosecuted for or by reason of any matter or

Defcn- thing, which he or they shall do in pursuance of this act, it may

danu may and shall be lawful to and for the person or persons, so sued or

plead general r *.

issue, &c. prosecuted, to plead the general issue, and to give the special matter in evidence; and if the verdict shall pass for the defendant in such action, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuit, or suffer any discontinudnce thereof, that in such case the defendant or defen-

and have treble costs.

dants shall have his or their treble costs, which he or they shall have sustained by such action or suit, for which said. defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases, where cods are given to the defendants.

Continued

XVII. Provided also, That this act shall continue and be in 2/jone*"11" force fr°tn the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord >778. one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, for the term of byai&itG. seven years, and until-the end of the then next session of Parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XX.

3- c- +0 and to 24 June 1784, by 23 & 24 G. 3.C. 40. f, 1.

Repealed An Act to explain and amend the ABs made for the Encouragement cJ/5! 2* of the Fj/heries of this Kingdom, and for promoting the good Ends proposed bp said Laws.

WHEREAS the extending and improving the Blheriea on the coast of v Ireland is of great importance to this kingdom, as it not only adds considerably to the national wealth, but may moreover prove a fruitful iiurfery of able teamen to the fleet of 0 Great Britain: for the better encouragement of the said lilheries, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the commencement of this act it shall and may be lawful to and for the inhabitants of this kingdom of Ireland at all times and seasons of the year, when they shall think proper, freely to fish for, tale, buy from fishermen, and cure any herrings, cod, and ling, or other fort of white lish, in all and every part of the seas, channels, creeks, and bays, wheresoever such lish are to be found, or can or may be taken on the coasts of this kingdom; and that no person or persons shall under any pretence whatsoever presume to obstruct or hinder any person or persons from fishing in the places aforesaid.

0

4

The Seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 177

II. Provided, That no person by virtue of this act shall have liberty to lish or A.D. take herrings in the day time, or at any other time, or in any other manner, than 1777-8. is directed by the acts made for the encouragement of the fisheries of this king-

dom.

III. And whereas many difficulties attend the obtaining the bounty payable on the exportation of filli caught on the coasts of this kingdom: in order therefore more effectually to answer the purposes for which said bounty is granted, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon sufficient proof being made before the colleoteror other chief officer of the port, that such lish, so entered for exportation, was caught on the coasts of this kingdom, or within thirty five leagues of the fame, and upon the matter or other person having charge of the vessel, in which any such ftfli is to be exported, making oath that to the bell of his knowledge or belief said lish is not intended to be relanded, and that he will not permit or fuller said lish or any part thereof to be relanded in this kingdom, unless in case of real diilrefs to save the goods from peri thing, and also upon the owner or proprietor of said fiffi becoming bound with two sufficient sureties unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penalty of such sum as shall be equal to treble the value of the bounties, he shall be intitled to, conditioned not to rcland the fish intended to be exported in any port, haven, creek, or other places in Ireland, unless in case of diilrefs, which shall he immediately made known to some one or more of the officers of the port nearest to the place, where such vessel shall be stranded or put ashore, which bond the collector of the port is hereby required and empowered to take, and the said bond is hereby declared to be good and valid in law for the sum contained therein, then and upon performance of tlicfc requisites the owner or person shipping oft such filli shall in three months after the exportation thereof receive the bounties payable thereon from the collector of the port, from whence the same shall be exported, any thing in any other law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any mailer 01 other person having charge of a vessel, in which any list) shall be exported, aiul a bounty claimed for the fame, shall reland or permit or fuller any fish or any part thereof to be relanded in this kingdom, unless in case of actual diilrefs, such matter or other person having charge of said vessel shall forfeit treble the value of such filli so relanded, or permitted or flittered to be relanded; and every Teaman or other person, who shall assist in relanding the fame, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; said penalties to be sued for and recovered by the fame ways and means

178 YfkJmente'erith and eighteenth Years of George III.

A. I), as penalties' ate recoverable by the atf of the fourteenth and' fifteenth of Gharies

?-777"8. the fecoad, commonly calledthe- act of excite.

Cfiap. 26.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no owner or ownerwof any fifii shall be Entitled to the bounties given upon the exportation thereof, unless such fish shall be first landed in and afterwards exported from- some port in this kingdom.

VI. And whereas the penalties; to which persons are liable by the laws now in force for the (hooting or wetting nets for the taking herrings in the day time, have not been sufficicnr to Ve (train them from fuels practice, which has been found extremely detrimental to the herring flflieries on the coalb of this kingdom-: for the more effectoal deterring all persons from committing such offences be it cnafttd By the authority aforesaid, That a penalty of twenty pounds shall be forfeited and paid by all and every the person or persons, who shall at any time hereafter (hoot or wet any net or nets for the taking of herrings in the day time, or be in any wise aiding or assisting in the fame, that such penalty shall and may be recovered against such person or persons upon complaint thereof before any justice of the peace of the county, next to the place where such offence shall be committed, or before any justice of the peace where such offender or offenders shall reside or be found, and shall and may be levied of the goods and chattles of such offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and Teal of such justice of the peace, which penalty shall be for the use of the person who shall sue for the same; and in case such oft'ender or offenders shall on demand refuse to pay such penalty to such justice of the peace, or the person whom he shall by Isis warrant impower to levy the same, and that no goods or chattles can be found of said offender or offenders fuf. (Icient to answer the lame, that then it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace to cause the said offender or offenders to be apprehended and committed to the common gaol of the county, where such justice resides, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of six months, until he shall have paid such penalty.

vii. And inafniuch as persons are encouraged to the committing said offences from the opportunities, which they may have of escaping by water from the authority of such justice of the peace; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons, impowered to execute the warrant of such justice or justices of the peace, to board any vessel, in which they may have

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 17191

just cause to- suspefb such offender or offenders.to be harboured orconcealed, and, A,. D. to apprehend such.offender or offenders wherever, he or they may be found, so at thatheor they.may.be made to suffer the punishment. aforesaid; and all nragif- Chap, trates and other peace officers; and also the officers of his Majestyls revenue, are < '

hereby required to be aiding and aififting by all lawful means to the effeSuaJ carrying into execution the clauses aforesaid for preventing the aforesaid pernieiotis, practice of iishing for or taking herrings in the day time, that is to say, between the (irft of August and the first of September from four o’clock in the morning till fun set, and between the first of October and.first of August from fun rife to fun set.

VIII. And be it further enacted by. the authority, aforesaid, That from, thenceforth any diiputes or differences, which shall or may a rife between the persons.cn-gaged on board any of the vessels employed in the fisheries of this kingdom: andt the owner or mailer thereof touching any. demands which, such persons. may, have, against such owners or mailers, for or on account of their, wages qr: shares of the earnings of such vessels, where such. demand does not exceed five pounds, and also all such complaints of such owners or mailers against any of the persons orhands engaged on hoard said vessels for and on account of their absenting or withdrawing themselves from their duty and serviceon board said vessel, (half and may be determined by any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, where such disputes arise, who are hereby impowered to give such and the lffie relief, and! by such and the like remedies and means, and to inAi£b such and the like penalties and punishments, as they are impowered to do in all cases of disputes between mailers, and servants, or artificers and their employers, by allot any of the laws now in being.

IX. Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid^ That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed- to extend to reikain, prevent, or hinder any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, who shall from time to time be deputed or appointed' thereunto by the chief commissioners of the ercife for the time being, or the major part of them, from going, on board and' cmeting into any fltip, buss, or other vessel- whatsoever a6 well by night as by day arriving and coming into any port, harbour, haven, creek, or other places, and' to continue there onboard until such fltip, buss, or othec v.cflcl'(ball be fully unladen and discharged, or again reloaded, in pursuance of the powers mentioned1 in this act, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer and officers to enter and go into any such ship, buss, or other vessel, to seize, survey, and make search

Y y 2 for

l8o The seventeenth and eighteesith Years of George III.

A, P, for any goods or commodities either put on board any such ship, buss, or other 1777-8. vessel, or taken out, or carried away, or intended to be carried away, without Chap. 20. due entry first had and made of the fame, or payment of the duties due and payable thereon, and to seize, attach, and carry away the fame, in the same manner to all intents and purposes, as may be done by any law, act or acts of Parliament, now in force in this kingdom; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the encouragement of the fifties of this kingdom, a bounty is given of two shillings for every barrel containing thirty two gallons, wherein good found, and well cured white herrings shall be packed, upon the exportation thereof, as also a bounty of two shillings and six pence on every batcel of the fame contents, wherein good, found, and well cured mackarel shall be packed, upon exportation thereof: be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid, That the said bounties shall be paid in proportion upon all such herrings and maka-rel respectively, as shall be exported in calks of a letter size than thirty two gallons, upon the exportation diereof.

XI. And to* the end diat the vessels employed in the fisheries of this kingdom may be die more readily known, and the matters and crews of such vessels more easily brought to punittiment for any offences committed by them or any of them against this act, or the other acts made for the encouragement of said fisheries, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before any person shall be permitted to enter a vessel in any cuttom house for said fisheries, the owner of such vessel or his agent shall cause the name of said vessel and the port, to which flic belongs, to be painted in large characters with white lead and oil on the transum and quarters of said vessel, as also upon all boats and buoys belonging to the fame; and the collector shall cause a number to be added to such name, which number shall be inserted in the entry and painted in like manner on said vessel and on the boats and buoys belonging to her, which names and number Dial! not be obliterated, but kept fair and legible during the time said vessel shall remain at said fishery $ and in case said names and number shall not be kept fair and legible as aforesaid, the matter or chief officer of said vessel shall forfeit the sum of five pounds sterling, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other penalties in this act.

5

HI. And

2the fmntfenth and eighteenth Years of George- III'. ;St

XII. Andf for the more-regular keeping the journals, ;of the proceedings of such A.{ D. filliing vessels, be; it further enacted -by the authority aforesaid, that at. the time 1777*®*' any vessel is-entered for said fiftierics, the collector or comptroller shall deliver to the.maller or chief officer of said- vessel a blank journal book- signed by the said

culteder or comptroller, and ruled under distinct heads, in which said mailer or chief officer shall enter an account of the proceedings of said vessel, the soundings upon the coalt and filliing hanks, the quantity of fish taken by said vessel, and the quantity bought, and the times when respectively j and said master Or chief officer shall make oath, that every proceeding contained in said journal book (unless the fame was immediately entered therein) was eopied.from the rough journal kept by him, and transcribed from thence into said book, within eight days from the time such proceeding had happened.

XIII. And for the better ascertaining the quantity of herrings taken and bought, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every vessel at the time of her being entered for the fisheries shall have on board two half barrels, each containing sixteen gallons, with which shall be measured the herrings taken and bought by berj and the entry in the journal of the quantity of herrings taken and bought shall be by the number of barrels or half barrels, and not by tail or count.

XIV. And whereas a great number of small boats proceed .‘.very year to the fiflicrics on the epafts of this kingdom, and from the irregular manner in which they (hoot their nets the fishery is greatly injured, and the nets of other fishermen are much damaged, and the offenders cannot be discovered so as to be brought to justice; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no boat shall proceed to said (iflicries, unless tile name of the (kipper is painted in large characters with white lead and oil on the (tern of said boat, as also on the oars and buoys belonging to her; which boat, with the name of the (kipper, shall be registered with some one of his Majesty's justices of the peace living in the barony, wherein said Dripper resides: and in case any such'boat shall (hoot any net, or take any fish, without haring the (kipper’s name painted and being registered as aforesaid, the (kipper of said boat shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other penalties in this aS; and any justice of the peace, with whom such boats shall be so registered, shall return an account of the same to the collector of the distrifl, in which such justice resides, within one month after such boats have been registered as aforesaid.

v8i ‘t/dfeoenfeeiith and eighteenth Years of‘ George III.

jy t

XV. And whereas the harbours on the coast of the county of iJoncgali have 1777*.: ken materially injured by the iiregular manner, wherein vessels retorting to the ’ Chap. 20. fiflteries thereon throw out and unlade their baifaft: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no veil'd shall throw out or dischargd her ballad on any part of the said coalt to the south weft of the Use of Arran, except at such placet (all above low water math) as shall be directed and appointed from time to time by the surveyov of the district of KillibeggS, nor on any part of the said coast to the north east of the isle of Arran, except at such places (all above low water marl) as shall from time to time be directed and appointed by the tide surveyor of the port of Bailyrain; and the Matter or chief officer of any (idling vessel, or the (tipper of any (idling boat, who shall be convicted of having thrown out or discharged any ballad contrary to the directions of this net, shall forfeit the torn of . five pounds sterling for every such offence, to be recovered and applied in tile fame

manner as the other penalties in this act are made recoverable and applicable.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person, Avho shall drudge for or tate any oyiters in any part of the lough of Carlingford between the bar of Carlingford and the cattle of Narrow-water from and after the first Saturday in the month of March until the (irft Monday in the month of November in any year, shall forfeit the drudge net or other machine, with which the fame shall be drudged for or taken, as also the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other forfeitures and penalties in this act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, except where the same are othertrife appointed to be recovered, shall and may be recovered before any justice of peace of the county, where the offence is committed, or wherein the party or parties do reflde, and Be levied by distress and sale of his or their goods and chattles by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, before whom the offence shall be proved by confeflioh, or on the oath of one credible witness; which said penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, shall go to the use of the person or persons, who shall sue for the same within twelve calendar months, next after the offence has been committed.

CHAP.

*lhe f&beiiietotth ttHd eighteenth Yeats of George III.

CHAP. XXL

*83

A.D.

1777-8.

Ja A8 to explain and -etmend an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of bit prfent Maje/lji entitled, An act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen MMifaBnret.

y

WHEREAS by an act passed in the third year of the reign $ ®^c< of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better re- 7" gulatiou of Ate linen and hempen manufactures, it is amongst other things enacted, That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every person who shall fell and deliver to any one buyer at one time four or more pecks or any large quantity or parcel of flax seed or hemp feed for lowing, or in order to be sown, shall together with every such parcel delivered to the buyer in writing a certificate subscribed by such person, expressing truly the quantity and price of the feed so fold, and that the fame was so fold in order to be sown, and, if the same shall be a foreign production, the port from whence the fame was imported, and the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth, and, if such feed shall be of the produce of this kingdom, the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth, upon pain of forfeiting such feed as shall be so fold without such certificate as aforesaid, or the value or price thereof, and also the sum of three pounds for every liogfhead thereof, and so in proportion, for any teller quantity; and if any such flax seed or hemp feed shall be Of a different growth or age, from what shall be expressed in such certificate, the person, that shall have fold the fame, shall forfeit the price or full value thereof to the person that shall have bought the fame; and that from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty four no person or persons shall fell, or offer to fell, or expose to sale, any bad, mixed, of damnified flax seed or hemp feed for /owing, or in order to he sown, upon pain of forfeiting such feed or the value thereof, and also the sum of three pounds sterling for every hoglhcad of such feed, and so in proportion for any Idler quantity: and whereas the said recited clauses have been attended with inconvenience to the publick, and it is found expedient to repeal the fame: be it eha&ed by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June next the said clauses, and every Z z 2 thing

;i;84 T.heseventeenth and; eighteenth Years, o/f.-. George lH.

A.D.

thing therein contained shall be repealed and made null and 1777-8. void.

C.liap. 21. il And for the better regulation of the linen and hempen importer manufactures be. It. further enacted by; the authority aforesaid, fillTeii That from and after the first day of August next every person, n°r||fo""h "'l0 *mPort» t>r. cause to be imported, into any. port or place evav pared in this kingdom any flax seed or hemp feed, and shall fell and bavcrVccr- 'deli^r to any one buyer at- one time one or more hogshead lfiCj d'f fC' or *1°S^lcat*s f"ch flax seed or hemp feed for sowing, or in

the quantity

order to be sown, shall together with every such parcel deliver to tohefown,"11 t^le ^uyer a certificate in writing (if demanded) subscribed by such the port person, expressing truly the quantity and price of feed so imported country, and and fold, and that the fame was so imported and fold in order to growth, jjg sown> aIMj the port fjom whence the fame was imported, and the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth, upon pain of forfeiting to the person, who shall have bought the fame, such feed as shall be so imported and fold without such certificate as aforesaid, or the value or price thereof, and also the sum of three pounds for every hogshead thereof, and so in pro-receipt for portion for any lesser quantity, for which certificate the buyer C<7fo?diffe- give his receipt in writing to such importer; and if any such flax seed or hemp feed shall be of a different growth or age, from what shall be expressed in such certificate, the person, that shall have fold the fame, shall forfeit the price or full value thereof, and - also the further sum of three pounds for every hogshead thereof, and so in proportion for any lesser quantity, to the per-vender, ex- Con that ‘(hall have bought the fame; and that every person, of^peciuor except t^le importer, who shall fell and deliver to any one buyer mor; at one at one time four or more pecks, or any larger quantity or parcel, ;!ig<ti,an with of'‘ flax seed or hemp feed for sowing, or in order to be sown, Te buyer'1 shall together with every such parcel deliver to the buyer a cer-veniftcate if tificate in writing (if demanded) subscribed by such person, expre-I'rTntld 10°' sing truly the quantity and price of the‘feed so fold, and that the h""> fame was so fold in order to be sown, and the name and place of abode of-, the person from whom he bought the fame, and the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth, and if Irilli as certified to him by such person; and, if such feed shall be of the f' drmvth Pr°fll3ce of this kingdom, the name of the country where it grew and year of its growth, upon pain of forfeiting to the person, or forfeited who shall have bought the fame, such feed as shall be so. fold "ud'^'l such certificate as aforesaid, or the value or price thereof hogshead, and also the sum of1 three pounds for every hogshead thereof, and so in proportion for any leller quantity; for which certificate the buyer

or forfeited to buyer, or the value, and 3l. per hogshead.

rent growth or atec, fall value and further 3], per hogshead to buyer,

The seventeenth and eighteenth yddrs of George lIL 185

buyer shall give a receipt to the feller, if required 5 and if any A.D. such flax seed or hemp feed shall be of a different growth or age, .1777*8* from what shall be expressed in such certificate, the person, that Chap. 2t. shall have fold the same shall forfeit the price or full value there- VoiOffe-of, and all'o the further sum of three pounds for every hogfliea'd "nt st0"*|* thereof, and so in proportion for any Idler quantity, to the per- value,’and , Ibn that shall have bought the fame; and that from and after the first day of August next no person or persons, whether the im- l)3Jj0l^it"cj11 porter or others, shall fell or offer to sell or expose to sale, any or dirnioiJJcd bad, mixed, or damnified flax seed or hemp feed for sowing, or ["‘Jfor fo"‘ in order to be sowed, upon pain of forfeiting such feed, or the value thereof, and also a sum not exceeding three pounds, nor ,0t under 31. less than twenty shillings sterling, for every hogshead of such feed, and so in proportion for any letter quantity, to the person or to buyer, persons who shall have bought the fame,

III. Provided always, that proof of the feed not having grown, P°f of or the crop being insufficient, shall not be in itself conclusive grown"orcrop evidence of such feed having been bad, mixed, or dainnified, so

as to induce any penalty thereby on the importer or feller of said five to as to

induce penal-

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from No bmmty and after the first day of August next no bounty shall be paid on on import, any flax seed or hemp feed imported into this kingdom, unless the "'?'*,&. importer shall produce to the collector or chief officer, where the or

i i tton produced

fame shall be imported, an affidavit or other solemn attestation of of quantity, the person, who shall have shipped the fame, declaring the quantity ^Jdn>CI so by him shipped, and that the fame was of the growth of the fit summer then next preceding, and was at the time of shipping ’ good, found, and merchantable flax seed and fit for sowing, to the bell of his judgment; nor unless the importer shall also /wear, and verified or, being a quaker, affirm, that he verily believes the before re- ^iiTandW cited affidavit or attestation to be really and bona fide the affidavit or attestation of the shipper of laid feed, and believes the contents fell for Tow-of it to be true, and that in case he shall discover any part of said re‘ flax seed or hemp feed to receive any damage or injury while in his ydifobfe of

__ , r , J , , for oil, anil

polrdfion, or by any means to be rendered unfit for sowing, that not give salt he will not sell the same for sowing, but will re-export the fame 1?"" or dispose thereof for the purpose of making oil, and that lie will not give any faife certificate to any buyer of said feed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that offi«r im-from and after the time aforesaid the collector or chief officer of "landing,f" port, into which any importation of flax seed or hemp feed shall b"|Jnl’yfor^all be made, shall immediately after the landing of the fame, and Convcue 3,

The seventeenth and eighteenth yean of George III.

before payment of the bounty, summon and convene, and he is hereby authorized and impowered so to do, three persons (not importers of flax seed) such as he shall judge best {killed in flax seed, to whom he is hereby required and impowered to admini-

jB6

A.D.

1777-8.

Chap. 21.

not importers.,

swear them to fter an oath, that they will to the best of their capacity give full

judge, and J

produce the calks.

and true judgment in respect to the {oundness and quality of such flax seed and hemp feed, as shall be produced to them, and declare in like manner, whether the fame is or is not fit for the purpose of fowingj and that the said collector or chief officer shall produce to the said several persons such cade or calks of flax seed or subscribed'ott ^emP i"ee<^> as shall be imported as aforesaid; and then said persons shall report their judgment thereof to the said collector or chief if2infpcft- officer in writing, with their names subscribed thereto; and if in Officer’S’ said report two or more of them shall declare, that they lure thebung^ viewed all and every calk of the said flax seed or hemp feed, expref-sing the number exhibited to them, and that they are of opinion, that the fame is clean and of found and good quality, and fit for sowing, that then the said collector or chief officer shall, and he is hereby required and directed to, brand or otherwise mark at or near the bung hole each and every of the said calks with a mark, expressing the year and month the same shall have been so inspected and approved of by the said persons so summoned and convened as aforesaid; for every which brand or mark the sum of six pence per caflc, and no more, is to be paid by the importer to the said collector or chief officer so marking or branding the fame; and that no bounty, granted by any laws now in being, shall be paid to the importer of any flax seed or hemp feed, which has not been first inspected, reported, branded, or marked as aforesaid.

Soldonl further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

in said cadis, from and after the time aforesaid no flax seed or hemp feed, imported after said time shall be fold or exposed to sale for sowing, except in the calks in which the fame hatli been imported, duly if other fold branded or marked in manner as before mentioned; and if any mixed’for- ven<kr thereof shall offend herein, or shall sell or expose to sale foited, or va- any flax seed or hemp feed in any calk so branded or marked, /fr’hognicad other than the feed actually imported in the same, or shall fell at toprosecutor, any t;me> or }n any manner, any bad, mixed, or damnified flat feed or hemp feed for sowing, such vender shall for every such offence forfeit the said flax seed or hemp feed or the value thereof, and also the sum of three pounds for every hogshead thereof, and so in proportion for any less quantity, to any person who shall sue for the same; and if any collector or other officer of the 5 cultouu

fee 6d.per calk,

otherwise tio bounty under any law.

The sevenleenth and eighteenth years of George III.

customs shall so brand or mark any calk, before the flax seed or A.D. hemp feed therein imported shall have been so inspected, and re- 1777-8. ported to be of found or good quality, or if any person or persons Chap. 21. shall counterfeit said brand or mark on any calk or calks, every officer'^ such collector, officer, or person, shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds to any person, who shall on, or person fueforthefame.

VII. And whereas by another act of parliament passed in the '°i-'° wok-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An act cu °r’ for continuing the encouragement given by former acts of parliament to the fiaxen and hempen manufactures, in order to encourage the railing of flax seed in this kingdom a premium of one shilling a bufliell was directed to be paid for every bushell of good, found, merchantable flax seed of the growth of tills kingdom, lent on shipboard from the southern part to the northern part thereof, which premium hath not proved effectual to answer the good purposes intended thereby: therefore be it further enacted by «./<r the authority aforesaid, that for the lpace of twenty one years, to be computed from the said first day of August: one thousand seven fi» «<i hundred and seventy eight, a premium of two shillings a bushell shall be paid for every bufliell of good, iound, clean, and mer-chantable flax seed of the growth of tins kingdom sent on ship- final !i to north board from the southern part of this kingdom to the northern part thereof, agreeable to and subject to die several regulations and redactions in the said receited act mentioned.

VIII. And whereas by another clause in the said recited act of the third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures, it is enacted, that all offences or breaches, committed of or against any clause or article in the said recited act contained, except where the same are thereby particularly appointed to be heard and determined, and except where the penally or forfeiture does or may exceed in value the sum of six pounds sterling, shall and may be heard and finally determined by the said trustees for the time being, or any one or more of them, or by any one or more justice or justices of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate, within their respective jurisdictions, and that all offences or breaches committed of or against any clause or article in the said recited act contained, where the penalty or forfeiture does or may exceed in value the sum of six pounds sterling, except where the same are thereby particularly appointed to be heard and determined, shall and may be heard and finally determined by the said trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures for the time being

i 88 The sevenlcenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

being, or any five or more of them; and that it shall and may be 1777-8. lawful to and for the said feve'ral persons, thereby impotvered to Chap. 21. hear and determine the said offences, respectively to examine upon Oath all and every such witness and witnesses, as shall be pro-' duced before them respectively, which oath they are thereby impowered respectively to administer upon any complaint or information to him or them made of any offence or breach committed of or against the said act, and to issue their warrants respectively to any one or more constable or constables, requiring and impowering him or them by distress and sale of the offenders goods (the overplus whereof shall be rendered to the owner or owners there, of) to levy the respective penalties or forfeitures by such offenders incurred, which when levied shall be paid to the real informer or prosecutor in all cases, except where the same are thereby other, wife directed to be applied, first deducting thereout the sum of two shillings in the pound, to be paid to the constable or constables for executing such warrant; and in case no sufficient distress can be found, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the several persons, thereby impowered to hear and determine the said offences respectively, by their respective warrants to commit such offender or offenders to the house of correction, or next gaol, for so long a time as they shall respectively think proper, not exceeding six months in the whole, and thlt if any action or suit shall be commenced or brought against any person whatsoever, for doing or causing to be done any act, matter, or thing in pursuance thereof, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and if upon such action, or in such suit, judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein shall become nonsuit, or difeon-tinue his, her, or their action or suit, then the defendant or defendants therein shall have treble costs: provided always, that nothing therein contained shall extend to charge any person or persons with any penalty, forfeiture or punishment, for or concerning any offence, or breach of or against the said act, unless he, she, or they so offending, shall be complained of or informed against, to the person or persons thereby impowered to determine such offences,

72. within six months after such offence-or breach shall be done and repealed as committed: and whereas the said last recited clause and proviso

topowersto - r

trusteesor have been in some instances attended with great inconvenience to hearcom-3 *° the publick: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that plaints for from and after the first day of August next the said clause and Sgfed" proviso, and every part thereof, shall be repealed and made null

for sowing. and

The Jeveiiteenth ami eighteenth years of George III. 189

and void, so far as the same relates to the jurisdiction and powers A.D. given to the said trustees, or to any j ustice or justices. of the peace 1777-8. or other magistrate, to hear and determine all or any complaints Chap. 21. or informations for the importing of, or felling, or exposing to sale, any parcel or quantity of flax seed or hemp feed for lowing, or in order to be lbwn.

IX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Offences ;« from and after the first day of August next all offences or ‘a^wflax breaches committed of or against: any clause or article, in this or hemp feed, present act or in the said recited act contained relative to flax not above til. feed or hemp feed, where the penally or iforfeiture does or may not exceed in value die sum of six pounds sterling, shall and may morymilees be heard and finally determined by the said trustees for the time Jhc^unty,0' being, or any one or more of them, or by any one or more justice or "-jJlJ'f justices of the peace for the county, or by any chief magistrate of offence: any city or town corporate, where such offences or breaches shall be done or committed, within their respective jurisdictions.

X. Provided always, that no such determination shall be made, on reason-unless sufficient and reasonable notice shall be previously given to the party complained of, and that all offences or breaches committed of or against: any clause or article in this present act or in the said receited act contained, where the penalty or forfeiture ab£'n dj'"nd shall exceed in value die sum of six pounds sterling, and shall not notabovotoi. exceed the sum of forty pounds sterling, shall and may'be heard ^"'offence and finally determined by the respective judges of assize on their or where de-respective circuits in a summary way by civil bill; on which civil " puintiff» ’ bill the parties may be at liberty to proceed by process and appeal °Ptio"* in the usual way in the respective counties, where such offences or breaches shall respectively be done or committed, or in the county in which the defendant or defendants in such civil bill shall live, at the option of the plaintiff, or by the recorder of the city of Dublin, or chairman and justices for the county of Dublin for the time being, where such offences or breaches shall be committed in the county of the city of Dublin or county of Dublin respectively, or in the said county or counties where the defendant or defendants in such civil bill shall reflectively live, at the option of the plaintiff; and that if the judge or judges shall think it necessary, that a jury shall be iinpaqnelled on the trial of such civil a jwy fa-bill, a jury shall be returned instanterby the sheriff orsheriffs

fee to

which such sheriff or sheriffs shall not receive any fee or reward) to try the same, and that the vertlift given by such jury shall be final and conclusive to the parties in all courts of law and equity r,n»i,r Vol, XI. B b b and

verdict

190 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

and that all penalties or forfeitures for offences or breaches done 1777-8. or committed of or against any clause or article in this present act Chap. 21. or in the said receited act contained, where the penalty or forfeiture does or may exceed in value the sum of forty pounds fter-fuitat huv l'ng> shall and may be sued for and recovered by suit or action at sec. law, or by bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of king’s bench, common pleas, or exchequer in this king, dom, where no essoign, or wager of law shall be allowed 5 and that in all actions or suits to be brought, commenced, and prosecuted for recovery of forfeitures or penalties for offences or breaches done or committed against this present act or the said receited act, when the penalties or forfeitures shall exceed the sum tliewmw of forty pounds sterling, the Venue shall be laid in the county, whtrTdf- or the county of a city, or the county of a town, wherein such fence, offences or breaches shall be committed, and no other, and to the

end that all such actions and suits may be determined by a jury of the county, or county of a city, or county of a town, wherein such offences or breaches shall be respectively done or committed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several person and persons and courts, hereby impowered to heat and determine the said wldiefo er* offences respectively, to examine upon oath all and every witness amincdoa witneilcs as shall be produced before them respectively, which oath they are hereby impowered respectively to administer, upon any complaint or information to him or them made of any breach committed of or against this act or the said receited act, warrants to 2nd to issue their executions or warrants respectively to the (herilf or sheriffs of the respective counties, counties of cities, counties of towns, and constables, requiring and impowering him or them to levy the respective penalties or forfeitures by such offenders incuv-to profecu. rc<^ t'ie goods and chattles of such offenders, which, when for. levied, shall be paid to the person suing for the same.

Co#, not

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that above and such person and persons and courts, as are hereby impowered to to chhcrUml^eat and determine all breaches or offences done or committed p»rty. against this or the said recited act, may adjudge and award at their diforetion such -reasonable costs, not exceeding two shillings and six pence in the pound, to either of the parties, as they shall respectively think proper.

Prosecuti-

XII. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall e.v-m nSa^ tenc^ to charge any person or persons with any penalty or forfeiture for or concerning any offence or breach of or against this act, unless he, she, or they so offending shall be complained of l or

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 191

or sued, or informed against, within nine calendar months next A.D. after such offence and breach shall be done and committed. 1777-8.

XIII. And whereas by a clause in the said recited act of the third Chap. 21. of his present Majesty's reign it is amongst other things enacted,

that every linen weaver or linen manufacturer shall across each end of every piece of linen cloth, by him, his journeyman, or forfeit js. apprentice woven, weave or cause to be woven two coarse threads or cords distant from each other about one fourth part of an inch, and shall also write or cause to be written with pen and ink close to such coarse threads or cords on each end in legible characters his christian name, fimame, and place of residence; therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person, who shall not observe the said recited claule in every particular, or who shall be guilty of offending against the fame, from and after the twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five shillings; and that no person whatsoever shall felling fell, or expose to sale, or buy any piece of brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth, that has not two coarse threads or cords cords, «mt woven at each end thereof, and the manufacturer’s name and «r>, oamc place of residence written legibly at each end of such piece of linen and hempen cloth, as in said receited act is directed, upon as in fan aa, pain of the person felling or exposing to sale any such pieceIs' forfeiting the sum of five shillings, and the person buying burer 4°»- the fame forfeiting the sum of forty shillings, for every such offence.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Brown from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hun- an^thT' dred and seventy eight no brown or unbleached linen or hempen ’/.(/-cloth, commonly known by the name of moneymores, or seven tnm. sifc, eighths wide, manufactured or made in the province of Ulster, or frr0m goo set in the counties of Leitrim, Sligo, or Mayo, in the province of ^>alll^"3’2 Conaught, from the set of eight hundred to twelve hundred, shall inches broad, be fold or exposed to sale, which shall not be when brown, and "d 3j bl'ach‘ before the same shall be bleached, thirty two inches broad at least, a sing|e and when bleached thirty inches broad at least 3 and that no piece piece 26

of seven eighths wide, manufactured in the province of Ulster, or in n 50 r’ the aforesaid counties of Leitrim, Sligo, and Mayo, shall contain Joul)lc>P< any greater number of yards in length (if a single piece), than twenty six yards, and (if a double piece) than fifty two yards, upon pain of the person felling, or exposing the same to sale, for- s*-fating the sum of five shillings.

Brown to have (i inches at each end open at out-Julc,

penalty 5s.

3 G. 3. c. 3^.. jjotwith-Handing, dou l.tfs, flicetmgs, o/en6rigi, made in Munfltr or C\n,itifr/:ft fold there without seal*

3 3- c-

U- f; W-

injurious to linen trade by unfair advantage to reii-dents in market towns, jobbing und foi dialling!,

The seventeenlb and eighteenth years of George III.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight no person shall fell or offer for falc any piece of brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth, that shall not have at least six inches at each end of the piece open at the outside to view, under a penalty of five shillings for every such offence.

XVI. And whereas it hath been found inconvenient in many respects to subject brown or unbleached linen cloths, called or known by the name of dowlafs, sheeting, and ozenbrigs, rnanu-factured in the provinces of Munster and Conaught, to be sealed pursuant to an act made in the third year of his Majesty's reign, intitled, An act for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight all brown or unbleached linen cloths, called or known by the names of dowlafs, (heelings, or ozenbrigs, manufactured or made in the provinces of Munster or Conaught, may be fold or exposed to file in any place in the said provinces without being sealed, any thing contained in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas by a clause in the said recited act it is enacted, that all brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth, limn or hempen yarn, that shall be fold in any place in this kingdom, except in the city of Dublin or suburbs thereof, by any person 0: persons, other than rdident merchants or fiiopkeepers dealing in such cloth or yarn, or other than and except such linen anil hem- j pen yarn as shall be fold in a wholesale way, that is to say, in urn j quantity or parcel, to the value of twenty pounds or upwards, l>; one person, shall be fold publickly in some open market or tail between the hours of eight of the clock in the forenoon and fou; of the clock in the afternoon for linen and hempen yarn, am: between the hours of ten of the clock in the forenoon and fa of the clock in the afternoon for brown or unbleached linen o: hempen cloth, on the respective day or days on which such markr or fair is ui’ually held; and that if any person or persons, no: being a rdident merchant or shop keeper, or dealer in a wholeiil way as aforesaid, shall fell, or offer or contract to fell, any hid cloth or yarn in any other manner than as aforesaid, inch person or persons shall forfeit such doth or yarn, or the value thcrcoi. and whereas the said last recited clause is found to be injurious in the linen trade of this kingdom by giving an unfair advanug:

to persons residing in market towns, and likewise is found to pro-

The seventeenth and eighteenth Teort of George III. 193

mote jobbing and forestalling: be it enacted by the authority A.D.

aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of August 1777'®'

one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, no person what- 9^1*

soever, whether tefident or not, shall buy or offer to buy within none /half

the custom gates or custom gaps of any fair or market town in 'Xmgapi

this kingdom, on the respective days the market or fair shall be ^rmda*"a°r

held in the fame, any brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth bleached

before the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of four of the clock in the afternoon from the twenty from , JS

4 September to

fifth day of September to the twenty fifth day of March, or before a? March, the hour of ten o’clock in the forenoon or after four in the after- after born noon from the twenty fifth day of March, to the twenty fifth day of September, under a penalty of forty shillings for every piece of penalty40}. brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth so bought. fcr piece'

XVIII. And whereas by an act passed in the fifteenth and fix- lS fifteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting 3 unto his Majesty an additional duly on the fcyeral commodities, goods^ and merchandises therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of all gold andfiver lace, and of all cambricks and lawns except of the mamfiBure of Great Britain, it is amongst other things enacted, That no cambricks or lawns whatsoever, (except of the manufacture of Great Britain) Hull from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and (eventy five be imported into this kingdom in any (liip or vessel whatsoever under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such cambricks and lawns, and treble the value thereof, and of the ship or vet fel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel: and whereas of late large quantities of foreign cambricks and lawns have been clandestinely imported into this kingdom, notwithstanding the prohibition in the' said receited act mentioned, to the great detriment of the cambrick and lawn manufactures of this kingdom: for remedy ombrict whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, if any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually of the raid known by or under either of these denominations, shall be seized ofherinfwee, by virtue or in pursuance of the said receited act, or any other wl,'"c.

1 1 . manul ’«uita

aft now in force, or if any action shall he brought by the owner upon owner o» or claimer of such goods against any officer of the customs or ctainlrl' excise, or any other person, for any thing done in pursuance of the said receited act, or any other act now in force 5 and (f any doubt or question shall arise, where such goods were mannfactured, the proof shall be upon the owner or cla-imcr of such goods,

*94 Yhe feyeriteenth and eighteenth Yean of George III.

A.D.

and not on the person who seized the fame, or against whom such

1777-8. action shall be brought: any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

' Foreign

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ht^detiwr- person or persons shall deliver to bleach any foreign cambricks or lawns to any bleacher as Irish, or if any person or persons shall oicached or knowingly bleach or (lamp any foreign cambricks or lawns with a WtiTw5 British or Irish stamp, such person or persons shall forfeit fifty Ir htacher Ponnds 5 and that In order to dittinguKh Irish cambricks or lawns

shall mark from foreign, every bleacher shall, before he delivers the same to ^i:h the owner, or expose them to sale, mark or stamp each end of every such piece with the trustees seal, and also with his own name per piece, ’ and place of abode, under the penalty of five pounds for each JihoutVamp piece .; and that no cambricks or lawns shall be exposed to sale, ji./» pk«, or remain in the custody of any wholesale or retail merchant of cambricks or lawns, without such stamps, under the penalty of five pounds for every such piece so exposed to sale, or found in custody of such merchant; and that no remnant of cambrick or lawn shall be exposed to sale, or remain in custody of any such merchant, without one end thereof' stamped as aforesaid, under penalties as the penalty of five pounds for every such remnant; such penalties and forfeitures to go to and be recoverable from the person or persons, in whose custody such goods are found, by the person or persons who shall seize the same as aforesaid, in the same manner as all penalties arc recovered by an act of the third of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures.

Cambricks,

XX. And whereas certain doubts have arlfen, how far cam-dama^as bricks, lawns, and damasks are included within the description of linen and the words linen and hempen cloths in the act, entitled, An act

hemp mami. 1

failures with- for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures, and in all other acts relative to the linen and hempen manufactures in this kingdom: be it declared by the authority aforesaid, That all cambricks, lawns, and damasks are to be considered as linen and hempen cloths, and as linen and hempen manufactures, within the intention of the said acts.

remnant without one end stamped

s'.

'’rd'G-d- < S4-

in alt the aits.

Repealed by

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no justice c'm. "f.^ of the peace, or chief magistrate of any town or corporation, shall receive or take any fee or reward for any summons or warrant, or for hearing or determining any complaint or information before him, or for any thing he may do> or cause to he done in pursuance of this act, or of the act aforesaid; and that no justice of the peace shall hear or determine any complaint

or

The feoenteenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 195

or information for any breach or offence, to be done or committed against this A.D. act, or against the act aforesaid, unless such justice of the peace shall hare an 1777"* estate for life in lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the clear yearly value of Chap. 21. two hundred pounds sterling) and that if any justice of the peace, not having '

such estate, shall hear, or determine such complaint, or information, such justice ftnll forfeit to the injured party the sum of one hundred pounds sterling for every such offence or breach, to be recovered by civil bill, as herein before mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person, who shall knowingly swear any thing, which as perjury, is false, either viva voce, or in any affidavit, or upon any examination in any manner relative to any thing contained in the said recited act of the third year of his present Majesty, or in this present act, shall upon conviction suffer such punishment, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are b.y the laws of this kingdom subject to.

XXIII. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether the linen hall The linen

and yarn hall, and the houses, offices, and grounds to them re- '

(jieftively belonging, in the county of the city of Dublin, be the the property of and legally verted in the trustees of the linen and hempen manufacture in this kingdom: in order to obviate such doubts be

it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the paf-ling of this act, the linen hall and yarn hall, and the houses, offices, and grounds to them respectively belonging, in the county of the city of Dublin, be verted in the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures in this kingdom for the time being, and their successors.

XXIV. And forasmuch as divers wicked and ill-disposed per- ClerSr u-fons may be encouraged to commit larcenies in the linen hall and

yam hall, and in the houses, offices, and grounds thereunto belonging, by reason of the privilege, as the law now is, of de- linen or gam manding the benefit of their clergy: therefore be it enacted by tL’uo'house the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons, that shall at any time from and after the first day of August one '"> thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, by day or by night pri- or on aiding vatcly and feloniously steal any goods or chattles, wares or merchandizes, of the value of five shillings dr more, being in the linen hall or yarn hall, or in any house or office thereunto belonging, although the said linen hall or yarn hall, or such house or office, be not actually broken by such offender, and although the owner of such goods, chattles, wares, of merchandizes, or any other person or persons, be or be not in the said linen hall or yarn

C c c 2 -hall,

i$6 Ybe seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D. 1777.8. Chap. 21.

End of stolen linen cut off to prevent proving property*

Wo’-vn or pirt bleached not having i coarsecordsat each end, as l>y» G» 3. c. 34.. forfeited, and 40$. per piece,

as 61J penalties by said act.

Bleachers to mark on each end within the cord* initials of name, and

number*

' linen not corded and stamped by white seal* mailer, for-felted, and 5l.

to ship, or attempt, any part of manufacturing machine, f.ir* feited and $1,

hall, or in 'such house or office, or shall assist or aid any person or persons to commit any such offence, being thereof convicted or attainted by verdict or confession, or shall peremptorily challenge above the number of twenty returned to be the jury, ftiail by virtue of this act be absolutely debarred of and from the benefit of clergy, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas the robbing of bleachyards in differnt parts of this kingdom has become so frequent as greatly to injure the persons concerned in the linen and hempen manufactures; and it has been observed, that most or all such stolen linens, as have been recovered after having been so stolen, have been found with the ends cut off to prevent the owners from being able to prove their property in the fame: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, no person whatsoever shall have in his or her custody any piece of more of brown or in part bleached linen, that shall not have two coarse cords at each end, as directed by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for (be better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures; upon pain of forfeiting such piece of cloth, and also the sum of forty shillings for each and every such piece, to be recovered and disposed of in the same manner as in and by the said act directed, with regard to penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, not exceeding the sum of six pounds.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bleacher of linens, or persons giving out linens to bleach or whiten, shall mark on each end of the piece with marking ink within the pords the two initial letters of his name, or more, with his or her number fixed after said letters j and if any piece or part of a piece of linen shall be found in the custody of any person or persons whatsoever not corded on either end, before the fame is finished and damped by a white seal-master, that he or (lie, in whose custody said linen is found, shall forfeit the fame, and also the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by the first real informer that files for the fame, in such manner as is by the said act directed, with regard to penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned not exceeding the film of six pounds; and that if any person Hull take on board any ship, boat, or vessel, or attempt to take on board any ship, boat, or vessel, any spinning-wheel, loom, hackle, ,or any machine made use of for or towards the manufacturing of linen or hempen cloth, or any part of any spinning-whccl, loom, hackle, or of such machine, every person so offending shall forfeit

The seventceitth and eighteenth years of George III. 15.7

feit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered sis all penalties and A.D. forfeitures are by this act, or by the act of the third year of his 1777-3-prefer Majesty's reign* intitled, An act for the better regulation of lie linen and hempen mam]allures, alid also such spinning wheel,-loom, hackle, or machine.

CHAP. XXII.

dn all to explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth andfourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act for amending the publick roads.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen, whether by the act of the DoulitS oW thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present 13 & 1+G. 3. Majesty, intitled, An act for amending the public roads, grand ju- 3*' ries of counties, and counties of cities, and counties of towns, are enabled to grant any sums of money for the repairing of any bridge in such counties, unless a plan of the work to be done be annexed to the affidavit, upon which such preferment is grounded; and also whether such grand juries are enabled to grant by preferment any sums of money for the) making or repairing of any road in such counties, if the prclentment be for a smaller number of perches, or for a smaller sum, than is contained in the affidavit, upon which such preferment is grounded: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and prtfent-with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of June S, ° one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight it shall and may be lawful for the grand juries of the several counties* and counties of cities, and counties of towns, by preferment to grant such sum or sums of money, as they shall think necessary, on such counties for the repairing of any bridge in such counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, although no plan of the work to be done, to be annexed to the affidavit upon which such preferment is grounded, and also for the grand juries of such counties to grant such sum or sums of money, as they shall ami fur think necessary, for the making or repairing of any road in such counties on any barony, or half barony ill which such roads arc prete ..r situated, although the preferment should be for a smaller num- thanfourn1 ber of perches, or for a smaller sum, than is sworn to in the affi- to-davit, upon which such preferment is grounded, and for the judge of assize to confirm such preferment.

198 A.D.

1777-8.

Chap. 22.

Carcase or hide, fold in principal ilreets from Dublin to BelfaJ}f forfeited and 40$.

fiarony presentment for drains through bog>

not above 12d. per perch, and is. per 1. for overseers.

On afluh-vit by a before 2 judices of reasonable and necessary charge.

not paid, till overseeds affidavit of expenditure before ajudge.

And that ditches are efle&ually scoured, and free passage for water.

The fventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person, who shall expole to sale after the first day of Sep. tember one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight the carcase or hide of any beast, or any part of the carcase of any bead, in the principal Ilreets of any town, through which travellers usually pass from Dublin to Belfast, shall upon conviction by the oath of one credible witness before any one justice of the peace of the county, where such offence shall be committed, or upon the view of any such justice, for every such offence forfeit a lum not exceeding forty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of such justice, and also such carcase or hide, or part of a carcase.

III. And that it shall be lawful for the grand jury of any county by presentment to raise such sum or sums of money, as they shall think necessary, upon any barony or half barony in such county for making, widening, and deepening drains on each side of any publick road in such barony or half barony, which has been or shall be made through a bog, and for carrying off the water that may injure such road: provided such sum shall not exceed the sum of twelve pence for each perch of such drain, and for paying wages to the overseer appointed for such work, not exceeding one shilling for each pound to be expended by such overseer.

IV. Provided always, that no sum of money shall be so presented, unless it shall appear by affidavit, sworn by two credible persons, who can read and write, before any two justicss of the peace for such county, that the sum therein required is a reasonable charge, and that the work is necessary, and cannot be effectually executed for a smaller sum, to the belt of their judgment; and that no sum of money shall be paid by the treasurer of any county on account of any such presentment, until it shall appear to the grand jury and to the judge of assize by the affidavit of one of the overseers appointed for such work, who can read and write, sworn before one of the judges of assize, that the said sum so accounted for hath been faithfully and honestly expended in the execution of the work, for. which such sum of money was granted by such presentment, to the belt of his skill and judgment.

V. And whereas the publick roads receive great damage by the overseers neglecting to oblige the landholders to keep the ditches on each side of the road lcoured, as the law directs: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the words following, viz. [and that the ditches, which are on each side of

?. the

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. i gg

the said road, are effectually scoured, and a free passage made for A.D. the water] shall be added to the affidavit, which such overseer iy,y-8. is obliged by law to make, before he receives the money present- Chap. 22; ed for the repair of such road.

VI. And whereas by an act of the thirty third of George the 2 Ycara al. second, chapter eight, it is enacted, that if it shall appear to any j^fsf"a!aa judge upon due proof by two substantial witnesses upon oath overseer on at any adizes, within one year after, any query on a presentment q^ry for any highway or bridge has been discharged, that said court of iasby3j was deceived or imposed upon by any affidavit for discharging f j4' such query, and that the road or bridge were not made or built pursuant to the presentment for the fame, the judge of assize may, notwithstanding such query was discharged, iilue process in such case against the overseers mentioned in such presentment, as if the said query had never been answered: and whereas the time allowed for issuing such process is not found by experience sufficient to answer the good purposes of the said last mentioned act: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the time allowed for issuing process upon such query as aforesaid may be enlarged or extended to the term of two years instead of the term of one year.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A.ufco{ any justice of the peace, who shall have a freehold estate of one loot.iyear hundred pounds per annum in any barony or baronies in the county of Downe, shall be empowered on view to abate all nuisances, to remove all encroachments on any of the roads in such barony or baronies in said counties, wherein he shall have such freehold estate of one hundred pounds per annum, and have the lame power and authority to proceed to the abatement of such nuisances or encroachments, as the laws do now give to any justice on complaint being made to him of any nuisance; and.that the several churchwardens of every parish in said county of w,rJ"min Downe shall be overseers of the roads to prevent encroachments Plwlom-

leers to pre-

and nuisances on the lame, and shall have the fame powers and vent nulfan-authorities within their respective parishes, that the overseers or fab constables appointed by the grand jury of any other county olhcfJ have by the act aforesaid; and that no money shall be presented or raised off any barony or parish in said county for the payment of any such overseer for his or their trouble in executing such ollice.

VIII. And whereas it will tend to lessen the expence of keeping Grani ju. juiblick roads in repair, if the grand juries of the respective rk. of tcruin counties shall be empowered to agree or contract with proper per- wsffiM»con-

fons

200

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 22.

keeping roads in repair 4 >wra.

signed by parties, delivered to crown clerk) barony preferment not above a-*d. per perch, for Antrim may contrail for yd, per arm, per perch by 19 6 20 G. 3. c. i3. /3*

Not paid, till contractor’s affidavit before the judge allowed.

County presentment for survey and map,

notabove tool, for each 10Q00Q acres,

without previous affidavit or clli-mate.

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

fons for a limited time to keep the roads, for which such pre* fentments have been granted, in constant repair: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the grand juries of the counties of Antrim, Donegall, Downe, Kerry, Kildare, King’s county, Limerick, Wicklow, and city and county of Londonderry, at each assizes for said counties frail have full power and authority to enter into any contract or agreement by the year with any person or persons for keeping any part or proportion of the publick roads of said county, that have been heretofore made or repaired by presentments, in sufficient order and repair for any (pace of time not exceeding four years; which contract or agreement shall be signed by the parties, with whom the grand juries of said counties shall make the fame, and shall be delivered over to the clerk of the crown to be by him kept with the records of the said counties; and that the grand juries of said counties shall have full power and authority to present any sum of money to be levied and raised off the inhabitants of the respective baronies or half baronies in said counties, to be paid to the person or persons with whom they shall make such contract or agreement s provided the same shall not exceed the sum of two pence halfpenny by the perch of road so to be kept in repair, and so for a greater or lesser proportion of road.

IX. Provided nevertheless always, that no part of the money so presented shall be paid by the treasurer of said county, until such contractor or contractors shall make affidavit before the judge of assize, that such proportion of road is at that time in sufficient order and repair, and until such affidavit frail be allowed and passed by the then grand jury and judge of assize.

X. And whereas the grand juries of the several counties in this kingdom are allowed by law to present any sum, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred pounds, for an accurate survey and map of their county, and said sum is insufficient for said purpose, and not proportioned to the various sizes of the different counties: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury of each county, at any assizes held for the fame, to present to be raised on the count)' at large any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred pounds for each one hundred thousiml acres contained in such county according to the county books, or the usual computation thereof, and so in proportion for any less quantity, for the obtaining an accurate survey and map thereof; such map when finifred to be deposited anti kept by the treasurer of such county among the records thereof; and that

« fiiJ

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 201

laid preferment may be made without any affidavit or estimate of A. P. the probable expence thereof being previously laid before them. 1777"®-

XI. Provided always, That no money shall be paid on account of any stich preferment or preferments, until the said survey On fccnii-shall be finiflted, and map delivered to the treasurer, and approved of by the grand jury, unless sufficient security shall be dis given to the treasurer, and approved of by the grand jury, by nat above the surveyor or surveyors for the compleating said survey, and fanii-delivering said map on the terms and within the time specified cd-in such security; in which case it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury from time to time to direct the treasurer to pay any sum, not exceeding two third parts of the money presented, to such surveyor or surveyors to enable him or them to proceed in making such survey, before such survey shall be actually fmished.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any . Demands justice of the peace, or any other person, shall demand or take for fv'caLg any sum of money or any reward for swearing any affidavit di-

redied to be made by the act for amending the public roads, or by this act; every such justice of the peace or other person so offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds to the prosecutor or informer, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same by civil hill.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall . County and extend to the county or the county of the city of Dublin, except iin'«Cf|*cdj so far as relates to impower grand juries to grant presentments

for making maps or surveys of counties. for maps

XIV. And whereas by an act of Parliament passed in this 3 c c kingdom in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, s-f- r-An act for discharging without fees persont who shall be acquitted of fence!, for which they are or shall be indicia/, and for making a compenfotkn to sheriffs, gaolers, and clerks of the croton, and clerks of

lb: peace, for such fees, the grand juries of the county of Cork are impowered to raise and present on laid county any sum, not exceeding thirty pounds, at each assizes to be held for said county, in lien of fees of persons indicted, tried, and acquitted at the assizes ami quarter sessions for said county, to be paid to the clerk of the crown and peace for said county in manner therein mentioned: and whereas the said county is very large and exten-five, and the trouble and expence of executing the said offices of clerk of the crown and peace therein are much encreased: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it Hull gmuijury and may be lawful for the grand jury at every assizes, to be held oXina'/prl Vol. XI. Etc for f'"not,

above 501.

20-2

for clerks of crown and peace in lieu of fees of persons dtfcliarg-- ed.

Grand jury c<*fs paid by occupier of

'land when levied, tho*

not occupy* ing when imposed.

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

for the said county, to raise and present in the usual manner on the said county at large any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifty pounds, to be paid to the clerks of the crown and peace for said county in lieu and recompence of the fees payable unto them for such persons, as shall be tried, acquitted, and discharged without fees at the assizes and quarter feifions for said county, pursuant to the said receited act, any other law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether the grand jury Cess imposed previous to the expiration of any lease, but not levied until after the expiration of such lease, is to be paid by the tenant, whose lease is expired, or to remain a charge on the lands and to be paid by the actual occupier thereof at the time of the fame being levied.: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every grand jury cess shall be paid by the personor persons, occupying the land at the time such cefe is levied thereout, though such person or persons did not occupy the fame, when the cess was hnjposed.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend an AO, entitled. An Act for enforcing a due Execution of the Laws relative to ‘Turnpike-roads in this Kingdom.

-13 &i+ TT! WHEREAS the several regulations prescribed by these-not «tcnife<i ’ ’ veral laws made in this kingdom for the repairing the to roads here- turnpike roads following, that is to say, from Dublin to Dun-thctrustees, leer, from Dunleer to Dundalk, from Dundalk to Newry and Bambridge, and from Dublin to Kinnegad and Mullingar, are fully sufficient to enforce a due execution of the said latvs ref-, peftively j and the several regulations in said receited act are un-

necessary to be extended to said roads, or the trustees respectively of the fame, and would, if extended, be attended with great inconvenience, not being conformable in many instances to the regulations respectively enjoined by said several laws: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That nothing in said receited act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to said recited roads, or any of them, or the trustees appointed for the fame, or to their proceedings, their treasurers, clerks, overseers, or servants, or

any

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. .203

any of them, nor to any treasurer of a county, or clerk of the A.D. peace, for or in respect of the fame. 1777'^-

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act to prevent the Mfchiefs that arise from driving Cattle within the City of Dublin and Liberties thereof

WHEREAS the improper and cruel manner, in which cattle are driven Sipiicd r:s(.

through the streets and liberties of the city of Dublin, has occasioned great mischief, and endangered the lives of many of his Majesty's liege subjects inhabiting therein: for preventing whereof for the future, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act if any person or persons, who shall be hired or employed to drive any cattle within the said city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, shall by negligence or ill usage in the driving such cattle be the means, that any mischief shall be done by such cattle, or by any one or more of them, which shall be committed to his, her, or their care; or if any driver or drivers of cade within the limits aforesaid shall in any wise misbehavehimself, herself, or themselves, in the driving, care, or management of any such cattle, by the improper driving, treating, or using of such cattle, then and in any of said cases, and so often as any of them shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any constable or other peace officer upon view thereof, or information of any person or persons, who shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said constable or other peace officer, to seize and secure by the audio, rity of this act, and without any other warrant to convey such offender or offenders before some justice of the peace of the said city of Dublin, or liberties thereof; and the party or panics accused being brought before such justice, within whole jurisdicttion the offence (ha! be committed, such justice shall proceed to examine upon oath any witness or witnesses, who Dial! appear or be produced to give information touching such offence; (which oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) and if the party or parties accused shall be convicted of any such offence either by his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid, lie, (lie, or they so convicted Dull forfeit and pay any sum not

E e e 2 exceeding

204 ^he seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five shillings, to the person or persons who 1777-8. shall prosecute to conviction any such offender or offenders , and if the person or Chap. 24. persons so convicted shall refuse or not be able forthwith to pay the sum forfeited, every such offender shall by warrant under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace, within whose jurisdiction the person lb offending shall be convicted, be committed to the house of correction or some other prison within the city of Dublin or liberties thereof, within which the offence shall be commuted, or the offender shall be apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or shall be publickly whipped, as such justice Hull think fit and order.

II. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the person or persons giving such information as aforesaid Avail neglect or refuse to attend without some lawful excuse, to be allowed by the justice, such cooftable or other peace officer within the space of six hours from the time of making such information, he, she, or they so offending shall, upon proof being made on the oath of such conibble or peace officer, that such person having given such information as aforesaid, (which oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than ten shillings, to such constable or peace officer, and if the same shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattles by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice.

III. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That die court of mayor and aldermen of the city of Dublin for the time being shall have full power and authority to make,-frame, and set down in writing such reasonable rules, orders, or ordinances for governing and regulating all persons, who shall drive any cattle, sheep, calves, or lambs, within the said city of Dublin and the liberties thereof, and to annex such reasonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach of such rules, orders, and ordinances, not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than five shillings for any one offence; and such rules, orders, and ordinances, or any of them, from time to time to amend.

IV. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or he construed to extend to impower the said court of mayor and aldermen to shorten or abridge the time for keeping the said market open; but that the same shall be kept open from the hour of twelve of the clock at night ’till the hour of three of the dock in the afternoon on the several market days, and at no

other

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 205

other hours, unless the said court of mayor and aldermen shall judge it proper A.D.

V. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any one justice of the peace of the city of Dublin or the liberties thereof, within whole jurisdictions any offence shall be committed, shall have power to hear and determine in a summary way complaints of offences, that Dial) be committed contrary to any of the rules, orders, or ordinances at any time hereafter to be made by the said court of the mayor and aldermen in pursuance of this act: and the said justice or justices, and each of them respectively within their respective juris-ditlious, is and are hereby authorized and required upon view, or upon complaint made on oath to them respectively, of any such offence committed within their respective jurisdictions contrary to such rules, orders, or ordinances, within six days after the commission of any such offence to issue his or their warrant or warrants under his hand and seal or their hands and seals, directed to such constable or constables, or other peace officer or officers, as the said justice or justices, or any one of them, shall from time to time think fit, thereby requiring him or them ’to apprehend such offender or offenders, and to bring him, her, or them, before the said justice or justices, or any one of them within their respective jurisdictions, to answer the matters of complaint to be contained in such warrant or warrants; and if such offender or offenders shall be corn-idled either by his, her, or their confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such justice or justices respectively, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to ad-miitifter) it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, or any one of them, to impede a line upon him, her, or them, for the said offence, not exceeding the penalty or penalties which shall be inflicted in ami by the said rules, orders, and ordinances; and if the person or persons so convicted shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay the penalty or forfeiture imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and may bi lawful for such justice or justices, or one of iliom, in his or their respective juris-diclions, immediately to commit the person or persons convicted to the house of correction, or other prison within the -jiirifdiflion of such justice or justices re-fptclivciy, or any one of them, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not acceding one month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid; all which penalties and forfeitures shall go and be paid to the person or persons, who shall inform and ptofccutc to conviction any such offender or offenders.

to enlarge the lime for keeping it open.

F f f

VI, Be

206 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

J)4 VI. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, who shall be 1777-8. apprehended for having committed any offence against this att, shall refuse to dif-Chap. 24* cover his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the justice or justices, before whom he, she, or they shall be brought, such person or persons so refuting shall immediately be delivered over to a constable or other peace officer, and shall by him be conveyed to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place, where the offence shall be committed, or tile offender or offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for the space of one month, or until he, (lie, or they shall declare his, her, or their name or names, and place or places of abode, to the said justice, or to some other justice of the peace for the said county

or place.

VII. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an abstraR of the several provisions and penalties contained in this act, and all such rules, orders, and ordinances, so to be made from time to time by the said court of mayor and aldermen, shall within fourteen days after the making of such rules, orders, and ordinances, be printed and fixed upon such of the most conspicuous places within the said city of 'Dublin and libcitics thereof, in such manner as the court shall think proper, and from time to time order.

VIII. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person, against whom a warrant shall be issued by any justice of the peace either before or after conviction as aforef.ua, for any offence against this act, or against such rules, orders and ordinances hereafter to be made as aforesaid, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other county, city, liberty, town, or place out of the jurisdiction of the person granting such warrant or warrants as aforesaid; and if the goods and chattles of any offender, convicted of any offence in pursuance of tins aft, shall be in a different county, city, liberty, town, or place, than where the said party was convicted, or the warrant of distress granted, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town, or place, than where the Cad party was conviffccd, or the warrant of distress granted for any justice of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, into which such person shall escape, either before or after conviction, or where his goods or chattles shall be after such conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required within their respective jurisdictions, upon proof made upon oath of the hand writing of the said justice granting such warrant or warrants, to indorse his or their name on such warrant or warrants; and the fame when so indorsed, shall be sufficient authority

The femnteenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 207

thority to all peace officers to execute such warrant in such other county, city, li- A.D. berty, town, or place out of the jurisdiction of the person granting the said warrant; 1777"*

and the said justices respectively, or any one of them, a6 the case shall happen, after Chap. 24-indorGng the said warrant may, on the oiTender or offenders being apprehended and brought before the said justices or any one of them within their respective jurisdictions, proceed to hear and determine the complaint in the same manner, as if it had originally arose within their respective jurisdictions, or may direct the offender to be carried to the person, who granted the said warrant, to be dealt with accord* lag to law.

IX. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall suffer any punishment for any offence committed against this act, unkfs the prosecution of the fame be commenced within fourteen days after the fame be committed; and that when any person shall suffer imprisonment pursuant to this act for any offence contrary thereto, in default of payment of any penalty hereby imposed for the breach of any of the rules, orders, and ordinances, which shall or may be made for the court of mayor and aldermen as aforesaid, such person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such penalty.

X. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the order or judgment of any justice of the peace upon account of any offence committed or supposed to be committed against this act, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, city, or place, where any such conviction shall be* made, the person or persons so appealing, first giving security in the sum forfeited before such justice or justices in their respective jurisdictions to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to abide by the order or orders which shall be made on such appeal, and giving fourteen days notice Ml writing of such intentions to appeal to the party or parties, on whose prosecution such conviction was founded, if there.arc so many days between the time of the conviction and such general or quarter fessionst and if there are not, then to the next subsequent general or quarter sessions which shall be held after any. such conviction; and the justices in the next general or quarter fcfltons are hereby authorized to hear and determine every such appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such casts, as to them shall appear to be just, and to cause to be levied

F f f 2 under

j"the feveiiieenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

1), undeT the order of any such session the costs which shall be awarded, together -8. with such sum of money as any such court or session on the hearing any 24* such appeal shall adjudge to be forfeited, by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the person who shall refuse to pay such costs and sums of money forfeited, or of the person and persons who shall have become surety or sureties for him as aforesaid.

XI. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no order or proceedings, to be made or had by or before any justice of the peace by virtue of this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form.

XII. And for the more easy und speedy conviction of offenders against this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every justice and justices of the peace, before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or words to the fame effect, as the case shall happen.

Be it remembered) that on the day of in the year of our Lord A.B. is convtBed before me C.D. one of his

Majests justices of the peace of the city of Dublin, or liberties thereof (as the case shall happen) either on his own confeJpont or on the oath of one or more credible witness or wUnesses (as the case shall be) by virtue of an act made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty King George the third\ to prevent the mtfehiefs that arise from driving cattle within the city ^Dublin and liberties thereof (specifying the offence, and time and place when and where the fame was committed as the case shall be.) 'Given under my hand and seal the day and year above written.

XIII. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, it shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months, next aftery every such cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried in the county, city, or place, in which such offence shall have been committed, and not elsewhere 5 and the defendant or defendants in such "action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the speciat

t

matter

Tkeseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

20$

nutter in evidence at any trial or trials, which Hull be had thereon, and 'that the A. X). fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this act; or if any such action or ljyj-8. fuitIhallnot be commenced within die time before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the offence shall have been committed, then and in every such case or cases if the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his aOion or actions, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then and in any of the cases aforesaid such defendant or defendants shall have treble tolls, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or may hare for his or their cods in any other cases by law.

XIV. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then s«t session of Parliament.

XV. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That said mayor and court of aldermen be and are required to make such rules, orders, and ordinances, as shall be necessary to carry said act into execution and effect, within three months after passing the same.

CHAP. XXV.

v

An Act to explain the Statute of the twenty eighth Year of Henry the Eighth, entitled, The AS of Faculties.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen, whether a dignity, canonry,

or prebend in a cathedral church be compatible with any c. 19. other benefice, or may be holden together with the fame without first obtaining a dispensation for such purpose: And whereas according to the practice in this kingdom many benefices are in fad so holden, and the titles thereunto respectively are consequently exposed to such doubts: in remedy whereof be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirkuat and temporal and commons' in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons, who were in the actual possession of any dignity,

Vol. XI. G gg canonry,

2io The sevenleenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

canonry, or prebend in a cathedral church, together -with any 1777-8. other benefice or benefices, on or before the twenty fifth day of dipmt, December last, may hold, polless, and enjoy the fame in like

prebend’ puf- manner> as if a dispensation had been regularly and in due time, (cited with obtained for bolding the fame 5 any law or usage to the contrary ejDecmte hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

difpen- l>rov^e(^> That nothing^ herein contained shall extend to or

fatiou rego- affect any act, matter, or thing done, or suit commenced, before tainedf" the said twenty fifth day of December last for voiding any eccle-suits before Daflical benefice, dignity, canonry,- or prebend on account of not effected. such incompatibility as aforesaid.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted ElcBions or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

HG.J.C. ~WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the said act in some

t2‘ particulars: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty by and with the advice and, consent of the lords fpi-

ritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament af-

member’s sembled, and by the authority of the same, That if the name of

ftTved on*fc- any. member, who has served on a select committee during the

ha commit- same session, shall be drawn, his name shall be set aside, and he

tee the fame ’

session, set shall be deemed incapable of serving on such select committee,

drawn,'f unless the house shall before the day appointed for taking into

unieft the consideration the said petition have resolved, that the number of

number not

serving iufuf- members, -who have not served on such select committees in the Screw. same session, is insufficient to fulfil the purposes of the said act respecting the choice of such select committee.

Chair-

II. And whereas it is not provided in said act in case of the reported by absence of the chairman, who shall report his absence to the meir her " house: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mcm-if absent, ber, whose name was first drawn in the house, or in case of his by 2d or 3d. ajjpence mem[)er whose name was second drawn in the house, or in case of his absence the member whose name was third sot attend- drawn in the house, shall report the fame 5 and in case of the meeting! an- non attendance of such chairman at the next meeting of the other choion. committee, they shall proceed to elect another chairman in his room.

CHAP.

2H

ffljeSeventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

CHAP. XXVII.

A.D.

1777-8.

An Act to direct the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds t granted this Session to the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, and for the further Improvement thereof

WHEREAS by an act passed this session, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty an additional duty on beer, ale, f rang waters, wines., tobacco, bides, and other goods and merchandizes therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of all gold andftlver lacct and of all cambricks and lawns, except of the mamtfaSure of Great Britain, a sum of five thousand pounds was granted to the commit- j0 |^art or Turners appointed by act of Parliament for making wide and conve- cept as here-nient pillages through the city of Dublin, to be by them expended '"fi in widening that part flf the approach from his Majesty's castle of [Q‘c70'nSted Dublin to the Parliament house, between the castle gate and Goners far George’s lane, to be accounted for to Parliament: and whereas upon examination it may be found more expedient to make a passage from the castle of Dublin to the Parliament house and till they »a-college green in a different line from that, which is described in lll'hethfrer*-1 the said act, and that the fame may be executed at less expence P"' to the publick: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no part of the said sum of five thousand pounds, except as herein after mentioned, shall be applied, until the said commissioners shall have first valued (pursuant to the powers in' them veiled) the houses and grounds necessary to be purchased in order to make such passage through the different lines, which may be proposed for the lame.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as such lines shall have been furreyed, and such valuation made as aforesaid; separate accounts and estimates of the whole Separate expence of such line shall be laid before the said commissioners at a general meeting, of which twenty one days previous notice no' at the Icaft shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, exclusive of the day of publishing such notice and of the day of such meeting; t|,e ]jne and the said commissioners, or the major part of them shall at |J'n" j,etcp' inch meeting determine, through which of the said lines such passage shall be made.

G gg 2

212 Thefiventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A. d: ljn

13y 15 com*

raiHionew.

Thejcool.

then applied there*

Surveys nntl valuation (.U'fiayed ihereuUt.

5 3 may . uvttraft for lhaking fucll p.tfTige in Certain times atld for that purpose convey the pur-cliafes and unapplied sum.

III. Provided always, That no such determination shall be con-dufive, unless such determination shall be made by fifteen of the commissioners appointed by the former act.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as such determination shall have been so made as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall apply- the said sum of five thousand pounds towards making such passage through such line so determined on.

V. Provided always, That the said commissioners may apply such part of the said sum of five thousand pounds, as may be necessary, to defray the expence of making such surveys and valuation as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any fifteen *or more of them, to contract with any person or persons, who shall undertake to lay open and make such passage in the line so agreed upon within a certain time to be mentioned in such contract; and in confederation thereof to convey, transfer, and assign to such person or persons, so con-trading with said commissioners, all such houses and lands, as shall be purchased or valued, and vested in the said commissioners for the purpose of making such passage, and also such part of said sum of five thousand pounds as shall remain unapplied as aforesaid.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An A3fur preserving the Health of Prisoners in Gaol and preventing the Gaol Di/lanpcr.

Mafirmt WHEREAS the malignant fever, that is commonly called bfz["iftiV the gaol distemper, is found to be owing to want of

u. 3. c. 42. cleanliness and fresh air in the several gaols in the city of Dublin and kingdom of Ireland, and the fatal conferences of that dif-order, of which there has been of late too much experience, might be prevented, if justices of the peace were duly authorized to provide such accommodations in gaols, as may be necessary to answer this salutary purpose: therefore be it enacted by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the several justices of the peace of the kingdom of Ireland within their several jurisdictions in their quarter sessions assembled may be authorized

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George ID. 213

ftzed and impowered to order the walls and cielings of the fe- A. Di vend cells and wards both of the debtors and the felons, and also 1777-8* of any other rooms used by the prisoners in their respective gaols Chap. 28'. and prisons, to be scraped and white washed once in the year at v7vnf^ lead, and as often as to them shall seem meet, and to be regularly want and washed and kept clean, and constantly supplied with fresh air ordered at by means of hand ventilators, or otherwise to order two rooms " b'

in each gaol or prison, one for the men and the other for the "lute "-allied women, to be set apart for the sick prisoners, directing them to ic"ft,a)Car,t be removed into such rooms as Coon as they shall be foiled with ^pt cilca"

sinu 3iTCd|

any disorder, and kept foparate from those who shall be in health, separate to order a warm and cold bath, or commodious bathing tubs, to be provided in each gaol or prison, and to direct the prisoners "'omc"> to be washed in such warm or cold baths or bathing tubs, ac- a warm and cording to the condition in which they shall be at the time, be- or fore they are suffered to go out of such gaols or prisons upon in which anyoccasion whatever j to order the requisitions of this act to be warned before painted in large and legible characters upon a board, and hung e°‘t"?,0aa up in some conspicuous place of each of the said gaols and hung up in prisons, and to appoint an experienced surgeon or apothecary at tacahfu^’Qn a Hated salary, not exceeding ten pounds per annum, to attend each gaol or prison respectively; who shall be directed to report ]ary not a-to the said justices, by whom he is appointed, at each quarter fef- boJ,4port ftons astate of the health of the prisoners under his care or atfefliom. superintendance.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Courtsrcn-the said justices of the peace in their said quarter session af-

sembled be authorized to direct the several courts of justice with- provide for in their respective jurilHictions to be properly ventilated, to order pnnot kept cloaths to be provided for the prisoners when they fee occasion, to prevent the prisoners from being kept under ground, when- vemcot, ever they can do it conveniently, and to make such other or- onJ"^ "ff'f. tiers from time to time for restoring or preferring the health of fl0,is-prisoners, as they shall think necessary.

III. And whereas it will be necessary to establish a fund to carry the useful purposes of this act into execution: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the grand juries of each c. juri« and every county or county of a city, or county of a town, in this kingdom shall have power, and are required, from time to time to present such sum or films of money, as shall be neccflaiy, to be raised in such county in the usual manner to pay the expences of carrying this act into execution j and if any gaoler or gaotenen keeper of any prison shall at any time neglect or disobey the or- "'811^«"d tiers of such justices made in pursuance of this act, he may be pro- sessions,

Vo 1.. XI. H h h cccded

2J4 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

ceeded against in a luminary way by complaint made to the judges 1777-8. of assise, or to the justices in their quarter sessions; and if he be found guilty of such neglect or disobedience, he shall pay such ment com- fine, as the judges of assize or justices shall impose, and shall be

mittecL . r r 1

committed m case of nonpayment.

CHAP. XXIX.

An act for explaining a doubt, arising ttpon the laws for supplying the city of Dublin with corn andfour; and also for kjfetung tht expences of supplying the said city with the articles aforesaid.

WHEREAS certain doubts have arisen, how far personss bringing corn, meal, malt, or flour, from the inland parts of this kingdom to the city of Dublin by the means of any canal or inland navigation, and partly by the means of cars, carts, or waggons, may be entitled to the several premiums provided by the several acts for the better supplying the city of Dublin with corn and flour, the affidavits to be made, and requi-fltes to be performed, by the carriers and owners of such commodities, not making any distinction between the modes of conveying of such commodities, but requiring such persons only to set out the owners of such com and flour, the lands on which the fame grew or were manufactured, and the number of miles such lands are distant from the said city of Dublin, in order to entitle themselves to such premiums: and whereas the expsnee Forcom, of carriage by means of such canals or navigations being much

malt, or flour,.

brought to less than the expence of carriage by hones, cars, carts, or wng-Snaf^d. g011s> 's not reasonable, that the publick should be subject to of premium f0 considerable a charge on account of the fame: be it enacted inland cam- by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice *’ and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the' first clay of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine there shall be payable from time to time for all such corn, (oatmeal excepted) malt, or Hour,

brought to the said city of Dublin along any fitch canal or inland navigation, two third parts of the premiums which shall be payable at such time for the other inland carriage of such coni, oatmeaC the meal, malt, or flour, and no more; and for all oatmeal, brought othercar-°r to city of Dublin along such canal or navigation, such

riage. premium as shall be payable at such time for the other inland carriage

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 215

carriage of such oatmeal, any law heretofore made to the con- A.D. trary notwithstanding. 1777*8.

II. Provided always, that in computing the said premiums 'jckTJIw the number of miles to be paid for shall be no more, than the J^y^e place, from which such corn, meal, malt, or flour shall be from the* brought, lb all appear to be distant from the castle of Dublin calllc‘ by the lliorteft road subsisting at the time of claiming such premium.

CHAP. XXX.

Ait act to continue an aSl passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to oblige flips more effectually tq perform their quarantine, and]or the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of infeBion.

WHEREAS an act of parliament made in this kingdom in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty c.

King George the third, intitled, An act to oblige flips more effectually to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the 177S, stc. plague being brought from foreign parts into Ireland, and to binder tlx spreading of infeBion, hath been found to be of great use, but will expire at the end of the session of parliament next after the full day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said act, and every clause, matter,

(®d thing therein contained, shall be further continued for the space of seven years from the twenty fourth clay of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP.

2x6

A.D. 1777.8, v/W

'3 G. 3. c. 11. continued to 25 Dec. 1781.

to 25 Dec.

"7*r> *r

t9 6 20 Gr. 3 C. 14./. 4.

Bread in county jDuJ-lin made by nfiize struck for the cityr

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

CHAP. XXXI.

An act for continuing an act, entitled, An act for amending an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majest] King George the second, entitled. An act for the further encouragement of tillage.

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for amending an act passed in the twenty ninth year of king George IIe second, entitled. An act for the further encouragement of tillage, hath been found beneficial to this kingdom: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said act may be continued until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

CHAP. XXXII.

An act for regulating the price and assize of bread, and preventing frauds and impositions in thefale of flour, meal, beer, ale, potatoes, butchers meat, and other articles, sold by weight or measure in the county of Dublin.

WHEREAS several doubts have arisen in regard to the regulating of the assize and price of bread j and as little or no observance has been made in many places of the proper weights and measures; and ill disposed persons taking advantage thereof have fraudulently imposed upon, deceived, and opprelfed his Majesty's subjects, and more especially the poorer fort, and that a plain and constant rule and method may henceforward be duly observed and kept in the making and aflizing of the several sorts of bread, made or exposed to sale in the county of Dublin: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight all bread, made or exposed to sale in the count; of Dublin, shall be made according to the manner andafaot bread struck by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin for th:

cfcf

fhcJsventeehtb and eighteen!]}years of George III. 2ii

city of Dublin; and that all meal and flour, fold in the said A.D. county, shall be fold subject to the fame regulations and price as 1777-8. settled by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin for the said city; Chap. 32. ant! that no person whatsoever shall make for file, or fell or ex- 1 pale to sale, any sort of bread other than the several sorts of bread herein after mentioned, that is to say, white and honihold tiiws and bread i all which said several sorts of bread fluid be made in ^wi^and their several and respectivo degrees according to the goodness of UmnhoU only the several forts of grain, whereof the lame ought to be made; majeac-and the assize and weight of the said white and houshold bread made of wheat shall be according to the weekly price and assize, r"'". appointed by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin for the

-,:j -;tv li/c by lord

i.ml Cay. mayor.

K. And to the intent that the good design of this act may be effectually complied with, be it enacted by the authority albre- emmy0 laid, that every common baker, and every person who shall make or bake bread for laic, or any ways expose to sale any sort of qoiiityami bread whatsoever, in the said county of Dublin; shall from and baS^L b>-after the twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and ll'venty eight fairly imprint or mark, or cause to be fairly im- mayor for the printed or marked, on every loaf of bread so by him or her made, ut!’ ibid, or exposed to sale, the quality and name of the baker of such loaf, according to the 'rules and assize as directed to be observed in the city of Dublin by the lord mayor of the said city; ,7 llcru.;<.,t

and if any baker or other person or persons baking or making bread for sale, or exposing bread to sale, shall bake, make, as. fid./«-fell, or expose to hile any bread, which shall be deficient inloaf’ weight according to the assize of bread, to be let pursuant to the directions of this act, or such other rules and orders as shall be from time to time made as aforesaid, he, /lie, or they so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit the sum of live shillings, and for not being marked as aforesaid the sum of two shillings and six pence for each loaf; such bread being com- 0I1 co,n. plained of and weighed before a magistrate, or j office or justices p1! w of the peace, or any seneschals, within their respective jurisdic- faK tions, within forty eight hours after the lame shall be baked or

exposed to sale within the county of Dublin; all which penal-

ties shall be recovered upon conviction of the party by confession, 0nc<"witUcm or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, be- ’’>llil,rifs 0,1

J . warrant.

tore any magistrate, justice or the peace, of the county of Dublin, or before any of the seneschals in their respective jurisdicti-011s within the said county; to be levied by way of diilrefs upon the goods and chattles of every such offender by warrant under

218 The Seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

the hand and seal of such magistrate, justice of the peace, or 1777-8. seneschal, before whom such conviction shall be made, returning Chap. 32. the overplus;

v '

III. Provided always, that if any person so convicted foil think him or herself aggrieved, he or ilie shall and may make his or her appeal in writing to the next general quarter sessions of the peace held for said county, where the same shall be heard in a coiu not himmary manner, and finally determined; and if the person ft above ji. appealing shall not make good such his or her appeal, or profc-

cute it with eflfeft, the said court of sessions shall award such costs, as they shall think proper and reasonable, not exceeding imprisoned the sum of five pounds, and commit the offender to the common wi payment. g30j 0p tjle county, until he or she shall make payment of laid costs, and also of the penalty adjudged on the said conviction.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that otilergrafn any haker or feller of bread shall put into any bread by him than by assize fold, or exposed to sale, any mixture of any other grain, than c ' ’ what shall be appointed by the assize settled as aforesaid, every such person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the lum of five shillings, to be had and recovered in manner and form before mentioned; and if any magistrate, justice of the ne^ca'in-1' Peace> or seneschal, shall, on due information made to him or auty, oy.o them of any offences committed against this act, wilfully and to county Iti- willingly omit the performance of his duty thereupon in the byb?) bh! execuli°n of this act> or neglect to pay the penalties or forfeits sessions. tures, when levied, to the treasurer of the infirmary of the county of Dublin, he shall forfeit the sum of five pounds sterling, to be recovered by civil bill before the chairman and justices at the general quarter sessions held in and for the county of Dublin.

ilay by day V. And that the good intent and design of this act may he cmer, forch^ the more effectually accomplished, be it further enacted by the bread, authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for any magistrate, justice of the peace, or seneschal, within their respective jurisdictions in the said county of Dublin, during the continuance of this act, to enter (in the day time) into any Jiotifo, /hop, stall, bakehouse, warehouse, or outhouse of or belonging to any baker or feller of bread, there to search for, view, weigh, or try all or any of the bread of such person or persons, if deficient as shall be there found; and if any bread shall be there found m minerals, deficient either in the goodness of the materials, whereof the

working, or 0

weight, or not fame shall be made, or be deficient in the due baking or working mnr cd, feu- hereof, 0l- f|ia[[ f,e wanting in the due weight, or ftiail not !w

truly

the jiventeciilb and eighteenth years of George III. 219

truly marked according to the directions of this act, or shall be A D. of any other fort, titan ftiail he . allowed by virtue of this act, 1777-8. that then and in 1'uch case such magistrate, justice of the peace, Chap. 32. or lenclchals as aforesaid, are hereby severally and respectively ' authorized and empowered to take and seize the said bread so 10 *,lc l,oor found, and canfe the same to be forthwith given and distributed or to the poof of the parish, where such leizure shall be made, otto the debtors confined in the county gaol, at their discretion; and if any baker or feller of bread, or other person or persons, rcavch^’+Is. shall not permit or suffer such search or seizure to be made, or shall oppose, hinder, or refill the fame, he, she, or they so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered and had in the summary manner and form herein before mentioned for punishing bakers in not observing the weight of their bread.

VI. And whereas frauds and impositions have been committed in the sale of bread, flour, meal, butcher's meat, hay, llraw, ami meaiuiw and other articles usually sold by weight, and in the sale of beer, ale, and other articles usually sold by measure: be it enacted by Utcdbyciiy^ the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thou- <»'"’3«-sand seven hundred and seventy eight, that all weights and measures, used in the sale of such articles in the county of Dublin, shall be regulated according to the standard weights and measures used in the city of Dublin, and shall be sealed and marked by the person, appointed to seal or mark such weights and mea-furcs in the city of Dublin, at the expence of the owner of such weights and measures.

VII. And to the further intent that the good delign of tins aft ;f nt may be effectually complied with, be it enacted by the authority and not r«i-aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, atiM-cd?1’ which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven eacl,> hundred and seventy eight, any person or persons using weights or measures in the sale of such articles in the county of Dublin, that are not lealed or marked as aforementioned, shall forfeit the sum of two shillings and six pence for each and every such weight and measure, and the like sum for each and every such weight and measure as are deficient in the standard as before mentioned; and such weights and measures shall be forfeited to the use of his Majesty; and in case of non payment of the said on no penalty such person or persons, owning or using such weights or measures, shall be committed to the common gaol of the said 1,oars.'

county

2 50

Read m 'court lit day every A/Jioft

l>) clerk of peace,

penalty 40s.

The seventeenth and eighteenth yean of George III.

A.D.

county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space 1777-8. of forty eight hours, the said penalty to be had and recovered as Chap. 32. the penalties in the former part of this act are directed to be recovered.

VIII. And for the better observance of this act be it enacteil by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, the clerk of the peace for the county of Dublin, or in his absence his deputy, shall read this act ill open court on the first day of every general quarter session, that shall be held in and for the said county; and in case of failure thereof the said clerks of the peace shall forfeit the " sum of forty shillings, to be sued for and recovered as the other penalties herein before mentioned.

Penalties to

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that coumy iiof- all the penalties herein mentioned shall go to and be paid to the treasurer of the county of Dublin hospital for the use of the diiKna ac- hospital, and that the treasurer thereof shall keep a fair and dif-tinct account of the same.

X. Provided always, that no person, punished by virtue of this act, shall be for the fame offence prosecuted on any other law, statute, usage, or custom whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that may picad gcf in case any person or persons shall be filed or prosecuted for any and Laveuc- thing. he shall do in execution of this act, the defendant may We coils. plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence;

and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff be nonsuited, or judgment shall pass for the defendant in such salt, such defendant shall recover treble costs.

C ntimicd

XII. Provided always, that this act shall be and continue in 1 years from force for two years, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and until the end of the then next session of parliament after the said two

&c. by 19 a

*0 g. 5. t*. 15. years. 5

pita),

count kept.

No other

prosecution.

Defendants

CHAP-

TIjc seventeeiith and eighteenth pars of George IE. i 21

A.D.

CHAP. XXXIII. l77T

An Act for preventing the cutting or defraying of plain, fiained, or printed linens, cottons, lawns, or muslins, or any other manufactured goods.

WHEREAS the printing and Raining linens, cottons, and muslins is at present, and has been for several years palt, a very considerable manufacture in this kingdom, and of great national importance, as it gives employment to many persons of both sexes, has produced an additional home and foreign consumption of Irish linens, and is still capable of many further improvements: and whereas sundry evil minded disorderly persons have at different times for some time past cut anddestroyed garments of plain, printed, and Rained linens, cottons, lawns, and muslins on the wearers backs, and have also in a riotous and disorderly manner gone into the fliops, warehouses, andbleachgteensof several per-i'ons, who were artificers of the said manufacture and of other manufactures of this kingdom, and there cut and destroyed the same to the great prevention of the increase and consumption of the said manufacture j and at length arrived at such a degree of daring insolence as to threaten the lives and properties of many use* ful and industrious inhabitants, and to march through several of the principal streets in the city of Dublin, and denounce vengeance with the moll horrid threats against all-wearers and venders of printed manufactures, and presumed to disperse printed hand bills declaratory of such their dangerous and illegal inten- tions; by means whereof considerable quantities of the said manufactures remain undisposed of in the hands of the several persons, who dealt therein, to their great loss and injury: be it eua&ed by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of May one thousand liven hundred and seventy eight all and every person or persons Tocut or whatsoever, who shall wilfully or maliciously cut or otherwise.de- f^"cottons, stroy any plain, painted, Rained, or printed linens, cottons, lawns, ja«, muf-or muslins, or any manufactured goods of wool, Rile, or hair, when of lii^wooil* in wear or use of any person or persons whatsoever, or in the blcachgrcen, warehouses, fliops, or any other place whatsoever or in bicach-in this, kingdom, or shall destroy any wool, and shall be thereof Vot. XI. Kkk lawfully S

stroy wooIt

222 the seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D. 1awfully convicted such person or persons shall be adjudged and 1777-8. construed guilty of felony; and every such felon and felons shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cases transpor- of felony; and the court, by and before whom such person or y’an"7 persons shall be tried, shall and hereby have power and authority to transport such felons for the space of seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and statutes of this realm.

II. Provided always, that in case any law or laws shall be Or, as by passed in this kingdom to authorize for a limited time the pu--nishment by hard labour of persons, who for certain crimes are labour 7 or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's

y<a"’ -colonies and plantations, it shall and may be lawful, if such court shall think fit, in the place of such punishment by transportation to order and adjudge, that such person or persons shall be punished by being kept to hard labour in such places and manner as is or shall be directed by any such law or act, for such term of years as the court shall think fit: provided the same shall in no case be more than seven years: and that all and every person and persons, who shall be aiding, abetting, or alfiftingin wilfully or maliciously cutting or otherwise destroying any plain, like Pu- painted, stained, or printed linens, cottons, lawns, or muilins, or "jdbg"? any manufactured goods of wool, silk, or hair, in wear or use of abetting. any person or persons whatsoever, or in the bleachgreen, ware-houses, lhops, or any other place whatsoever in this kingdom, or shall destroy any wool, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall be liable to the fame punishments, as if he, file, or they had wilfully or maliciously cut or otherwise destroyed the same.

CHAP. XXXIV.

AnaS fir the encouragement of tillage, and rendering the carriage cf corn to the city of Dublin less expensive.

WHEREAS the granting a bounty upon the carriage by water coastways of wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, barley, flour of wheat, malt, and oatmeal from the northern and southern parts of this kingdom to the city of Dublin will be it further encouragement to tillage and navigation, and tend to lessen the expence of the bounties on the inland carriage: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the j advice

The sevenleenlh and eighteenth years of George III. 223

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and A.D. commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the an-, '777-8. thority of the fame, that all and every person and persons, who Chap. 34; shall from and after the first day of August one thousand leven ^A^rioo hundred and seventy eight import any found, merchantable for,ton|,ic-

f1 n .12a,ptr loo

wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, or barley, or any ibur of Dour and wheat, malt made of here or barley, or oatmeal, of the growth and produce of this kingdom, by water coastways to the city coastways,-of Dublin from any port or place to the southward of Dublin, lo the r«for hoi nearer tltercto than Wicklow, nor farther therefrom than

Man to Lar-

the Tufcar, or from any port or place to the northward of Dub- nckf^m lin not nearer thereto than Drogheda, nor farther therefrom than Mct^cd i« Carrickfergus, and shall fell and discharge the fame in the publick markets or places, where corn, flour, malt, or oatmeal are ’ usually fold in Dublin, shall, upon performing the several requisites herein after mentioned, receive from the collector of the . on perfi>m>. port of Dublin for the time being, or the officer appointed for paying the premium upon the inland carriage of com and flour to Dublin, the sum of four pence per hundred weight for each miums on in-and every hundred weight of such wheat, beans, peas, oats, WcMmS'-here, barley, or oatmeal, imported or brought into Dublin as aforesaid, and the sum of twelve pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of such flour made of wheat, and malt made of here or barley, imported or brought into Dublin as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Jt) fcr IC0 that all and every person and persons, who shall from and after &c-the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and loo Jlour and seventy eight import or bring any such found, merchantable wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, or barley, or flour of wheat, «<mii malt made of here or barley, or oatmeal of the growth and^.w. produce of this kingdom from any port or place to the southward of the Tufcar, or from any port or place to the northward of Carrickfergus, by water coastways to tire city of Dublin, and Avail fell and discharge the fame in the publick markets or places, where such wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or oatmeal are usually fold in Dublin, shall in like manner upon performing the requisites herein after menti-: orted receive from the collector of the port of Dublin for the time being the sum of five pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of such wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, or barley, or oatmeal, and the sum of one shilling and two pence/rr hundredweight for each and every hundred weight

of

lity to be flipped,

Yclurn,

:i24 The fenenteenth and eighteenth yean of George III.

A.D.

of such flour of wheat, and malt made of here or barley, lo 1777-8. brought or imported into Dublin from any port or place to the 'Chap. 34. southward of the Tufcar, and the northward of Carrickfeigus, an£j as aforesaid.

Notice V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

matter and the master of the ship, boat, or vessel, in which such wheat, the collector beans, peas, oats, bere, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt made t’itj-and’qua- of bere or barley, or oatmeal, shall be brought to the city of Dublin, and likewise the real owner of such wheat, beans, peas, oats, bere, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt made of here or barley, or oatmeal, shall before the same shall be shipped, give notice thereof in writing to the collector or principal officer of the port or district, where the same shall be shipped, and (halt specify in such notice the quantity and quality of such wheat, beans, peas, oats, bere, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt made of bere or barley, or oatmeal, intended to be shipped j and M collector to co^e^or or principal officer shall thereupon direct one of the dircaan offi- officers of such port or district to attend the shipping of the fame* and make"'1 and as soon as the same shall be shipped, such officer shall make a return in writing to such collector or principal officer of the quantity and quality of such wheat, beans, peas, oats, bere, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or oatmeal so shipped; and in such return the name of the ship, boat, or vessel, in which such wheat, beans, peas, oats, bere, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or oatmeal shall be, (b shipped, and of the master thereof, shall be- specified, and also the time of shipping the fame; and the said return shall be signed by such officer making the same,-and the quantity, for which the premiums shall be paid, Hull not to exceed not exceed the quantity set forth in such return; and the master ictutn, of fuc{1fl1ip> boatj or vessel shall , after such wheat, beans, peas, affidavits oats, here, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or oatmeal, shall made by S- be so shipped, make an affidavit before such collector or before owner"1 some neighbouring justice of the peace (which oath they arc of the hereby respectively impowered and required to administer without quaIityVrhi> fee or reward) of the quantity and quality of such wheat, beans,

Tnc .'T'1' Peas> oats, here, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or oatmeal irish growth, so shipped, and likewise the owner or owners of such articles so ty received"* shipped shall make like affidavit or affidavits in manner aforesaid, mentioning his or their place or places of residence respectively and the quantity and quality of the articles so shipped by him or them respectively, and that the same are of the growth of this kingdom, and that no part of any such wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, or barley, orflourof wheat, malt, or oatmeal folhipped, has ever received any bounty for carriage by land or coastways; and such collector

premium

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 225

or principal officer shall thereupon deliver to such mailer a certi- A.D. ficate under his hand and leal, in which shall be mentioned the 1777 -8-quantify and quality of such wheat, beans, peas, oats, bere, or Chap. 3^ barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or oatmeal so Hupped, and also to

the name of the mailer and owner or owners of such cargo, a

and his or their place of residence; and such collector or principal a,d next officer shall by the next poll transmit to the collector of the port of Dublin true copies of all such returns, affidavits, and certifi- to DMn cates, which copies he is requited to file and keep lafe. b" a"10

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Qn the mailer of every such ship, boat, or vessel, shall upon his arrival'(hail arrival in the city of Dublin deliver to the collector of the port cite to cni-of Dublin such certificate, and shall also make an affidavit before such collector or officer (which such collector or other officer is quantity and hereby impowered and required to administer without fee or re- cr's'i'ame'"'" ward) in which shall be mentioned the quantity and quality of ri such wlieat, beans, peas, oats, here, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or oatmeal so brought, the name or riaiites of the owners thereof, and the place from whence he brought the same.

V.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Forging or if any person or persons shall forge any such certificate, affidavit, or note, or if any person or persons shall produce to‘ such col- fiyawi atsda-lector or officer any such certificate, affidavit, or note, knowing r.hir.'rL'iV. the same to be forged, or shall knowingly l'wear any thing, that ^ViifTpcr-is false, in any such affidavit, he, she, or they shall upon con- jury, viction of any such offence suffer such punishment, as persons convicted of wilful perjury are by the laws of this kingdom subject to.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Liieac-such and the like accounts shall be kept of the several payments,

which shall be made in pursuance of this act, for all wheat, "f" heans, peas, oats, bere, or barley, or flour of wheat, malt, or carriage-oatmeal, imported coastways to the city of Dublin, as are directed to be kept by the several acts relative to the premiums upon the land'carriage of corn and flour brought to the city of Dublin.

VII. Provided always, that such officer, so appointed for pay-

ing the said premiums, shall not pay any premium in pursuance without lam]* of this act, unless a certificate be produced to him under the '^scao'^ hand and seal of the surveyor or land waiter of the port of J5a"r’‘con'-Dubiin, specifying the quantity of corn, beans, peas, malt, flour, or oatmeal landed, "that is found and merchantable, with the name of the ship, and port from whence it came, nor unless the collector of the said port of Dublin shall certify in like man-Vol. XI. L 1 1 ner

226 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

ner, that by die copies transmitted to him from the collector or 1777-8. principal officer of the port, from whence the said lliip came, ’ v’" ’ the several certificates, affidavits, and returns seem to him to

have been made as required by this act.

No fee to

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

officers. that none of the said officers herein before mentioned shall take any fee or reward whatsoever for any thing, he or they shall do in pursuance of the directions herein before given.

Continued

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 1^7,<»-1782, this act shall continue in force until the first day of June one to 24 thousand seven hundred and eighty two, and to the end of the 20 G.f. then next session of parliament.

c. 34. f. 6.

CHAP. XXXV.

An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the sixth year of lii reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for encouraging the planting of timber trees.

t> G. j. c. WHEREAS y an act passed in the sixth year of the reign '7‘ W of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for encouraging

the planting of timber trees, it is among other things enacted, that from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty six if any tenant for life or lives by settlement, dower, curtesy, jointure, lease, or any office, aril, military, or ecclesiastical, impeachable of waste, or any tenant for years exceeding twelve years unexpired, shall plant fall)', oiier, or willow, the sole property of such shall during the continuance of the term vest in the tenant, and he may cut and sell the same under the restrictions therein after mentioned; and if such tenant shall plant any timber trees of oak, alh, elm, firr, plane, wallnut, chesnut, horse chesnut, quick, or wild alh, alder, poplar, or other timber trees, such tenant during the term shall be entitled to a house boot, plow boot, cart boot, or car boot, of such trees by him planted; and at the expiration, or when such trees shall have attained maturity, which shall first happen, shall be entitled to the said trees or the value of them, according to the directions therein after mentioned, any covenant heretofore made, law, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and by the said act it is provided, that where the expiration of the term is certain, the tenant during the last year of his term paying the rent, and performing the covenants, may cut and carry away the trees by him planted: and whereas considerable parts of the

lands

furrtiulet

The froenteenth and eighteenth years of George III. 227

lands of this kingdom are held by leases for terms of years front A.D. bodies corporate, ecclesiastical and lay, which leases the tenants 1777-^‘ from time to time surrender upon taking new leases of the fame: Chilp. 55. and whereas a surrender in such case may be considered as an expiration of the term, and thereby in many cases defeat the good intention of the act aforesaid: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present par- rf y liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the u, body cor-i'urremler of any lease for a term of years of lands to any body lrafc'no' corporate, ecclesiastical or lay, for the purpose of taking aSetttmMto new lease thereof, shall not be considered as an expiration of tenant’s cn-the term surrendered, fb far as the fame reflects the said act, j^pbmUng'w bur that every tncwal shall be considered as a further continu- by6G. j.c ance of the original term, and the tenant shall enjoy all benefit 'uk renewal of planting given by the act aforesaid in as full and ample a manner as if the additional term of years had been contained in tenn. his original lease.

II. And whereas the bark of standing trees has been heretofore kW, five usually stripped for tanning hides of cattle in bogs and other private places, and for dying linen, yarn, thread, and skins, by persons in private houses: for remedy whereof for the future be pits, hides or it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first k1119’ day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight no pcifon whatsoever, other than publick and known tanners, do tan or keep in lime or other pits in order to tan any hide or hides, skin or skins, whatever; and that no spinner, weaver, ikinner, or other person whatever, not being a known dyer, and nor, except exercising the trade of a dyer, shall colour or dye any linen, yarn, fl"X!ye m"’ thread, skins, or gloves, with the bark of any tree growing in ^n*k&Qcf' this kingdom, not being his own property; and if any person not his own, ’ shall be convicted thereof upon the oath of any one credible wit- t ness before any one justice of the peace within his jurisdiction, fore judice, he shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, as to such justice "°r HZl5 ’ shall seem meet, not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, together with the charges previous to and attending '

fuel) conviction, to be ascertained by such justice as shall convict such offender; and upon nonpayment thereof such justice or commit-shall commit such offender to the common goal or house of cor-ration by warrant under his hand and leal, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, or until, the said penalty and charges shall be paid.

3 I. 2

CHAP.

Tibe seventeenth and eighteenth years of George fit.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An act for reviving and continuing several temporary statutes.

WHEREAS the several temporary laws and statutes hereafter mentioned are found to be of general use, and pro-i Amt, c. per to be continued: therefore be it enacted by the kiiitr’s moll

jo. continued1 . J

by 290.2. excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Mniiroed ri lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present pariia-ytara, &c. ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, that an aci made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of queen Anne, entitled, An act for the exchange of glebes belonging to the chunks in this kingdom, and which was further continued by several subsequent acts, and was by an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second continutd from the making of said last mentioned act for the term of twenty one years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, be continued in force for twenty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. ftrpry, H- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an act made in this kingdom in the third year of the reign of + mapper- h's *ate Majesty king George the second, entitled, An etB for jxtual. the more effectual preventing and further fun'tshment of forgery, p/r-jwy, and subornation of perjury, and to make it felony to seal lords, notes, or other securities for payment of money, and further continued by several subsequent statutes, and by an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second made t) continue for twenty one years from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, be made perpetual.

III. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, that a daufc in an act passed in this kingdom in the seventeenth year 17 G. 3. c. of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, entitled, tinued to 2j An act for the amendment of the law in relation to forgery, milk March 1790, j’a[vage of goods jlranded, which clause relating to forgery was by subsequent acts continued to the twenty fifth of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and afterwards by an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his late Majesty king George the second’s reign made to continue further for twenty one years

from

228

A.D.

1777.8.

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 229

from the twenty fifth of March one thousand seven hundred and A.D. fifty seven, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, *777"®* be continued unto the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a Colluri and clause in an a® made in this kingdom in the first year of his present Majesty's reign relative to colliers and miners, who absent to

themselves in breach of contra® without licence or discharge, which 2+June, was afterwards continued by several subsequent statutes, be further I75°’ e‘ continued unto the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in this kingdom in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An 3

aftfir the encouragement of the fisheries of this kingdom, and also an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for explaining and jg. 3. c. 7.

mending an aftfir the encouragement of the fisheries of this kingdom, and also a clause

in an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for continuing, reviving, and amending several temporary statutes, and other 7 G. 3. c. 20, purpfes therein mentmedt whereby the said two before recited acts of the third and fifth years of the reign of Ids present Majesty, are amended, shall be and continue in force until the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aibrcfiud, That fj/h, Gamt. the several clauses relative to trawling in the bay of Dublin and

to the preservation of the game, which clauses are contained in ( & t c an a® made in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteenth 3.I4iI+as years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for Dubttn bCy.'" reviving and continuing several temporary statutes, and to prevent the & Prefer"s definitive practice of trawling for ffi in the bay of Dublin, be miedtoa* continued to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven {"c"'17501 hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

VII. And whereas by an a® passed in the fifteenth and fix- c,u!,. teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An & Q act to prevent and punish tumultuous risings of pet font within this 3. c. 2l.f. rj. kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it is amongst

ether things enacted, That every person or persons, who shall by

Vol. XI. M tn in force

230 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

force or violence break open any gaol or prison with an inten-1777*®> tion to refeue or enlarge him, her, or themselves, or any other prisoner or prisoners therein confined on account of any offence, perftms, though the fame be not capital, all anti 'every person or persons, oih°rwife°r wh° commit such offence, and shall be found guilty thereof, breaking gaol suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy,

to relate pri- J

foncts, tW and shall and may be. tried before the trial or attainder of the cepW. felo- person or persons so enlarged, any law or statute to the contrary ")'> death j in any wise notwithstanding: and whereas the said clause has been found not fully to answer the purposes intended by the faiil act: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act every person or persons, who shall by force or violence break any gaol or prison with an intention to refeue and enlarge any prisoner or prisoners therein cnntimied^to confined on account of any offence, though the fame be not ca-ic.b>-2i k’ pital, all and every person or persons, who shall commit such 40.°’3 C’ offence, whether he, she, or they shall be prisoners or otherwise, an'd shall be found guilty thereof, shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

j uns'jtts, j 4

G«&. g That the several clauses and provisions in said act contained j'c.'ii'.'m- shall extend to ail cities and counties of cities within this king-iivf&OTun- dom; and that the said receited act together with the said two tics of cities, clauses be continued in force unto the twenty fourth day of June with raid two one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the June'^So!* end of the then next session of Parliament. and.ta end of jx. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint

then next . J J ’

session, to a clause in an act of Parliament, passed in this kingdom m tnc 1783","by. 19 third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An a;l f2 f ° X-act-f'or conftrminS tides and for quieting the pnjfcjfm of protefant to 1787, &c. and for giving lime to converts from popery to perform the requisita G. 3! c. 40, of conformity, prescribed by the laws againf popery, which enafls, Pnpifi:, that all such person or persons, as had theretofore obtained the 3 G. 3. c. billiop’s certificate of their conformity, and from and after ob-limited for' tabling the fame had profclfed the protestant religion, and had cnhrgediiy continuet' protestants, and had not performed all the requilltcs subsetjoent of conformity, and should perforin the fame before the first day finueddo 24* December one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, should June 1790, from the time of his, her, or their conformity from the popith to the protestant religion be deemed and taken to be protestants of the established church to all intents and purposes, with a proviso in said act that nothing therein contained should bar, defeat, or prejudice any judgment or decree whatlbe-ver iij any

com*

The seventeentk and eighteenth Years of George III. 231

court of Jaw or equity, or any suit then depending on the A.D. popery laws, which clause to limit the time for performing the 1777*8. laid legal requisites of conformity was enlarged by several other subsequent acts, shall be continued and remain in force until by 19 & 20 the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act 13 & 14.C. 3. passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth of his present Majesty, £ entitled, An act for amending said last mentioned aS, by which it |° 2+

was enacted, that the title, estate, possession, or interest of any 75°’ °' protestant to or in any lands should not be impeached or avoided by aid of any of the popery laws, by means of any right accrued within twenty years before that session, if no suit in prosecution of such right had been commenced within said twenty years, be revived and continued to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed the twenty fifth of George the second for the more effectual execution of orders of courts of justice for giving and (,*’ ^0QUa"ei quieting possessions, anil also for the more effectual bringing to

justice such persons as shall enlist his Majesty's subjects to serve to 24 June as soldiers in foreign service without licence, and which was by ‘79°’ &c' several subsequent acts revived, and by an act for reviving temporary statutes, passed the seventh of George the third, was made to continue for seven years from the first of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament, be revived and continued to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament

25 G 1. c.

XII. And whereas several persons, well aftefted to his Majesty's government and the rftablished church, may have neglected or been prevented from taking and subscribing the oaths, and performing the other qualifications, prescribed by an act passed in this kingdom in The second year of the reign of queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery and may have by such omiflton incurred great penalties: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who have on or before the first day of April one tlious-utd seven hundred am! seventy eight tncurrrcd any penalties or incapacities in the bid act to prevent the further growth of popery mentioned by omitting to qua-1'ify thiinselves according to the Did aft, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and difehurged, from all incapacities, disabitiries, forfeitures, and pcual-tict, incurranjy reason of such omission or neglect as aforesaid j ami (hat no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not ye: avoided, shall be questioned M ni m 2

or

2$2 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

or avoided by reason of such omidion, but that all such acts shall be, and are hereby j 777-8. declared and enacted to be, good and effectual; any thing in the said act to the con-Chap. 36. tr‘lry notwithstanding: provided always, That such person or persons do and shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and perform such other requisites, as are prescribed by said act, in the maimer therein mentioned, on or before the first day of Augud, which (halt be in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

Cm!.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an 5. continued" act made in this kingdom in the eleventh year of the reign of i°8o ^U"e Present Majesty, entitled. An act to prevent combinations to

and 178;, raise the price of coals in the city of Dublin, be revived and conti-G. '£ c. 14. nueJ in force to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven r‘6‘ hundred and eighty.

XIV. And whereas by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting unto hit Afajrjly, his heirs and successors, several ditties upon vellum, parchment, and papery and also by an act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present M2' jesty, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majestp, his heirs and fucccprs, five-ral duties upon famped vellum, parchment, and paper, and also by an act passed in the present session of Parliament, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs ami /accepts, federal duties upon Jhmtptd vellum, parchment, and paper, it 15 severally enacted among other things, That for the times in the said acts respectively mentioned there should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a sum of six pence for every {kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and for every {beet or piece of paper, upon which any admission into any corporation or company should be engrafted or written: and whereas it is also by the said several aeU further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall c:i-gross or write, or eause to be engrafted or written, upon any vellum or parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things, for which the said vellum, parch, ment, or paper, is thereby severally charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or stamped as therein mentioned, or upon which there shall not be some stamp or mark resembling the fame, or shall engross or write, or eause to be engrafted or written, any matter Or tiring upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be stamped or marked fOT any lower duty than the duty by the said acts payable for what shall be so engrossed or written, then and in every such case there shall be duly answrrd and paid to hlfi Majesty, over and above the duty in said acts respectively before mentioned, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds} and that no such record, deed, instrument, or writing, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to oe good or available in low or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ten pounds, shall be full paid to his Majesty's use, and such receipt as therein mentioned produced lor the fame, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, inflru-ment, or writing, shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or stamp: and whereas doubts have arisen on the construction of the said clauses and provisions, so far as they relate to the ad-million into corporations and companies: and whereas many persons have been admitted into corporations and companies, and their admission entered, engrafted, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper not stamped: and whereas great inconvemcncies would arise to several corporations and companies, if the said sum of ten pounds was to be paid for every such omission, or in default thereof the said admission rendered void and ineffectual: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such admission or ndmissions into any corporation or company, which has or have antecedent to the twenty fifth

4

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years George III. 233

<fey of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight-been entered, cn- A.D. grofled, or written without (lamp, shall be to all intents as valid and effectual, 1777-8* and equally to be pleaded or given in evidence, as if the fame had been entered, /

written, or engrossed on Vellum, parchment, or paper duly stamped, and the duties paid for the same, as required by the said n£t$ or any of them, save and except in cases where any suit or proceeding at law already commenced, and now depending, or any admidion already brought into controversy, can or may be affected thereby: provided that such admission or admissions shall be lawfully stamped, and the duty of foe pence thereon respectively payable duly paid, on or before the twenty ninth day of September in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight: and provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make any cntTy in any corporation book liable to any (lamp or duty, other than the fame is or are now by law liable to.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his frefent Majesty, entitled, An Act for continuing an Act passed in the fevciltb Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An Act for refairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to the Town of Navan in the County of Meath, and for ref airing the Road leading from the said Town of Navan to the Town of Nobber in the said County; and alfa for repairing the Road leading from the said Town of Navan to t/oe Town of Kells in the said County.

WHEREAS by act of Parliament, passed in the third 3C. 1. c.

year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the ‘9-second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, it was provided among other things, That the tolls and duties thereby granted should take place and have continuance only from and after the tenth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty for and during the term of twenty one years: and whereas by another act of Parliament passed in the seventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the second, entitled. An act for making more ffec- __

Inal an a3 passed in the third year of his said late Majesty King 22.'

George the second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the road leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the said county, as also for refair-Vol. XL N n n ing

C. 3. c. 37.

234 The seventeeenth and eighteenth Years ^ George III.

A.D. 1ng the road hading from the said town of Navan to the town of ?7/77"®‘ Kells in ^be said county, it was among other things enacted, Chap-Ji7- That the said act made in the third yeanof his said late Majesty's reign, and all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and clauses therein contained (except what were thereby altered) should be of full force and effect, and should continue and be executed from and after the expiration of said term, for and during the further term of twenty four years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament: and whereas by another act of Parliament, passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty King George the third, it was enacted, That the said act of the seventh year of his late Majesty King George the second, the said act of the third year of his said late Majesty King George the second, as the fame is amended, altered, and confirmed by the said act of the seventh year of his said late Majesty, and all and every the authorities, powers, articles, penalties, and clauses therein contained, shall be of full force and effect from and after the expiration of the said terms of twenty one years and twenty jour years for and during the further term of two years, anil said acts from thence to the end of the next session of Parliament: and from end of whereas the said act will expire at the end of this present session jear^d'to' Parliament: therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excel-endoftiie lent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords iiffion"fum8 spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament 31 "ean'&c ^robled, an(l by the authority of the same, That the said fe-'mtothnai veral acts of Parliament, and every authority, power, penalty;

and clause therein contained, shall be of full force and effect, anc* shall he executed, from and after the end of this present w 21. session of Parliament, for and during the further term of one toTtaroad year, and until the end of the next ensuing session of Parliament, excepting such parts of the said acts, which relate to the and Kells, roads leading from Navan to Nobber and from Navan to Kells in the said county of Meath.

Tolls ap-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pair the roads the several tolls ;and duties granted by the said several acts of fore^d, Sand Parliament, or any -of them, shall be applied to and for the rental ex- pa‘lrs of the said roads (except as before excepted) and the usual expences of collecting the said tails, and to and for no other life or purpose whatsoever, until the trustees therein named shall certify under their hands, that the said roads shall have been compleatly and fuffipiently repaired; and from thenceforth, and

not

l>rnces till trustees certify.

Theseventeenlh and eighteenth Years of George III. 235

not sooner the said several tolls and duties shall be applied to all A.D. the uses and purposes provided for and intended by the said fe- 1777‘®* vetal aits of Parliament, or any of them.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

Ja A8 for the better Regulation of the Police of the City of Cork, and for other Purposes relative to the said City.

w

WHEREAS by an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth «1 G-years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An all3 ' "

for the regulation of the city of Cork, and for other purposes therein mentioned, relative to the said city, the mayor, sheriffs and common council of the city of Cork, were impowered to appoint valuators for the several parishes therein mentioned for the purposes mentioned in the said act: and whereas some doubts have arisen, whether the valuation, made by the valuators ap- valuation pointed under the said act, was legally made: therefore be itmcn'Kaby enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- and inons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the autlio- council, may vity of the fame, That the valuation aforesaid, and the ap- o?roore^of pointment of the said valuators, be annulled and made void, «ch p*nfl>

_. valuators in->

and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, dead of the sheriffs, and common council of the city of Cork for the time be-so,racr' ing duly assembled or the majority of them, from time to time by order or orders under their hands or the hands of the majority of them to appoint three or more inhabitants of each of the parishes of the said city of Cork, to wit, the parish of Holy Trinity, otherwise called Christ Church, the parish of Saint Peter, the parish of Saint Paul, the parish of Saint Mary Shandon, the parish of Saint Anne, the parish of Saint Finn Barry, and the parish of Saint Nicholas, to be valuators for the making of a valuation or valuations in the room and Head of the valuation before mentioned, and which valuation or valuations, when so made, shall be and Rand in the Read and place of the valuation in said act mentioned, and be, enure to and for all and singular the several purposes provided for, declared or intended in and by this and the before mentioned act j and that any three or more of the said valuators, so to be ap- ,0 afccrtam pointed, shall have power and are hereby required to value and ascertain diRinftly and separately the yearly value of each dwel-orhouln, ling house, outhouse, office, cellar, liable, limiey, and yard pacr'i(!"c,c*1 N n n 2 in

2.^6 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D. 1n each of the said respective parishes, for which they shall be 1777-8. appointed valuators; and that such three or more valuators so to be appointed shall at the quarter sessions, to be held for the and ukc county of the said city, take the following oath, or affirmation onfinfteadof if a quaker, in lieu or Head of any former oath or oaths or af-

any former, grmation, VIZ.

I A.B. do swear, or if a quaker do affirm, that I will to the btjl of my knowledge, f ill, and judgment, execute the office of a valuator in the partfb of in and fir

the paris of in the comity of the city of

Cork, without favour or afficRion, malice, or ill will, to any ptrfin or persons whatsoever.

with like which said oath or affirmation the justices at the said quar-by'ftid act? ter sessions are hereby impowered and authorized to administer;

and that such three or more valuators so to be appointed shall have all such powers and authorities in and for their said feve--ral and respective parishes, and shall act, do, and proceed in the same manner to all intents and purposes in and for their respective parishes, as the valuators, or any seven or more of them, were impowered and required to act, do, and proceed in and by the said recited act.

Not to in-

II. Provided nevertheless, That the said valuators shall not atLn build-" include in their valuation any houses, premises, or buildings, exempted from being charged by the said recited act, passed G. 3. c. 19. in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the belter and more certain valuation of houfis in counties of cities and counties of towns.

Valuations

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, dupllnted^as That the several valuations, so to be made by any three or more ky"&u of the said valuators in and for their said respective parishes,

shall he returned in the same manner, and to such person, and shall be deposited in such office, and for such purposes, as in and by the said recited act of the eleventh and twelfth of his copies <lcli- present Majesty is directed and required; and that such copies t'heii fullSt" thereof shall be made and delivered and attested to such persons, evidence of and at such times, and for such purposes, as in said last recited

such valua- 7 * t

lion, ad is mentioned; and that copies of such valuations, atteited by the town clerk of the city of Cork, shall in all courts and upon all occasions be deemed full and satisfactory evidence of fommoned such valuations; and that such valuators, so to be appointed, at feffians summoned to appear at the quarter sessions to tale

under like pc- a till*

nultics.

The seventeenth and eighteenth year's of Gcovgeiit 237

the aforesaid oath or affirmation, as the case shall be,' in man- A. E). ner and under the penalties, and with like method of re- 1777-8. corny, as mentioned in the said act of the eleventh and twelfth Chap. 38. years of his present Majesty's reign; with full power to the justices at die quarter sessions to excuse any of the said valua- " «-tors, and for the said mayor; sheriffs, and commbn Council; and mayor to appoint odiers in the Head of such person or persons, as the justices at the quarter sessions shall from time to time think fit point othent to excuse, or the mayor or sheriffs and common Council shall think fit to supersede or remove from said office. Or Who shall from time to time die, or remove from fitch parish, or become incapable of executing said office.

IV. And whereas a reafpitable aljowance ofight to be made i-sdoffuil in the valuations to be made of dwelling houses, outhpufcs, Sfladfor cellars, (tables, and linneys, for and pq account of depay and decay and rc-repairs: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that plin’

the said valuators, to be appointed pursuant to this act, shall deduct one third part from the full improved yearly value of the dwelling houses, quthouses, cellars, (tables, and finneys by them to be valued, as a reasonable allowance for t}?cay apd repairs; and shall return in their said valuations only the other J two third parts of the full improved yearly value of such j1'^ ' dwelling houses, outhouses, cellars, linneys, and (tables, as the valuation of such dwelling houses, and outhouses, cellars, linneys, and (tables, which returns and valuations shall be final fin®'* and conclusive.

V. And whereas it has beeri necessary to ascertain the limits The fub-of the suburbs of the said city by certain bounds, and to dif-

tinguifii die fame from the north and Couth liberties of the said guiih«l from city: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the j-^r,t'1°5rfouth bounds and limits herein after mentioned shall be taken and deemed to be the bounds and limits between the fubiirbs and liberties of the county of the said city of Cork, that is to say, on the north fide of the said city the red forge between the bites leading to Dublin and Mallow and in Blarney lane the cast end and as far as the end of Sundays well lane at the well and of William Taylor’s house on the roqdtp Sundays well doctor Blair’s dwelling-house including as part of said suburbs Sundays well lane; and on the east fide of said city the end of William Harrington’s cellars, commonly called the Red Cellars, at a place commonly called Leitrim, and the ((ream of water at the foot of Fair hill, thereby including Fair lane and Peacock’s lane as part of laid suburbs, and that all the lanes between Blarney lane and

Vo i. XI. Q o o Peacock

Treasurer shall applot and pay former preferment, for which work done* and for fabrics, not yet paid or raised.

Waste or untenanted not applotted or charged.

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

Peacock lane to the weft fide of the cattle market shall be deemed part of the north suburbs j and on the south fide of the said city the weft end of the gardens of Stephen Dunroche esquire on the Bandon road, and as far as the end of Loughtane, now the lough on the road to Kinfale, and the east end of the road leading down to Gillaby, and the south end of Gallows green, and the quarry called Coltfman’s quarry on the top of the hill on the road leading to Passage and the house of industry and the south infirmary on the road leading to Black Rock, and the south weft end of Fufar’s walk; and that all houses, offices, (tables, cellars, linneys, and yards, situate or lying within any right line or right lines, to be drawn between any of the aforesaid limits or points of extent, shall be deemed or taken as part or parcel of the said city and suburbs, and not as part or parcel of the said north or south liberties.

VI. Whereas from doubts arising with regard to the validity of the valuations, made by the valuators appointed under the said act of the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, several sums of money presented to be raised by the grand juries at several assizes, held for the county of the said city since the making of the said valuations, have not been raised or paid, although several of the publick works, for which said sums were presented to be raised and paid, have been executed by the overseers appointed for carrying on the fame: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the treasurer of the county of the said city of Cork shall in the applotment, which he shall make of such publick money, as shall be presented to be raised by the grand jury or grand juries at the firit or some other assizes, which shall be held after the passing of this act for the county of the said city, applot and pay together with such publick money all fitch sums presented at former assizes, and for which the said several works were done and performed, as have not yet been paid or raised, and also all such sums as have been presented for salaries of officers, and have not been yet paid or raised.

VII. And whereas it is deemed unreasonable, that waste or untenanted dwelling houses, outhouses, offices, cellars, stables, linneys, and yards should, whilst they shall remain waste or untenanted, be applotted and charged with a proportion of the publick money, printed to be raised by the grand jury at the assizes for the county of the said city: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the treasurer of the county of the said city, in the applotment by him to be made at the end of every assizes to be held for the county of the said city, shall not applot or charge with any part or propor-

the [event senih and eighteenth year's of G'edrge ill. 23

tion of the publick money, presented to be "railed by the grand A.D. jury at such assizes, any dwelling house; outhouse, office, cel- 1777-8. lar, liable, linney, or yard, which shall then happen to be waste Chap. 38. or untenanted,

VIII. And in order that the said treasurer may know, what ConiUHa dwelling houses, outhouses, offices, cellars, stables; linneys, and te/iflirea shall yards, may then be waste or untenanted, be it enacted by the return on oath authority aforesaid, that the several constables of the said city eUct account of Cork and the suburbs thereof shall in fourteen days from °*'udr the last day of each assizes return to the said treasurer in writing upon oath (which oath the said treasurer is hereby empowered to administer) an exact account of such dwelling houses, out houses, offices, cellars, stables, linneys, and yards, in their respective parishes, quarters, or districts, as shall be then waste or untenanted, under a penalty of five pounds for neglecting to penalty 5l. make such return as aforesaid; the said penalty to be sued for feed rUp-by the treasurer in a funjmary way before the mayor, or any of mlrlllr’ the aldermen of the ward of the city, according to the summary jurisdiction established by act of parliament in the said city; and when recovered, the said penalty to be accounted for accounted as part of the publick money by the said treasurer in aid of the ^pubiict^ publick money presented to be raised by the grand juries at the money, assizes to he held for the county of the said city;

IX. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the g. jury grand jury at each assizes to be held for the county of the

laid city shall have power, if they shall see cause for so doing, not abo ve job

to present any sum, not exceeding fifty pounds, to be paid to

the two high constables of the said city, according to such fer-

vices as they shall do for the preservation of the publick peace

of the said city; and also five pounds for two turnkeys of the 5j for z

goal of the county of the said city; and also'any sum, not ex- urnlc')

ceding twenty guineas, for the two coroners of the said county 20 euinca»

of the said city for their trouble in executing their office, and ^rs2;"u"

in lieu of fees, and instead of the money the grand jury by ®f &«. &c-

law are now empowered to present for the said coroners; and also shall have power to present a sum of two guineas for the 2gumeM

attendance of a surgeon at each or any inquest to be held in

and for the said county of the said city, provided it shall ap- if on a euro*

pear by the affidavit of one of the coroners, that the attendance "

of such surgeon was necessary.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the a market mayor of the said city for the time being shall be impowered

to provide two sufficient yards or market places, 011c in the nmiMt.i.urbi, south suburbs, and the other in the north suburbs, of said real<:‘;1, B

fcity hay and draw.

240 Tita sevenleenib and xiyjiteenth years of George III.

A.D.

city, with proper scales, beams, and weights, for the felling of 1777-8. hay and straw by weight; and that no hay or straw shall be Chap. 38. f0](j in the said city, or the suburbs thereof, except by weight, under a penalty of five shillings 011 the feller, to be recovered in weight only, a summary way before the mayor or any of the aldermen of l*"ahy 5'’ the said city according to the summary jurisdiction established bundle of in the said city, by the first persons who shall sue for the same; 7lb. and that no straw shall be rriade up in a bundle of less weight penalty is. (jign seven pounds under a penalty of one English shilling on mTOdw!thW t^le fcNer> to he paid to the first person who shall sue for the diit, &c. or lame, and to be recovered in manner aforesaid; and that if any cr'afe weight, Per^011 A12! expose to sale in the said city or suburbs hay or forfeited, and straw mixed with dirt, stones, or gravel; or made wet to increase ^penalties to the weight thereof, such person shall forfeit such hay or straw, prosecutor. an(y inCur, besides the forfeiture of the said hay or straw, the said penalty of five shillings, to be determined in the summary way aforesaid, and to go to the first person who shall sue for the same.

Carmen and

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the

fated by'or' may°r> flierifts, and common council of the said city shall have der of council a power from time to time by their orders of council to regulate ter* For the conduct of such carmen and porters, as ply for hire in the fame city and the suburbs thereof, in the same manner as they are by the act of parliament impowered to regulate the conduct of coal porters in the said city.

XII. Whereas the ftrccts, lanes, and other passages in the said city of Cork and the suburbs thereof are greatly annoyed and incommoded by water spouting from the roofs of houses Water con- and other buildings, and by sign boards, sign polls, and sign roofs'1 by°m h’ons Proiecting into the said directs, lanes, and passages: therefore tranks, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the water from the roofs of all houses within the said city of Cork, and the suburbs thereof, shall be conveyed unto or near the ground by atlandlord’s pipes or trunks, to be fixed on the walls of the said houses at expmcc the expence of the respective landlords where the tenant is

where tenant r 1

yearly, or at a yearly tenant or tenant at will, or where the lease in bang is der 7 years"' for a shorter continuance than seven years, and at the expence signs and of the tenant of such premises where the lease is for a longer diewboanis continuance; and that all signs and shew boards shall be placed

fixed cJofe on \_® 1

front, or fixed on the fronts of and ciofe to the houses, (hops, ware-not to pro- houses, or buildings, whereunto they shall respectively belong,

Ita ts"t0 *n r'ic city an^ t^e suburbs thereof; and that no signs, die"’

’ boards, posts, or signs, shall project from the houses or buildings into any of the streets, lanes, or passages in the said city

or

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 241

or the suburbs thereof; and in case any such person or persons A.D. shall neglect or refuse to alter any of the said annoyances for 1777~^‘ the space of fourteen days after he, she, or they shall have received notice in writing from the mayor to alter or remove not altered the fame, such person or persons shall for every such refusal or neglect forfeit the sum of ten shillings, to be recovered before the mayor or any of the aldermen of the ward of the said city according to the summary method herein before mentioned, such penalties to go to the use of the work house of said <° the

r b workhouse.

city.

XIII. Whereas the practice of trawling, carried on in the . Trawlmj harbour of Cork, tends to the injury of the fisheiy thereof: bou/for 6ft, therefore be it enacted by authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall from and after the first day of August next take boat, tackle, or destroy any fish whatsoever (oysters excepted) in the harbour house'rftn-of Cork inside of the points called the Cow and Calf by trawling, such person or persons shall on due proof thereof made before the mayor of the city, or any one or more of the justices of the peace of the county of the said city, or any one or more of the justices of the peace for the county of Cork, contiguous to the said harbour, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, together with the boat or vessel which shall be employed in such trawling or fishing, with all tackle, fails, and rigging, together with such fishing trawls and geer made use of in such trawling, one moiety of the said sum of ten pounds, and one moiety of the money that may arise by the sale of such forfeited boat or veil'd, and of her tackle, fails, and rigging, and of such fishing trawl and geer, to go to the use of the house of industry of the said city of Cork, and the other moiety thereof to go to the use of such person or persons as shall first: sue for the lame.

XIV. And for the more effectual bringing to justice such Mlyor>, person or persons as shall be guilty of the said offence of trawl- warrant t»

® . tvi water bailiff

ing in the said harbour of Cork be it enacted by the autno- or facial of-rity aforesaid, that the mayor of the said city of Cork shall ilfuc from time to time, as occasion shall require, a warrant trawling, and directed to the water bailiff of the said city, or his deputy Stored- or deputies, or to any other lpccial officer or officers by him to be appointed for that purpose, requiring him or them to (size, arrest, and attach, and take into his or their custody, any boat or vessel that lie or they or any of them shall find trawling for fish in the said harbour of Cork (oysters only excepted) inside said points called the Cow and Calf, and to Vo 1.. XI. P p p carry

242 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

carry the said boat or vessel, with her tackle, fails, and rigging, 1777-8. together with her fishing trawls and geer, to some convenient Chap. 38, place within the said harbour, there to be detained until the cause of seizure shall be determined pursuant to the meaning hereof, and to cany the several persons, that shall be found trawling in such boat or vessel, before the said mayor of the said city, or any one or more of the justices of the peace of the county of the said city, or any one or more of the said justices of the peace of the said county of Cork contiguous to the said harbour, in order to have the said matters heard and determined, and according to the true intent and meaning hereof; not paring and that the said mayor, or any of the said justices, shall have {IcnahyTm-° Power on the conviction of the parties for such trawling to montT*1 commit the person, not paying his proportion of the said pe-

nalty, to his Majesty's gaol for the county of the said city, or for the said county of Cork, according to the reljicctive jurisdictions of the said mayor or of such justices, for the payment of such penalty, such imprisonment not to exceed one month.

Bricks not -

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that hTsw/jfr no bricks shall be burned, or any clamp of bricks be let to jatute mites be burned, within two miles English statute measure, to be com-

from the cx- r

change, puted from the exchange of the said city of Cork 5 and m case any person or persons shall burn or cause to be burned any bricks, or shall set on fire any clamp of bricks, or any clay fltaped or tempered for bricks, within two miles English statute measure, to be computed as aforesaid, the person or persons so offending penalty for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be loi.bycml recovered by civil bill at the assizes, to be held for the county of 1 ' said city, by the first person that shall sue for the same; one to prose- moiety the said sum of ten pounds to go to the governors of tutor and the workhouse of the city for the ufo of the said workhouse; workhouse. aj)(j tjj£ other moiety of the said sum of ten pounds to go to the person so filing for the same.

Magistratt

XVI. And for the more effectual prevention of burning bricks oath to"issue w*t^n ^lt aforesaid be it enacted by the authority afore-warrant to said, that besides the said penalty of ten pounds the mayor of the clamps!’11' said city, or any of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county of the said city, shall have power, and are hereby required, on view or on information on oath to issue his or their warrant or warrants to extinguish, abate, or destroy any clamp or parcel of bricks or of clay, that shall be set on fire to be burned into or for bricks within two miles English statute measure, to be computed as aforesaid.

3

XVII. Whereas the seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 243

XVII. Whereas a considerable expence hath been incurred in A.D. supplying of the city of Cork and the suburbs thereof with wa- 1777-$' ter: be it enacted by the authortity aforesaid, that if the owner Chap. 38. or possessor of any pipe or branch of any pipe in the said city

or liberties thereof, rented or to be rented from the mayor, Ihe- p'P' w.j'

J . terorpermit-

niB, and commonalty of the said city, or from the committee ting Jt 20. to deputed or to be deputed by them, shall give away pipe water, andtforaw. or permit or fuller any person to give or carry away pipe water from such pipe or branch of any pipe, such person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered in the summary way aforesaid before the said mayor or any of the aldermen of the ward of the said city by the first person, that shall sue for the same, one moiety, thereof to go to the governors of the workhouse and the other moiety thereof to go to the informer.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if

any person shall put in a branch pipe into any of the mains or without au-pipes laid for die conveyance of water-in any of the streets, tySbni’to lanes, or passages in the said city and suburbs thereof, or shall "ork-house

lit- J .... and informer.

have a branch pipe conveyed into or near any dwelling house or outhouse in the said city or the suburbs thereof, from the branch pipe of any other person in the said city or the suburbs thereof, without the consent and authority of the said mayor, sheriffs, and commonalty of the said city, or of fitch committee as aforesaid, in order that such person may be supplied with pipe water without paying for the same, that then arid in such case every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the judges of assize at the general assizes to be held for die county of the said city by the first person, who shall sue for the famej one moiety of the said forfeiture of ten pounds to go to the governors of the workhouse of the said city for the use of the said workhouse, and the other moiety thereof to go to use of the informer, or person first suing for the same.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any n,a,i;,r building or enclosure of ground hath been made in the said city or incl°rur«

0 , entered to re-

of Cork, the suburbs or liberties thereof, where pipes or mains pair pipes, have been laid, or aqueducts erected, or hei easter shall be laid or erected, for supplying the said city or the suburbs thereof with aaafcettain-water, that it shall and lawful for the mayor, sheriffs, and r,nj 1 In commonalty, or the said committee, or any one or more of the said f,yCjDl'^’.or committee, with workmen, from time to time when such mains, pi*, pipes, or aquedufts shall be out of order, to enter into and upon

such

244-

a.*d.

777-8.

refilling entrance 208.

to-work-house and informer.

The [eventtenth and eighteenth years of George DL

such buildings and enclosures,or into any ground through which such mains, pipes, or aquedufts shall be laid or erected, in order Chap. 38. to repair the fame, paying all such damages as the owner orow-ners shall suffer thereby, to be ascertained in a summary way by two persons, one to be appointed by the said mayor, sheriffs, and commonalty, or by the said committee, or the majority of the said committee, and the other of the said two persons to be appointed by such owner or owners j and in case such two persons shall not agree, then such damages to be ascertained by a third person, to be nominated as umpire by the said two persons so to be appointed as aforesaid; and in case the owner or owners of such buildings, inclosures, or ground shall refuse permission for entering in the same to repair the said mains, pipes, aquedufts aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, that then and for every such refusal such owner or owners shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered in the summary way aforesaid before the mayor of the said city, or any of the aldermen of the ward of the fame, by the first person who shall sue for the same; one moiety of the said forfeiture to go to the governors of the workhouse of the said city for the use of the said workhouse, and the other moiety thereof to go to the use of the informer, or first person that shall sue for the same.

Work- XX. Whereas the sums, appropriated to be paid to the gover* Waffident’to nors of the workhouse of the city of Cork, are not found foffapport ficient for the support or maintenance of the foundling, deserted, oun inp. exposed children in the said city, and the suburbs thereof: a b and whereas by an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years & 12 0.3. of his present Majesty's reign, intitled, An act for relief of Poor infants> wb° are Br fall be deserted by their farents, the parishes in the city of Cork are exempted from taking or receiving any deserted or exposed children: and whereas by the means aforesaid many foundling, deserted, or exposed children have miserably perished in the said city: for the prevention thereof for the future be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the church wardens of the several parishes in the said city of Cork and the suburbs thereof may if they shall think proper to take into their care and possession any infant children, that shall be deserted and exposed in their respective parishes, and that they may provide for such infant children proper nurses, cloatliing, and other necessaries sufficient for the support of such infant children, and that the expences thereof shall be raised on the inhabitants of the said parishes respectively by parish rates, in the same manner as the repairs of the parish churches or other usual

empted from taking them.

church wardens in Cork may in their parishes take and provide for deserted infants*

expence on inhabitants by parish rates,

the seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 245

jiarish rates are raised; and that the church-wardens shall respect A.D.

tively take an account, when any such deserted or exposed infant 1777-8.

child shall be taken by them in their respective parishes, and Chap. 38.

shall in two days at farthest after taking of such infant

return in writing to the matter of the workhouse of the said aft" taking w account 01

city an account of the time and place of taking such deserted of timeand place

exposed children) and the said matter of the said workhouse ^rkhotr°; shall keep a book, in which he shall enter the returns of the said «tu church wardens in priority, as the same shall be made, and that priority, the said matter of the workhouse shall lay the said book before t)Ja‘o the governors of the said workhouse, or the courts of aflitt- or assistants, ants belonging to the fame, whenever the said governors or court of assistants shall meet, and that whenever the funds of W0^oUfc the said workhouse shall answer to take one or more of the said ft'nds ali°p deserted or exposed children on the foundation of said work- said children house, to be provided for agreeable to the act of parliament in ^sby£ri* that case made and provided, the said governors or the said ority. court of assistants shall take from said respective parishes such and so many of the said deserted and exposed infant children, as the funds of the said workhouse will then allow of, and according to the priority of such deserted or exposed children being taken 011 the said parishes in manner aforesaid.

XXI. And whereas the administration of justice in the court of quarter sessions, held in and for the said county of the said city of Cork, hath been greatly impeded by the non-attendance of the grand jurors, petty jurors, and witnesses: be it therefore Grand or enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be law- K&Tm* fill for the mayor and justices of the peace for the county of the said city, for the recorder of the said city, or the deputy re- Ions on Aim* corder of the said city) as they or any of them shall happen to SS4". preside at the said court of quarter sessions, or at any adjournment thereof, to impose a fine not exceeding five pounds on any grand juror, petty juror) or witness, that shall be legally summoned to attend at the said court of quarter sessions or at any adjournment thereof, and shall refuse or neglefcT: to appear pursuant to the said summons, and for whom no sufficient excuse shall be laid before the court; and that it shall and may be law- le*>rf by fill to and for the said mayor and justices, and to and for the tPure of ut-*" said recorder or deputy recorder, as they or any of them shall ioni happen to preside at the said court of quarter sessions or at any adjournment thereof, to issue from and out of the said court pro-ccfs from time to time in the nature of an execution, directed to the serjeants at mace, the constables of the county of the said Vol. XI. Q__q q city,

of feme-covert.

fines to the workhouse, clerk's fee 2s. & 6d.

officers 2$. & 6d.

Deputy to take such oaths as recorder.

246 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

city, and the bailiffs of the fame, or to any one or more of them,

1777-8. to levy the said fine off the goods and chattles of such grand Chap. 38. juror or petty juror, or witness, who shall be so fined as afore-on husband said; and in case any such witness shall be a feme-covert, to levy the said fine off the goods and chattles of the husband of such feme-covert; and that the said fine, when levied, shall be paid over to the governors of the workhouse of the said city of Cork for the use of the said workhouse, deducting thereout the sum of two shillings and six pence, to be paid to the clerk of the peace for the county of the said city for his trouble in making out and issuing the said process, and deducting thereout the further sum of two shillings and six pence, to be paid to such of the said ler-jeants at mace, constables, or bailiffs, as shall execute the said process, for his or their trouble.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the deputy recorder of the said city for the time being shall take all such oaths, as the recorder for the time being ought to take, only substituting in such oaths respectively the words, deputy recorder, in the place and Head of the word recorder 5 and that the several courts and persons authorized to administer oaths to the recorder of the said city for the time being shall have full power and authority to administer such oaths as aforesaid to such deputy recorder as aforesaid for the time being.

Trull ee XXIII. That the several trustees, appointed or to be appointed strewiby"8 *or wideninSor ^proving the several streets, ways, andpaf-G. 3. c. 4. sages in the said city and suburbs pursuant to an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An all p tie altering and amending the several statutes heretofore made fur lb better regulation of the city of Cork, jor regulating trials by juriti in the court of record of the said city, and for establish'tng mrbt juries in said city, and for making wide and convenient ways,prill, and passages in the said city and suburbs thereof, and for prevailing frauds committed by the bakers and meal keepers of the said city, shall have power from time to time to purchase not only the several houses, grounds, and buildings for the widening said streets, ways, and passages, but also any quantity of ground, together with the edifices thereon, not exceeding thirty feet backwards, of any of said streets, ways, or passages so widened or improved, or intended to be widened or improved, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the mayor, sheriffs, constables, or market juries of said city, or any three or more of said jury, to seize any stand, table, balket, roots, fruit, blocks, timber, planks, benches, flicks, calks, anchor, or other obstruction or annoyance, standing

to purchase houses and grounds,

and not above 50 lect backward,

Mayor, &c. or 3 market jurors, may Icife annoy-aucea in streets, and remove to publick

The seventcenih and eighteenth years of George III. 247

lying in any of the streets, lanes, or alleys of said city, and to A.D. cause the same to be removed to the publick pound of said city, 1777'^-and there to detain the fame until the owner or owners do pay Chap^S.

to the mayor of the said city five {killings to redeem the pomtdftiii"*'

fame 5 and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the pe- ^iit"0red"m

nalty of five shillings with expence of removing paid within mayor,

two days after seizure, that it may be lawful for said mayor to daim'ed.and cause the same to be appraized and fold, and the residue of the Pa>'ment ln

* ’ 2 oays ap-

money anting therefrom, after paying the penalty and charges, praised and to be returned to the owner or owners who shall demand the folfa’;d Ja t. fame; the said penalty of five shillings for every such offence to ofirl‘ be paid by the mayor, when recovered, to the governors of the house of industry of laid city for the use of the said house of industry.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all penalties, not herein otherwise particularly provided for, shall for, raisedby be raised and levied by distress and dale of the offender’s goods; ani and in case no goods or chattles of the persons so offending can_at the time of such conviction be found, then and in such case it mined not shall be lawful for the said mayor, aldermen, or justices, before month?, whom such offender shall be convicted, to commit such offender

to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if Defendant*

j may plead cc*

any action or suit shall be commenced, or any replevin shall be nnai issue.or brought, against any person for taking of any distress, making a|£wa?"^ of any sale, or doing any other thing by authority of this act, ""tier

/ , , n % 1 , i... mevidence,

or of any other act of parliament relating to the said city, the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants, or others making conufance in such action, suit, or replevin, may either plead the general issue or otherwise make avowry, conufance, or juf-tilication generally, that the said distress, sale, trespass, or other tiling, whereof the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall complain, was taken, made, or done by authority of this act, or of such other act of parliament as aforesaid, and shall and may give this or such other act of parliament and the special matter in evidence at any trial thereupon, and that the said distress or other matter or thing, for which such action, suit, or replevin shall be so brought, was taken or done in pursuance and authority of this act, or of such other act of parliament as aforesaid; and in case and |,c that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, suit, or replevin, double coifs shall discontinue his, her, or their said suit or replevin, or be &c. nonsuited, or the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants, or person or persons so making conufance or justifying, shall

obtain

iij.8 "the seventeenth anil eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

obtain judgment against the said plaintiff or plaintiffs on verdict, 1777-8. demurrer, or by default, that such defendant, avowant, or person making conufance, or justifying, shall recover double costs pltfio, rtr of suit, and shall have such remedy for recovery of the fame, as ^yo/dif- defendant may have by law for costs in any other cause; and, if the plaintiffs shall have proceeded by way of replevin, shall also have judgment for recovery of the distress taken.

A XXVI. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act

*a. ' ' be deemed, and adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same, and that the fame do pass as a publick act.

CHAP. XXXIX,

Amended b all fa altering, amending, and making more efeSlual an all fit t9 and ao G. repairing the road leading from the town of Nenagb in the county 0p fipperary through the towns of Birr and Firbane in the King's county to Curranaboj-bridge on the turnpike road leading to Atblqne in the county of Westmeath and also for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty George the second, entitled, An act for the repairing the road leading Jrom the town of Nenagb in 13 ft a. c. the county of Tipperary through the towns of Birr and Firbane in tin King’s county, to Curranaboy-bridge on the turnpike road leading to Alhione in the county of Westmeath: and whereas the said road is at present in a very bad date, and it is found by experience, that the tolls and duties, granted and made payable by the said act, have not been sufficient to keep the fame in sufficient order and repair, and also to make a. reasonable provision for such creditors as aforesaid, and that notwithstanding the expence already made thereupon, the said road is now in a ruinous condition: and whereas the tolls and duties granted by the said act were to take place and continue from the second day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty for forty years and no longer, and it is found expedient to make the several provisions herein after mentioned for the more effectually amending and repairing the said road, and keeping the fame in good order and repair, and for paying the debts now due on account of the said roads to the honest and fair creditors: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords Ipirjtual and temporal and commons in this present

parliament

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 249

parliament, and by the authority of the same, that for the better A D. surveying, ordering, and amending, and keeping in repair the 1777-8.' said highway or road, the honourable Robert Rochfort, fir Wil- Chap. 39. liam Parsons, John Lloyd, Peter Holmes, Thomas Coghlan, 'riXnof reverend Thomas Dawson, Henry Prittie, John Bayley, Daniel ,p*

Toler, Francis Sadler, William Vaughan, John Greene, Wentworth Parsons, John Head, Daniel Rogers, George Pepper,

Samuel Judge, Charles Minchin, Samuel Abbot, James Otway, reverend archdeacon Synge, Richard Gafon, Theobald Pepper, captain John Robinson, Charles Atkinson, major George Clarges,

William Newstead, Andrew Armstrong of Callen, Lawrence Parsons, Mullock, esquire, counsellor at law,

Gustavus Handcock, reverend Anthony Malone, Edmond Malone of Ballvnahown, George Clibborn, James Clibborn, John Loftus Cuppaidge, Richard Pennefather, Thomas Woods, Benjamin Woods, reverend Abraham Downes, reverend Abraham Downes, junior, Jeremiah Hanks, John' Wilkinson, Robert Jackson, major Upton, Thomas Bernard, junior, Anderson Saunders,

Richard Faulkner, Michael Menitt, George Stoney, William Smith, William Woodward, William Woodward junior, John Toler, Thomas Otway, Cooke Otway, John Bayley junior,

George Harden, Henry Duggan, Denis Kelly, John Kelly, reverend Thomas Falkner, Robert Dillon, John Green, major Edmond Malone, John Head, Morgan O’Mara, Henry O’Brien,

George Heney, Jonathan Willington, Thomas Stoney, George Synge, Crefar Otway, Stafford O’Brien, Thomas Pepper, William Pennefather, Simon Pepper, Richard Beggs, Thomas Falkner of Lifbrien, Edward Ledger, Joseph Rogers, Paul Min-nitt, Josiah Minnitt, John Willington, George Jackson, Manfell Andrews, Henry Palmer, Ralph Smyth, reverend John Smyth, and the survivors and lurvivor of them, be nominated and appointed trustees of the said road, and they or any five or more of them, or such person or persons as they shall authorize or appoint, may after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight erect or cause to be erected one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts of said highway or road, and also a toll house, or toll houl’es, and there receive or take the tolls and duties following, (0||; before any horse, mare, mule, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, chair, capriole, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame (to wit) for every coach, berlin, chariot, chaise, or chair drawn by fix horses, geldings, mares, or mules, the sum of two Vol. XI. R r r shillings

2 50 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

shillings and three pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot;

1777-8. calafli, chaise, or chair drawn by any lesser number of horses, Chap. 39. geldings, mares, or mules, than fix, and more than two, one "Hulling and six pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafli, chaise, or chair drawn by two horses, geldings, mares, or mules, nine pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, or other carnage with four wheels, drawing beams or gross timber, the sum of fifteen shillings; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, drawing beams or other gross timber, the sum of one shilling and six pence; for every wain, cart, or other carriage with two wheels, drawn by two or more horses, mares, geldings, mules, or oxen, the sum of seven shillings and six pence; for every cart, or other carriage drawn with two horses, geldings, mares, or mules, the sum of six pence; for every carriage, commonly called a chair or chaise, or capriole, with one horse, mare, mule, or gelding the sum of six pence; for every car, or other carriage, drawn but by one horse, mare, mulef or gelding, the sum of three half pence, excepting cars laden with turf, and for each of them three farthings; and for any horse or other cattle laden with turf, not drawing, three farthings; for every other horse, mare, or gelding, mule, or aIs, laden or unladen, not drawing, three half pence; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of two shillings and six pence per score, and Co in proportion for any greater or ieffer number; for every drove of calves, hogs, fhecp, goats, or lambs, the sum of seven pence halfpenny per score, and so in proportion for any greater or lelfer number; which laid respective sum orfums of money shall be demanded and taken in die name of or as a toll or duty; and the money to be raised as aforesaid is and shall be hereby vested in the said trustees; and the fame, and every part thereof, shall be paid, applied, and diljiof. ed, and assigned to and for the several uses, intents, and purpo-feiiedby j. fes, in such manner as herein after mentioned and directed; and that the said trustees, or any five or more of them, be impowered by themselves, or any person or persons by them or any five or more of them under their hands and seals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any person or persons, who shall after demand made thereof negleci or refuse to pay the same, by distress of any horse or horses, or other . cattle or goods, upon, which such toll or duty may by this act b: imposed, or upon any of the goods and chattles of such person 0: persons who ought to pay the same, and may detain and keep the fame, until such-toll or duty with the reasonable charges of such dilbaining and keeping shall be paid; and that it may be lawful 1 to

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 251

to and for the person and persons so distraining, after the space of A.D. five days after such distress made and taken, to fell the goods *777"®' distrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to Chap. 39. the owner thereof, after such toll or duty, and reasonable charges for distraining and keeping the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that out of the first money, arising out of the profits of the several turnpikes to be erected, the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first pay and discharge the expences of procuring this act of parliament, and of erecting such turnpike or turnpikes, and building and repairing such toll house or toll houses, and buying or renting ground to erect or build the fame upon; and Applied, from and after such charges and expences shall be fully satisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the whole of the pro- pair and fits arising from the tolls, to be collected in pursuance of this act Jcni"s ,he at any turnpike or turnpikes, that now are or hereafter shall be credled or set up from the road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary through the towns of Birr and Fir-banc in the King’s county to Curranaboy bridge on the turnpike road leading to Athlone in the county of Westmeath, and also the road herein after mentioned leading from the said town of Nenagh to the said town of Birr, shall be applied for and towards the repair and shortening of the said road.

III. Provided always, that no part of the money arising from said tolls shall be applied to any other purpose, except to the repair of the said road; and that the trustees shall be accountable for such surplus, as shall remain, after the said road shall be effectually repaired; and if it shall be found, that said road can be ifa furpim, kept in good and effectual repair for a less sum, than that which shall be annually produced by the tolls imposed by this act, that toll, then and so often as there shall be any surplus, the said commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall, in such proportion as they shall think fit, by order under their hands and seals reduce the tolls imposed and made payable by this act.

IV. Provided also, that if any complaint shall be made to any of the judges of assize for the county of Tipperary, King’s county, plaintto judge

or county of Westnieath, that any part of the said road is out of

repair, such judge, to whom such complaint shall be made, shall examine into the matter of such complaint upon oath in a sum-

mary way; and if he shall find, that any part of the said road is

out of repair, he shall by an order in writing direct the whole of the said tolls, or so much as shall be necessary for the purpose, to

be

252 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

be applied to putting the said road into such repair as herein be-1777-8. fore mentioned.

Chap. 39. v. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the trea-'oveafimr surer of the tolls of the said road shall on the first day of every Wofnoj assizes return to the clerk of the crown of each county, where tum account gate shall be erected, a particular account, ligned by him, an<) cru.vfcicrk, verified by an affidavit at the foot thereof, sworn before one of the judges of assize for said county or counties respectively, specifying the sum received at each turnpike gate respectively on the said road, the sums paid by him, to whom, for what, and when, and the balance if any remaining in his hands j and the clerk of the lata'before crown shall lay the fame before the grand jury at the said assizes, to be inspected by them, and shall afterwards file the fame in his office.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if such treasurer shall neglect to return such account at the time herein mentioned for that purpose, he shall be incapable of holding or

d exercising such office; and the judge of assize is hereby authorized jiotaboYc'50]. upon due proof of such omission or neglect to fine the said treasurer in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, and in default of payment of the said fine to imprison the said treasurer for any time not exceeding six months; such fine or fines to be applied in the same manner, and for the fame purposes, as the tolls for the use of said road.

VII. Provided always, that if a reasonable excuse upon oath for such omission shall be laid before such judge of assize, and allowed by him, such treasurer shall not be subject to such disqualification or fine.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person, taking the oaths or making the affidavits herein before mentioned, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in such

PunlMfor oaths or affidavits, such person or persons shall upon conviction perjury. thereof incur and suffer the like pains and penalties, to which any other person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is liable by the laws and statutes of this kingdom.

Sums paid And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the sums

t» creditors a of money, which shall be paid to the said creditors in pursuance tio#.fatirfaC this act, shall be deemed and taken to be and shall be a foil satisfaction for their said debts.

X. And whereas the said highway or road leading from the town of Nenagh to the town of Birr in the said county of Tipperary may be considerably shortened, and made- more convenient for travellers, by carrying the same in a more direct fine: be

Or incapable,

or impn-foned not above flx months.

Unlcfi excuse on oath.

The road carried in more direct line.

The fiventeenth and eighteenth years of George ED. 2 5 3

It enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said road shall be A.D. carried in a new and more direct fine according to the survey 1777*8, heretofore made thereof, said new line to commence from John Chap. 39. Costello’s forge on the lands of Graige in said county Tipperary, ’— and to end at the house of James Fiper on the said lands of Graige, which said new line contains in the whole one hundred and forty perche? and an half; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby ordered and impowered to apply a sufficient sum for making said new line of road, and inclosing the fame, and to make such recompence and satisfaction for the same out of the tolls or duties arising by virtue of this act by such a sum, as shall not exceed in the whole the sum of fifty pounds sterling.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons whatsoever owning, renting, or occupy-ing any land near unto any turnpike now erected, or hereafter to be erected in pursuance of this act, shall for gain, or reward, or fins, 40s. otherwise permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, passage, or any way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, or chair, or capriole, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or riding, or driving, or drawing any horie, afs, mule, or any other fort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and shall thereof be convicted upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, which oath such trustees, and justice or justices, are respectively hereby impowered and required to admiiufter, and to hear and determine upon the fame in afum-mary way,' every such person or persons so permitting, and also the persons who shall pass through any ground to avoid paying said toll or duty, [kall forfeit and pay to the trustees authorized to put this act into execution the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and leal of said justice or justices, or under the hands and leak of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, such justice or justices, or said trustees, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner of such goods, the charges in taking and diTpoling of the said goods being first deducted, which penalty shall be expended by the said trustees in the repair of the said mad.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any

Vo 1, XI. S s s fivp

254- The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

five or more of them, to erect one or more gate or gates, turn-1777-8. pike orturnpikes, on the fide of the highway or road acrose any way or lane leading out of the said road, and toll house or toll Side gates houses, and there to receive and take such toll as is appointed by etefted, this act to be taken, so as that the fame do not extend to a double r?,a\no charge in case of passing through any other of the turnpikes now erected, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this act, from the road leading from the said town of Nenagh through the said towns of Birr and Firbane to Curranaboy bridge as aforesaid.

j Traded

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trustees, or any five or more of them, at their first: meet-surer, clerk, ing or any succeeding meetings by writing under their hands " " ’ and seals shall and may elect, nominate, and appoint one fit person to be receiver or treasurer for the purposes of receiving the said tolls, and one other person to be clerk or register, and overseer, or surveyor, for the purpose of writing and keeping the minutes belonging to the said road, and viewing the repairs and condition of the said road, and shall and may from time to tine >mi remove remove such receiver or treasurer, clerk, register, and overseer, or either of them, as they shall see occasion, and appoint new ones Mjiwo;nl in case of death, resignation, or of such removal j and the said allowance, trustees, or any five or more of them, shall and may out of the money arising by the said tolls or duties pay or allow to the hid receiver or treasurer, clerk, register, or overseer, in consideration of his and their trouble in the execution of his and their office and offices such sum and sums as to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall leem good, so as such allowance or payment to such receiver or treasurer do not annually exceed ten pounds, and to such clerk, register, and overseer, do not annually exceed ten pounds.

Giving seal.

XIV. Provided always, that the person or persons nominated kXd to °®ces of treasurer, receiver, and clerk, and register, and

furetin. overseer, or either of them, shall not aft in such office or offices,

until they and each of them reflectively shall first enter into security by bond and warrant with two sufficient persons asfuretics in the sum or penalty of five hundred pounds, payable to the trustees of the said road, conditioned that such officer or officers reflectively shall truly and faithfully account for and pay all such sum and sums of money, as they shall respectively from time to time receive out of or for the tolls and duties made payable by virtue of this act to the trustees of the said road, when and as often as they shall be thereunto respectively required, and for I til!

The Seventeenth ami eighteenth years of George IE. 255

the faithful execution and discharge of the said respective offices; A.D. and every such bond and warrant, as loon as the same shall be 1777-8. executed, shall be lodged in the hands of the principal creditor of the Chap. 39. said road, who shall be present at the meeting of the said trustees, at which such bond and warrant shall be executed; and if no creditor be present at such meeting, that then the said bond and warrant, or bonds and warrants, shall be lodged in the hands of the chairman of the board or meedng, at which such bonds shall be perfected.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that M«cmi. it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons, as the said trustees, or any five or more of them shall, appoint or employ to repair the said road, or any part thereof, or for any person or persons with whom the said trustees shall contract for the repair of the said road, or any part thereof, to dig, raise, and gather any gravel, furze, sand, stones, or other materials, out of any waste or common of any parish, town, village, or hamlet, in or near which any founderous or ruinous places of the said highway or road do lye; and for want of stuff, gravel, furze, sand, stones, or other materials there to dig, gather, raise, take, and carry away the fame out of the waste or common of any neighbouring parish, town, village, or hamlet, without paying any thing for the fame; and where there is not sufficient of said materials in any commonor waste ground near adjoining, it shall and may be lawful for them by order of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, in writing, to dig, raise, and gather the same in the several grounds of any person or persons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a house, where any such materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away such and so much thereof as shall be wanting for amending and repairing the said road, or any part thereof, paying such rates for such materials to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the same shall be digged, raised, gathered, and carried away, as the said trustees or any five or more of them shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any difference between such owner and occupier and the said trustees touching the materials or damage aforesaid, that then such damage shall be assessed by two substantial householders of the county, in which such ground doth lye, one to be named by each of the said parties, who shall be fwora by any justice of the peace of such county to make a true estimate of such damages to the best of their skill and knowledge, (which oath such justice of the peace is hereby impowered and required to administer) and ' that if any person or persons shall obstruct or prevent the digging

2 j6 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

for, railing, or carrying away such materials, such person or per-1777-8. fons upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness Chap. 39. or witnesses before any one justice of the peace of the county, where such offence'(hall have been committed, (which oath the inn S1’ said justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall for every such offence forfeit and pay to the trustees appointed for putting this act in execution a sum not exceeding five pounds to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner of such goods, the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being first deducted, which penalty shall be expended by the said trustees in the repair of the said road.

Toll but

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that once»clay in no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any of the tolls herein

eithcrdmfion , r , , 0 . ,* i 1 ,.

before mentioned more than once in the lame day within either of the divisions of the said road, but that every person having paid the toil or duty hereby imposed at any one of the gates, erected or to be erected on that division of the said road between Currana-boy bridge in the county of Westmeath and the town of Firbane in the King's county, on producing a note or ticket thereof, (which the receiver or receivers of the said tolls is or are hereby required to give without fee or reward) shall be permitted to pass free through all the several gates on the said division at any time during the day, on which he shall have paid the said toll as aforesaid, and so in like manner having once paid the said toll at any one of the gates on the said other division of the said road between the said town of Firbane in the King’s county and the said town of Birr in the King’s county and town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary, shall on producing such ticket or note thereof be admitted at any time during the fame day, 011 which he shall have paid the said toll as aforesaid, to pass through all the other gates on the said last mentioned division of the said road; but it is the true intention and meaning of this act, that every person shall pay twice on the fame day, in case he shall travel over more of the said road, than is contained in one division of the same.

j Tru(t«j

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it toucan lh«dl and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any live or b/pi!J;c ' more of them, by any agreement or agreements, lease or leases,demise sTct^odar*. or demiles in writing, to be executed by the said trustees or any five or more of them,under their hands and seals,to demise or lease, let, or fossil or any part of the tolls and duties by this act made payable,

by The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 2 57

by publick and open cant to the best and fairest bidder for any term A.D. or time not exceeding two years to commence on the first day of 1777-8. May or first day of November, which shall first happen after Chap. 39. such demise or lease, thirty days previous notice being first given of the said trustees intentions to execute, grant,- or enter into, such lease or demise, and of the time and place appointed for the doing thereof, which notice shall be subscribed by the clerk or register of the said trustees for the time being, and publickly ported at the several gates for the time being on such road; and all and every the rent and yearly income of the said tolls shall be paid and applied in the same manner, as the tolls hereby made payable are directed and appointed to be applied; and that all kales and agreements to be made or entered into by the said trustees without such previous notice, or for any longer term than the said term of two years, to commence as aforesaid or otherwise, than by publick and open cant to the best and highest bidder as aforesaid, shall be to all intents and purposes void, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Maycon. that it shall and may he lawful to and for the said trustees, or any tract for rej five or more,of them, from time to time during the continuance p"r’

of this act to contract or agree by the year or otherwise with any person or persons, who at publick and, open cant to be held by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, for that purpose shall undertake to repair the said road, or any part thereof, on the terms most advantageous for the said road, twenty days previous notice being first given of the said trustees intentions to enter into I'uch contract or agreement, and of the time and place appointed for the doing thereof, which notice shall be publickly polled at the several gates for the time being on the said road j and that all contracts and agreements for repairing the said road, to be made or entered into by the said trustees with any other person or persons, or in any other manner than as herein before is directed and appointed, shall be to all intents and purposes void, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and every sum and sums of money, which remained due by‘j3 g.Tc! to the late trustees of the said road for or upon account of the

tolls and duties, which were payable by virtue of the said recited this *a,' act of the thirteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty king George the second, at the expiration thereof, by or from the

20 Day* notice.

Money due to late trustee*

2.58 Theseventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

gate keepers, toll farmers, or other person or persons who re-1777-8. ceived the fame, be vested in the trustees appointed in and by this Chap. 39. aft, to be by them recovered and received from such persons respectively, their executors, administrators, and sureties; and that such sum and sums of money, as shall be so recovered or received, after deducting thereout the expences which shall attend the filing for the fame or the recovery thereof, shall be paid and applied by the trustees appointed in and by this act, or any and appli- five or more of them, to and amongst the several creditors of the said road herein before mentioned, their executors, administrators, or assigns, rateably and in proportion to their said respective debts,

XX. And for the preventing frauds and abuses in the said toll or duty be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons, having paid the toll or duty by this act granted and made payable, and having such note or ticket or notes or tickets, as are hereby required, shall give or dispose of the same to any other person or persons in order to avoid the payment of the said toll or duty, every such person giving, disposing, or offering, and the person receiving such note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, wherein such offence or offences shall be committed (which oath the said trustees or the said justice or justices are hereby impowered to administer) shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of ten shillings, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of, as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and disposed of by this act.

XXI. Provided always, that no person shall be charged with from*wir any of the tolls or duties aforesaid, who shall pass through any of the turnpikes to be erected as aforesaid, who shall carry any quantity of stones, gravel, or other materials for repairing the said road, or any of the roads in the parishes in which the lame do lie, or in any of the neighbouring parishes , nor shall any person or persons be chargeable with the said toll or duty for any carts, cars, or waggons loaded with com in the straw only, or for any plows, harrows, or other implements of husbandry, in order to the using and repairing of the fame in the several parishes, in which the said highways hereby intended to be repaired do lye; nor shall any toll or duty be demanded nor taken at any of the turnpikes to be erected for any horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle

cu io crcui-tors.

Giving or receiving ticket to a-veid tolls,

10s.

Continued 21 years from

The Seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 2 j

cattle going to water, or for any poll horse carrying the mail or A.D. packet, or for such horse as is or shall be used only to ride on by 1777-8. the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage, provided Chap. 39, such horse pass through the said turnpike or turnpikes with such ' waggon, cart, or carriage nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horses of soldiers passing upon their march, or for any waggons, carts, carrs, or other carriages attending them, or for horses, waggons, carts, carrs, or other carriages travelling with vagrants sent by pafles, or with prisoners transmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the tolls or duties hereby granted shall take place and have "J/lfiji continuance from and after the first day of August one thousand *ri8* seven hundred and seventy eight for and during the term of twenty one years.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that h truf_ for the continuing a sufficient number of fit persons to betrustees t«sckaed for putting in execution all and every the powers in this act contained for and during the continuance thereof it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, upon the death or resignation of any of the trustees named in this act, or of any trustees hereafter to be elected, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the term aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint in the room of such trustee or trustees so deceased or resigning another fit person, or so many more fit persons, living in the said county of Tipperary, l;,;ngmtl>c King’s county, or county of Westmeath, to be joined withcountic*- the said trustees in the execution of all and every the power and powers in them reposed by virtue of this act; and all and every person and persons so to be chosen trustee or trustees to join in putting this act in execution, as they are herein before qualified to do, shall and may be impowered to act to all intents and purposes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the said trustees are by this act impowered to do, from time to time, as often as occasion shall require.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall meet at and adjourn, Nenagh in the county Tipperary on the eighth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and the said

trustees shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places near the said highway or road to be repaired, as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper and convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for

putting

i6d The seventeenth and eighteenth yean of George III.

A'. D> putting this act in execution; and if it shall happen, that there 1777-8. (halt not appear at any meeting, which shall be appointed to be Chap. 39. had or held by the said trustees, a sufficient number of trustees to act at such meeting and to adjourn to any other day, that then and in such case the clerk of the said trustees by notice in writing, to be affixed to the respective gates or turnpikes at lead twenty days before the next meeting, shall appoint the said trustees to meat at the.house, where the meeting of the said trustees was last appinted to be held, or at some other convenient house near the said road, on some certain day to be mentioned in such notice j if not a and if a sufficient number of trustees do not attend on the day so appointed by the said clerk, he shall appoint another day, and so day- on until a sufficient number shall attend; and that the said trustees at their first meeting, and at all subsequent meetings, shall defray their own charges and expences.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that before any assembly of such trustees shall at any time after their first meeting be held to do any act or acts, or to make any order or orders in pursuance of the powers vested in the said trustees, twenty days previous notice, signed by the clerk or register of the said trustees, of the occasion, time, and place of meeting, shall be publickly ported at every gate on the said road; acts and an<^ ^ata<^s, orders, and proceedings to be done, made, or Pc"dings had by the said trustees in pursuance of the powers in them vested, clerk, and shall on the day, whereon such acts, orders, or proceedings, shall subsenbed by done, made, or had, be fairly wrote in a book by such clerk or register, and subscribed on the fame day by five of the said trustees at lead, who shall assent to such order, aft, or proceed-;»rPefted ings, which said books shall remain in the custody of such clerk by creditors, or register to be inspected by any creditor or other interested person at all seasonable times without fee or reward , and that al! acts, orders, and proceedings to be done, made, or had, without such previous notice to be polled as aforesaid, and which shall not be fairly wrote in a hook, and subscribed by at lead five of the said trustees making or alfenting to such act, order, or proceedings at the time aforesaid, shall be to all intents and purposes void; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Notrof

XXVI. Provided always, that if any person or persons, ap-tee to accept pointed or to be appointed by this act a trustee or trustees for place of pro- putting this act in execution, shall have or accept of any place of profit arising out of or by reason of the toll or duty by this act laid or granted, such person and persons shall be incapable from the

The fmnttenth and eighteenth yem of George III. ' 261

the time of accepting or continuing to enjoy such place of profit, A'. D. of acting as a trustee or trustees. 1777-8.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- Chap. 39. ritjr aforesaid, that no person, hereafter to be appointed or elected

a trustee in pursuance of this act. shall be capable of acting as a ,a y«r

n - / , - J3 H L holdonooool.

trustee in the execution of this act, unless such person shall be personal, seized and in the actual possession of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being freehold, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, or who shall not have a personal estate of the clear value of one thousand pounds; and the person so elected, before he shall be onoattl. admitted to act as a trustee, shall swear, that his estate is of that value, before five trustees assembled at a board, which oath the said trustees, or five of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to administer.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Marfueinij that the trustees nominated and appointed in and by this act, and be sued, use hereafter to be nominated and appointed in pursuance thereof,

and their successors, shall be persons capable in law to sue and be ,ic’* *« sued, plead and to be impleaded, answer and to be answered unto, in all courts of law and equity by the name of the trustees appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities mentioned in this act, and shall make and use a common seal for the purpose aforesaid, and also shall be capable in law by such name to take securities for any sum or sums of money due or to be due to them as trustees as aforesaid; and for performance of any agreement to be entered into with them, or for the due execution of any power or authority to be committed to any person or persons concerning the said road, or the tolls or duties thereof, and also to enter into and execute all such contracts and agreements as shall be necessary for or relative to the execution of the said trust.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, smfoeen that service of the clerk or register of the said trustees for the time cterkgood, being with any subpoena, order, decree, or process of any court ,fJodjy, of law or equity, shall be good service of the said trustees with before return, such subpoena, order, decree, or process, lb as such service be

made twenty days at the lead before the return of such subpoena, order, decree, or process for obedience thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, Vmuc that if any suit shall be commenced against any person or persons in&Hcoun-for any thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every such case

the venue Jliall be laid in the county of Tipperary, King’s county, or county of Westmeath, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or '

Vol. XI. U u u defendants

i6i The feiienteentk and eighteenth years of George II.

A.D.

defendants in such action or actions to be brought may plead the 1777-8. general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence '"Jj^dants at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in fey pled pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear general ue* f0 to j,e done, or that such action or actions shall be brought in any other county, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff', the defendant or defendants shall and W and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the treble cofti.1 any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other

cases by law.

ApnbKck

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-iick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XL.

4n ait fir repairing the road leading from the town of Maryborough in the Queen's county through the towns of Mountrath, Cajlktom, and Borris in OJjby in the same county, and from thence through the town of Rofcrea in the county of Tipperary, and through lb town of Dunkerrin in the King's county to the town of fom-rnrah in the said county of Tipperary.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, entitled, an act for repairing the road leading from the town of Maryborough in ti-’ Queens county through the towns of Mountrath, Ca/Hetova, and Borris in OJfory in the same county, and from thence through tb town of Rofcrea to the town of Tomivarab in the county of Tipperary, certain tolls and duties therein mentioned were granted and made payable for repairing the said road for and during the term of forty one years from the firfr of May one thousand seven hundred and thirty six, which is now expired: and whereas several sums of money are now claimed by several persons as due to them from the trustees in the said act mentioned: and whereas it may be reasonable to make some provision in favour of such persons, as shall appear to be bona fide creditors, though the tolls granted by the said act are expired: and whereas the said road is of great 3 extent,

TheSeventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

extent, and at present in a very bad state: and whereas the fame tolls, as were granted by the said act, would be insufficient to repair and keep in repair the said road, and also to make a reasonable provision for such creditors as aforesaid: and whereas for the reasons aforesaid it is expedient, that jdie said road from the said town of Maryborough to the said town of Borris in Offory . should be erected into, a separate and distinct turnpike, so as that a toll shall be collected and received on that part of the said road separate and distinct from the toll to be collected or received on the other part of the said road, which leads from the said town of Borris in Olfory to the said town of Tomivarah j and that the said road from the said town of Borris in O/Tory to the said town of Tomivarah should be erected into another separate and distinct turnpike, so as that a toll shall be collected and received on that part of the said road separate and distinct from the toll to be collected or received on the other part of the said road, which leads from the said town of Maryborough to the said town of Borris in Offory: be it enacted by tire king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the road leading from the said town of Maryborough in the Queen’s county through the said towns of Mountrath and Castletown to the said town of Borris in Offory in the same county may be erected into a separate and distinct turnpike j and that a toll maybe collected and received on that part of the said road separate and distinct from the toll to be collected or received on the other part, of the said road, which leads from the said town of Borris in Offory through the said town of Rolcrea and Dunkerrin, to the said town of Tomivarah, and that the said road leading from the said town of Bonis in Offory through the said town of ftofcrca in the county of Tipperary, and through the town of Dunkerrin in the King’s county, to the said town of Tomivarah in the county of Tipperary, may be erected into another separate and distinct turnpike, so as that a toll may be collected and received on that part of the said road separate and distinct from the toll to be collected or received on the other part of the said road, which leads from the said town of Maryborough through the said towns of Mountrath and Castletown to the said town of Borris in Offory,

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from "tul after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and kventy eight the earl of Mountrath, the carl of Drogheda,

the

2(5$

A.D.

1777-8.

distinct

turnpikes

erected.

and dSUnft

appointed,

*4 seventeenth and dgbUcnt!) years«/ George III.

A.D.

the earl of Upper Oflbry, lord viscount Carlow, lord viscount

1777-S. De Vefd, the right honourable Edmond Sexton Peiy, !he honourable John Davrfon, fir Robert Staples baronet, fir Kil-- dare Dixon Burrowes baronet, sir William Parsons baronet, sir John Parnell baronet, Chades Henry Coote esquire, John Lloyd esquire, Francis Mathew esquire, Henry Prittie esquire, Thomas Smyth esquire, Daniel Toler esquire, Peter Holmes esquire, John Prendergast esquire, John Tydd esquire, John Toler esquire, colonel Thomas Pigot, John Kilpatrick esquire, William Pole esquire, John Parnell esquire, general Hunt Wallh, reverend dean Coote, Robert Stnbber esquire, William Defpard esquire, Anthony Sharp esquire, reverend Frederick Trench, Robert Flood esquire, William Vaughan esquire, reverend Richard Warburton Carden, the reverend Robert Curtis, / Peter Dalton esquire, Francis Rolefton esquire, Luke Flood j esquire, Charles White of Raheen, esquire, Moses Pim esquire, Thomas Short esquire, Edward Flood esquire, Robert White esquire, James Hutchinson esquire, John Minchin esquire, Richard Croafikle esquire, Robert Palmer esquire, the reverend Sewell Stubber, James Pim esquire, George Defpard esquire, Thomas Pepper esquire, James Hutchinson of Knock, esquire, the reverend Francis Defpard, Robert Anthony Flood Sharp esquire, William Minchin esquire, John Andrews, esquire, Thomas Short esquire, Thomas Hutchinson esquire, James Rolefton, esquire, James Hutchinson junior esquire, Robert lord Jocelyn, John Thomas Waller esquire, Robert Waller esquire, reverend Richard Maunfeli, reverend William Waller, John Bloomfield esquire, Thomas Otway esquire, Cook Otway esquire, James Poe esquire, Arthur Blenerhalfett esquire, Rowland Bateman esquire, Edward Lcflie esquire, James Carigue Ponsonby tf-quire, James Stephens esquire, dean Pery, John Dovvdall Hammond, John Perey, George Perey, Samuel Harden, the reverend Cecil Westropp, Thomas Westropp, Dovvdall Pigott, John Pigott, Henry Baylee esquires, Robert Peppard, Maurice Huddert junior gentleman, fir Henry Hartftonge, baronet, Hugh Cane esquire, and Standish Grady of Cappercullen esquire, the right honoiirable fir Robert Tilfon Deane baronet, the honourable Hugh Maffey, the honourable John Mafic;, Mathew Cafian esquire, Robert Baldwin esquire, Jonathan Baldwin esquire, Henry Moon esquire, Richard Vicars esquire, Humphry Palmer esquire, Joseph Palmer esquire, Richaid Philips esquire, Joseph Calcutt, Benjamin Softlaw esquire,

John Benington esquire, William Walpofo esquire, John

Kcmmis

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 265

Kemmis esquire, John Murray Prior esquire, Henry Palmer A.D. esquire, Thomas Palmer esquire, Thomas Humphrys esquire, 1777-8. John White esquire, William Drought, Robert Drought, Chap. 40. Richard Steele e/qujre, Thomas Conway esquire, , Thomas Spunner esquire, and Robert Jackson esquire, shall be and are hereby nominated and appointed trustees of the said roads, and that they or any seven or more of them, or such person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall authorize any 7 may and appoint, shall and may erect or cause to be erected one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts of the said highways or roads, and on the fide of the said highways or roads across any road or Jane leading out of the said highways or roads within the Queen’s county,

King’s county, or county of Tipperary, and also a toll house or toll houses contiguous to such gate or gates, and there shall receive and take the tolls and duties following, before any horse, the toll, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, or other beast:, coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaise, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame (that is to lay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, cjiaife, or chair, drawn by fix horses, geldings, or mares, or other beasts of burr den, the sum of one shilling and Sixpence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaise, or chair drawn by four horses, geldings, or mares, or other beast of burden, the sum of on?

shilling; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaise, or chair, drawn by two hories, geldings or mares, or other beast of burthen, the sum of eight pence 5 for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels the sum of five shillings j for every wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels, drawn by two horses, geldings, mares, asses, or mules, the sum of four pence; for every wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels, drawn by three or more horses, mares, geldings, asses, or mules, the sum of two shillings and six pence; for every carriage commonly called a chair or chaise with one horse, mare, gelding, or other beast of burden, the sum of four pence; for every car, or other carriage, having but one horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, the sum of two pence, except cars or other carriages laden with turf, hay, and corn unthreshed only, and drawn by one horse, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, which are hereby exempted from any of the tolls charged by this act; for every horse, marc, gelding, mule, or afs, with any person riding thereon, the sum of three halfpence; for every horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, nor Vo 1. XI. Xxx having

2 65 Theseventsenth and eighteenth years oj GeorgelH.

A.D.

having any person riding thereon, the sum of one penny; for 1777-8. every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of onefhil-Chap. 40. ling and eight pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser number; for every drove of hogs, calves, sheep, goats, or latnbs, the sum of five pence by die score, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser number; which said respective sum and sums of money shall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or tolls, and the money thereby to be raised and collected is and shall be vested in the said trustees, and every part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, and in such manner, as is herein after mentioned and directed; and that the said trustees or any seven or more of them, shall be impowered by themselves or any person or persons by them, or any seven or more of them, under their hands and seals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any person or persons, who shall after demand thereof neglect or refuse to pay the same, by distress of any horse or horses, or other cattle or goods, upon which such toll or duty is by this act impaled, or upon any other of the goods and chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same, and may detain and keep the fame, until such toll or duty with the reasonable charges of such distraining or keeping shall be paid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons so distraining, after the space of five days from the time of taking such distress, tp fell the goods lo distrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after such toll or duty, and the reasonable charges for distraining and keeping the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

III. Provided always, that no such gate or turnpike shall be erected by virtue of this act at any place nearer to the said town of Maryborough, than the place where the gate erected in pursuance of the said former act lately flood near the inn at Boughlone.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that out of the first money arising from the profits of the several turnpikes so to be erected the said trustees, or any seven or more of

applied to «-1 jjenij shall pay and discharge the expence of erecting such turn-

pike or turnpikes, and building and repairing such toll house or toll houses, and buying or renting ground to erect or build the fame upon; and from and after such charges and expences Ilia® be fully satisfied and 'paid, that then and from thenceforth the whole of the profits arising from the tolls to be collected in put face

No gate nearer Maty-Umgh than the former.

Tolls, af< ter charges and falariea.

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 267

suance of this act, after deducting the salaries herein after men- A.D. fumed, shall be applied to put all the said road into effectual and 1777-8. Compleat repair, and from time to time to keep the fame in such Chap, 40. repair; and when the whole of the said road shall be effectually repaired as aforesaid, the surplus of the said tolls shall be dif- furp]uit0 tributed and paid to and amongst such persons, as shall appear creditors mc-upon the examination herein after directed to be bona fide creditors upon the said road, rateably and in proportion to their respective debts.

V. Provided always, that no part of the money arising from Not appii-the said tolls shall be applied to any other purpose, except to the

erecting such turnpike or turnpikes, and building and repairing *5 enter refo-such toll house or toll houses, and buying or renting ground to thcroad !> in erect the fame upon, paying the salaries herein after mentioned, and repairing of the said roads, until it shall have been proved of 3 signed upon oath to the satisfaction of the said trustees, or any fifteenand 1oiIec<1‘ or more of them, which oath the said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer, by the tef-timony of three credible witnesses at the least, which testimony shall be reduced into writing and signed by them respectively,

1 and lodged with the clerk, that the said road is in good and compleat order and condition, and until the said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, shall have resolved, that the said road is in good and compleat order and condition, and shall have ert-tered such resolution in their books, and signed the fame with their respective hands.

VI. Provided also, that as often as any part of the said road NopaTmeilt shall become out of repair, no part of the (hid tolls shall be paid to creditor, to the said creditors, until the same shall be effectually repaired,

and such repairs proved in the manner herein before mentioned. afor'c‘iJ-

VII. Provided also, that if any complaint shall be made to judge of any of the judges of assize for the Queen’s county, that any part of the said road lying in the King or Queen’s county is out order toll, to

of repair, or if any complaint shall be made to any of the judgestlie repiir-

of assize for the county of Tipperary, that any part of the said road lying in the county of Tipperary is out of repair, such judge,

to whom such complaint- shall be made, shall examine into the

matter of the said complaint upon oath in a summary way 3 and if

he shall find, that any part of the said road is out of repair, he shall by an order in writing direct the whole of the said tolls,

or so much as shall be necessary for the purpose, to he applied to

the putting the said road into such repair, as is herein before

mentioned.

a 68 The seventeenth and eighteenth year's vf George III.

A.D.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the 1777*8" said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, shall, before any Chap. 40. such distribution shall be made amongst the said creditors, da-mine into the genuiness and reality of the debentures, under distribution which the said creditors claim their respective debts j and if any

among credi* 1 j

tors shall exa- doubts shall anse thereon, or if any doubt shall arise, whether iftyofftehi' such debentures were really and bona fide given or made for good and valuable consideration, or if any other doubts shall arise concerning any debt, claimed by any person upon the said road, then the said commissioners, or any fifteen or more of them, shall proceed to examine upon oath touching the matters aforesaid such persons, against whom no legal objection shall lie, as shall be produced as well for as against the said creditors; and the testimony of the said persons shall be reduced into writing, and ligned by them respectively, and lodged with the clerk.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that after

And deter- fi^-fi examination shall be had as aforesaid, it shall and may he nine which ’ ‘

are mi and lawful to and for the said trustees, or any fifteen or more of For what fumi. tjjeni) to determine which of the persons, claiming to be creditors on the said road, are real creditors, and for what linns respectively j and such determination shall be entered in the books of the said trustees, and ligned by such of them as shall be present at the meeting, at which such determination shall be made.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the toTcturnf treasurer the tolls of the said road shall, on the first day of prate ac-; every assizes to be holden in and for the county of Tipperary, byUaffitoit to retum to the clerk of the crown a separate and particular account crown clerk jn writing concerning such part of the said road as lies within affiies,"7 the said county of Tipperary, ligned by him, and verified by an

affidavit at the foot thereof, sworn before one of the judges of assize, which oath laid judge of assize is hereby impowered to administer, specifying the sums received at each turnpike gate on such part of the said road as lies in the said county of Tipperary 5 or, if any such gate shall be leased or demised pursuant to the directions in this act, then specifying the sum by him received on account of the rent thereof, the sums paid by him on account of such parts of the said road, to whom paid, and for what, and when, and the balance (if any) remaining in his hands; and the said treasurer shall in like manner, on the first day of every assizes to be holden in and for the Queen’s county, return to the clerk of the crown a separate and particular account in writing, concerning such part of the said road as lies within the

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of Gfeol'ge ill. 2 69

the King or Queen’s cdilnty, signed by hini, and verified by an A.D. affidavit at the foot thereof sworn before one of the judges of 1777-8. assize, which oath laid judge of assize is hereby imponrered to Chap. 40. administer, specifying the sums received at each turnpike gate on such parts of the said road as lie in the said King and Queen’s county; or if any such gates shall be leased or demised, then specifying the sums received by him on account of the rent thereof, the flints paid by him on account of such part of the said road, to whom paid, and for what and when, the balance, (if any) remaining in his hands; and the clerk of the crown at each of the said assizes shall lay the said respective accounts before the grand jury at the said assizes respectively to be inspected by them, and filed, and shall afterwards file the fame in his office.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if such Qrincapa-treasurer shall neglect to return such accounts at the tifne herein bic, and fined mentioned for the purpose, he shall be incapable of holding or*01' exercising such office; and the judge presiding at such assizes,

where such default shall be made, shall allb fine him in the sum of fifty pounds, and in case of non payment thereof commit foncdT^" him to prison, until such fine shall be paid; and such fine shall be applied in the same manner and for the fame purpo'fes as the tolls of the said road.

XII. Provided always, that if such reasonable excuse upon oath Un)efs w. for such omission shall belaid before such judge of assize, and"fc0,th allowed by him, such treasurer shall not be subject to any disqualification or find.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any p t of the persons, taking the oaths or making the affidavits,herein for perjury, before mentioned, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury

in such oaths or affidavits, such person or persons shall on conviction thereof incur and suffer the like pains and penalties, to which any other person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is liable by the laws and statutes of this kingdom.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Pjyni,.nt Id sums of money, which shall b’e paid to and accepted by the said creditors in pursuance of this act, shall be deemed and taken, to be and shall be a full satisfaction for their said debts, or for so much thereof as the said creditors relatively shall agree to have discharged by such payment.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons whatsoever, owning, renting, or occu- Permitting pying any land near unto any turnpikes that shall be erected in a»^d toil pursuance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise, per-

4yo The seventeenth and eighteenth yew s of George III.

A.D.

mit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gat;, 1777-8. passage, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, Chap. 40. or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or riding of driving any horse, afs, mule, or any sort of cattle, to aroiJ the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and shall bj thereof convicted, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace for fh; county wherein such offence or offences shall be committed {which oath such trustees and justice or justices reflectively are hereby impowered to administer) every person or persons so permitting, and also the person and persons who shall pass through any ground to avoid paying said toll or duty, shall forfeit and pay to the trustees appointed for putting this act into execution the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and seal or under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such justice or justices, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner of such goods, the charges in taking and dif-poling of the said goods being iirft deducted, which penalty lldl be expended by the said trustees in the repair of the said road.

Tmftees further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

at meeting'to that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at their lirll riw'^lcrk*' meefin£i or any succeeding meeting, by writing under that and oversed-, hands and seals shall and may elect, nominate, and appoint on; fit person to be receiver or treasurer for the purpose of receiving the said tolls, and one other person to be cleric or register, anil and re- overseer or surveyor, for the purpose of writing and keeping the

lnovc’ minutes belonging to the said roads, and viewing the repairs anil

condition of the said roads, and shall and may from time to time remove such receiver or treasurer, clerk, register, and overseer, or either of them, as they shall see occasion, and appoint new ones in case of death, resignation, or such removal; and the bid andfalarisi. trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, out of the money arising by the said tolls or duties, pay or allow to the bid receiver or treasurer, clerk, register, or overseer, in consideration of his and their trouble in the execution of his and their office and offices such sum or sums, as to the said trustees or any seven or more of them shall seem good, so as such allowance or payment to such receiver or treasurer do not annually exceed ten pounds, and to such clerk, register, and overseer, do not annually exceed ten pounds.

The Seventeenth and eighteenth years of George (II. 271

XVII. Provided always, that the person or persons to be norai- A.D. nated to the said offices of treasurer or receiver, and clerk, of 1777-8. register and overseer, or either of them, shall not act in such Chap. 40. office or offices, until they and each of them respectively shall o, i,orl(j first enter into security by bond and warrant with two sufficient

persons as securities in the sunt or penalty of five hundred pounds, payable to the trustees of the said road, conditioned that such officer or officers respectively shall truly and faithfully account for and pay all such sum and sums of money, as they shall respectively from time to time receive out of or for the tolls and duties made payable by virtue of this act, to the trustees of the said roads, when and as often as they shall be respectively thereunto required, and for the faithful execution and discharge of the said respective offices 3 and e"ery such bond and warrant, as (bon as the same shall be executed, shall be lodged in the hands of the principal creditor of the said roads, who shall be present at the meeting of the said trustees, at which such bond and warrant shall be executed; and if no creditor be present at such meeting, that then the said bond and warrant, or bonds and warrants, shall be lodged in the hands of the chairman of the board or meeting, at which such bonds shall be perfected.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons, nifed, paying as the said trustees or any seven or more of them shall appoint daTOs'

or employ to repair the said roads, or any part thereof, or for any person or persons with whom the said trustees shall contract for the repair of the said roads or any part thereof, to dig, raise, and gather any gravel, sand, stones, or other materials, in the grounds of any person or persons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to an house, where any such materials arc or may be found, and from time to time to carry away such and so much thereof, as shall be wanting for repairing the said roads, or any part thereof, paying such rates for such materials, and for the damage which shall be done, to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the same shall be raised, and carried away, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any difference between such owner or occupier and the said trustees touching the value of the materials or damage aforesaid, that then such damage shall be afleiled by two substantial house holders of the county, in which such ground doth lie, one to be named by each of the said parties, who shall be fivorn by any justice of the peace of such county to make a true estimate of

such

272 The sevenieenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

such damages to the heft of their fkiU and knowledge, (which 1777.8. oath fitch justice of the peace is hereby impowered ami required Chap. 40, to administer) and that if any person or persons shall obstruct or ' prevent the digging for, raisilig, or carrying away such materials,

obstrufiingi such person or persons upon convictiort before any one justice of the peace of the county, where such offence shall have been committed, (which oath the said justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) shall for every such offence forfeit and pay to the trustees appointed for putting this act in execution a sum hot exceeding five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner of such goods, the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being first deducted, which penalty shall be expended by the said trustees in the repair of the said road.

w XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, once > day that no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any of the tolls *’* herein before mentioned more than once in the fame day within either of the divisions of the said road, but that every person, Wing paid the toll or duty hereby imposed at any one of the gates erected or to be erected on that division of the said road between the said town, of Maryborough in the Queen’s county and the said town of Borris in Offory in the same county, on producing a note or ticket thereof, (which the receiver or receivers of the said tolls is or are hereby required to give without fee or reward) shall be permitted to pass free through all the several gates bn the said division at any time during the day, on which he shall have paid the said toll as aforesaid, such day to be com- puted from twelve o’clock each night to twelve o’clock on the succeeding riight, and so in like manner having once paid the said toll at any one of the gates on the said other division of the said road between the said town of Borris in Offory in the Queen’s county and the said town of Tomivarah in the county of Tipperary, shall on producing such ticket or note thereof be admitted at any time dilring the fame day, to be computed as aforesaid, on which he shall have paid the said toll as aforesaid, to pass through all the other gates on the said last mentioned division of the said road; but it is the true intention and meaning of this act, that every person shall pay twice on the fame day, in case he shall travel over more of the said road, than is contained in one division of the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any

{even

The sevenlcenth and eighteenth years of George III. 275

seven or more of them, by any agreement or agreements, lease A.D. orleafes, demise ci; demises in writing, to be executed by the 1777-8. laid trustees, or any seven or more of them, tinder their hands ^hap^o. and seals, to demise or lease, set, or let, all or any part of the tolls ' 7 m'ay by J and duties by this act made payable by publick and open cant £'fftocuasnt to the best and faired bidder for any term or time not exceeding »years, nvo years, to commence 011 the first day of May or first day of November, which shall first happen after such demise or lease, thirty days previous notice being first given of the said trustees on 30 days intentions to execute, grant, or enter into such lease or demise, noUCC' and of the time and place appointed for doing thereof, which notice shall be subscribed by the clerk or register of the said trustees for the time being, and publickly polled at the several gates for the time being on such road; and all and every the rent or yearly income of the said tolls shall be paid and applied in the same manner, as the tolls hereby made payable or directed are appointed to be applied: and that all leases and agreements to be made or entered into by the said trustees without such previous notice, or for any longer term than the said term of two years, to commence as aforesaid, or otherwise than by publick and open cant to the bell and highest bidder as aforesaid, shall be to all intents and purposes void, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any raa for «-ftven or more of them, from time to time during the continu-ance of this act to contrail or agree by the year or otherwise with any person or persons, who at a publick and open cant to be held by the said trustees for that purpose shall undertake to repair the said road, or any part thereof, on the terms moll ad- «> <say» vantageous to the said road, twenty days previous notice being I'ouc':, first given of the said trustees intentions to enter into such contract or agreement, and of the time and place appointed for the doing thereof, which notice shall be publickly polled at the several gates for the time being on the said road j and that all contrails and agreements for repairing the said road, to be made or entered into by the said trustees otherwise than by publick cant, or without such notice as aforesaid, shall be to all intents and purposes void, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, FonnertoB that all and every sum and sums of money, which remained due due under to the late trustees of the said ,ro,ad fojr pr upon gccopnt of the ^cdbfoia'

Vo 1. XI. Zaz tolls uuftec,

applied to Creditor* tateably.

Giving or receiving ticket to avoid toll) ioa.

274 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

tolls and duties, which were payable by virtue of the said recital 1777-8. act of the ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty king Chap. 40. George the second, at the expiration thereof, by or from the gate keepers, toll farmers, or other person or persons who received the fame, be vested in the trustees appointed in and by this act, to be by them recovered and received from such persons respectively, their executors, administrators and sureties; and that liich sum and sums of money, as shall be lb recovered or received, after deducting thereout the expences winch shall attend firing for the fame or the recovery thereof, shall be paid and applied by the trustees appointed in and by this act, or any seven or more of them, to and amongst the several creditors of the said road heron before mentioned, their executors, administrators or assigns, rateably and in proportion to their said respectise debts.

XXIII. And for the preventing frauds and abuses in the said toll or duty be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons, having paid the toll or duty by this act granted and made payable, and having such note or ticket, notes or tickets, as are hereby required, shall give or dispose of the lame to any other person or persons in order to avoid the payment of the said toll or duty, every such person, giving, dif-poling, or offering, and the person receiving, such note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the said truta or any seven or more of them, or before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence or offences shall be committed (which oath the said trustees or fee said justice or justices are hereby empowered to administer) shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of ten shillings, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of, as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, ami disposed of by this act.

XXIV. Provided always, that no person shall be charged with any of the tolls or duties aforesaid, who shall pass through of the turnpikes to be erected as aforesaid, who shall carry any quantity of stores *, gravel, or other materials for repairing said road, or any of the roads in the parishes in which the 1’anK do lie, or in any of the neighbouring parishes; nor shall any person or persons be chargeable with the said toll or duty for any carts, cars, or waggons loaded with com in the straw only, »' for any plows, harrows, or other implements of husbandty, order to the using or repairing of the fame in the several

1 rilb

Exempt from toll.

The Seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 275

riflies in which the said highways hereby intended to be repaired A.D. do lie; nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any 1777-8. of the turnpikes to be erected for any horse, mare, gelding, Chap. 40. afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, or for any poll:, horse carrying the mail or packet, or for such horse as is or shall be used only to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage; provided such horse pass through the said turnpike or turnpikes with such waggon, cart, or carriage; nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horles of soldiers passing, that are upon their march, or for any waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending them, or for horses, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants lent by passes or with prisoners transmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Continued that the tolls or duties hereby granted shall take place, and have continuance, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight for and during the term of twenty one years.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid, that for the continuing a sufficient number of fit persons to be on vacancy, trustees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this

aft contained for and during the continuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, upon the death or resignation of any of the said trustees named in this act, or of any trustee hereafter to be elected, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the term aforesaid, to elect, nominate, and appoint in the room of such trustee or trustees so deceased or resigning another fit person or so Jjvi'ns >» many more fit persons living in the said Queen's county, King’s °u ' county, or county of Tipperary, to be joined with the said truf-tecs in the execution of all and every the power and powers in them reposed by virtue of this act; and all and every person and persons, so to be chosen trustee or trustees to join in putting this act into execution, as they are herein before qualified to do, shall and may be impowered to act to all intents and purposes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the said trustees are by this act impowered to do, and so from time to time as often as occasion shall require.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall meet at Maryborough in the Queen's county on the eighth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and the

Clerk to appoint meet* ing, if not a number

trustees to defray charges,

20 days notice pufled,

acts entered on the day.

subscribed by 7.

The sevenfeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

the said trustees fllall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there or at- any other place or places near the said highway or road to be repaired, as the said traftees, or any seven or mote of therti shall think proper and convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this act in execution; and if it shall happen, that there shall riot appear at any meeting, which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said trustees, a sufficient number of trustees to act at such meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, that then and in such case the clerk of the said trustees by notice in writing, to be affixed at the respective gates or turnpikes at least twenty days before the next meeting, shall appoint the said trustees to meet at the house, where the meeting of the said trustees was last appointed to be held, or at some other convenient house near the said road, on some certain day to be mentioned in such notice; and if a sufficient number of trustees do not attend on the day so appointed by the said clerk, he shall appoint another day, and lb on until a sufficient number shall attend; and that the said traftees at their first meeting and at all subsequent meetings shall defray their own charges and expences.

XXVIII. And Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that before any assembly of such trustees (halt at any time after their first meeting be held to do any act or acts, or to make any order or orders, in pursuance of the powers vested in the said trustees, twenty days previous notice, signed by the clerk or rc-gtfter of the said traftees, of the occasion, time, and place of meeting, shall be publickly polled at every gate on the said road; and-that all acts, orders, and proceedings to be done, made, or had by the said traftees in pursuance of the powers in them veiled, shall on the day, whereon such acts, orders, or proceeding shall be done, made, or had, be fairly wrote in a book by such clerk or register and subscribed on the fame day by (even of the said trustees at lead, who shall assent to such order, act, or pfoc&dings, which said book shall remain in the custody of such clbrk or register, to be inspected by any creditor or other interested person at all seasonable times without fee or reward; and that all acts, orders, and proceedings to be done, made, or had, without such previous notice to be polled as aforesaid, and which shall not be fairly wrote in a book, and subscribed by at least (even of the said trustees making or aflbnting to such act, order, or procedings at the time aforesaid, shall be to all intents and purposes void; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

T/seseventeenth-and eighteenth Years of George III. 277

XXIX. Provided always, That if any person or persons, ap- A.D. pointed or to be appointed by this act a trustee or trustees for 1777-8. putting this, aft in execution, shall have or accept of any place

of profit arising out of or by reason of the toll or duty by this n, place aft laid or granted, such person and persons shall be incapable tn from the time of accepting such place of profit of acting as a trustee or trustees, during such time as he shall continue to enjoy such place.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- tq (,uvt. rity aforesaid, That no person, hereafter to be appointed or

elected a trustee in pursuance of this act, shall be capable of acting as a trustee in the execution of this act, unless such person shall be seized and in the actual possession of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being freehold, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, or who shall not have a personal estate of the clear value of one thousand pounds; and the person so

elected, before he shall be admitted to act as a trustee, shall personal, swear, that his estate is of the said value before seven trustees assembled at a board, which oath the said trustees, or seven of * h them, are hereby authorized and impowered to administer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the trustees nominated and appointed in and by this act, Ple3|huff

1 . , common fen!,

and hereafter to be nominated and appointed in pursuance ot &c. this act, and their successors, shall be persons capable in law to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, answer and be an-fivered unto, in all courts of Jaw and equity by the name of the trustees appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities mentioned in this act, and shall make and tile a common seal for the purposes aforesaid, and also shall be capable in law by such name to take securifies for any sum or sums of money due or to be due to them as trustees as aforesaid; and for performance of any agreement to be entered into with them, and for the due execution of tiny power or authority to be committal to any person or persons concerning the said road, or the tolls or duties thereof, and also to enter into and execute all such contrafts and agreements, as shall be necessary for or relate to the execution of the said trust.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That service of the clerk or register of the said trustees for the

0 J*cniCco;i

time being with any fubpama, order, decree, or process of any cleikpomi. court of law or equity shall be good service of the said trustees with such fubprena, order, decree, or process.

Vol. XI. 4 A 1

278 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidi 1777'^- That if any suit shall be commenced against any person or persons Actions laid for any thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every such infod couu- caj-g t],e aiction shall be laid-in the Queen’s county, King’s county, defendants or county of Tipperary, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants In such action or actions to be brought may plead &c- the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any

trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if such. action or actions shall be brought in any other county, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such 'verdict, ior if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or.if on any demurrer-judgment shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall -treble coOs. and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law. '

A.publick

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a.publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAT. XLI.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succejors, certain Duties therein contained, and for the further Advancement of the Trade of this Kingdom.

WHERE AS-it is deemed reasonable and for the advancement of trade, that all goods and merchandize, the manufacture of this kingdom, to be exported directly from this kingdom to the British plantations in America, or to the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belongingto Great Britain on the coast of Africa, should Hand chargeable with, and pay unto his Majesty, his heirs ami foe-ceifors, duties and taxes to as great an amount, as goods and merchandize of the fame denomination and quality exported from Great Britain to such places now (land chargeable with, whether the said charges be on the importation of the materials, of which the said goods and-merchandize are made, or by duties on the exportation of the fame, or by inland excise, not drawn back or compensated for by bounties: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majest, by and with the advice and consentof the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority,of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of An-gull, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and until the twenty fifth day ol December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, granted, collcfled, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the exportation of the several articles following from this kingdom to any of the places aforesaid, during the time aforesaid, the several rates, duties, and impositions herein after mentioned, that is to say; for every ton of

bat

act.

Exflrid

>Dcc. J7?p.

Theseventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 279

bar iron the sum of two pounds ten shillings sterling, and so in proportion for A.D. any greater or Iefler quantity: and for every ton of split, rolled, plated, or 1777*8. tinned iron, and for every ton of manufactured iron wares, the sum of three Chap. 41. pounds three (hillings-and eleven pence; andfo in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity; for and upon every hundred weight of hides, calve skins, and kips skins, tanned or tawed, and not dressed in oil, and of (licep skins, tanned for glovers, or bazil, the sum of six shillings one penny and two thirds; and for and upon every hundred weight of hides dressed in oil the sum of one pound one (lulling and three, pence two thirds; and for and upon every hundred weight of sheep skins, tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the sum of five* shillings and three pence halfpenny; and for and upon every hundred weight of sheep skins, tanned for roans, and not dressed in oil, the sum of seven shillings and nine pence ten twelfths $ and for and - upon every hundred weight of (beep skins, dressed in oil, the sum of eleven shillings and two pence four twelfths; and for and upon every hundred weight of calves skins, dressed in oil, the sum of one pound eight '(hillings and one half* peony; and for and upon every dozen of vellum 'the Aim of three shillings and three pence; and for and upon every dozen of parchment the-sum of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny; and for and upon all kid's hair a duty after the rate of one shilling for every twenty shillings value thereof, as the same shall be valued on the oath of the exporter, and (b in.proportion for any greater or lesser -quantities which shall: be -exported as aforesaid ;- the said several duties *to be in lieu and full fattsfaction of’all duties and custom now -payable to his Majesty upon the exportation of the said several articles respectively*; also for and upon every hundred weight of soap an additional duty; of one shilling and six pence; and for and upon every ton of lapis colammaris, the produce of this kingdom, an additional duty of two'(hilling and two -pence; for and upon all lamb skins an additional duty after the rate of one (lulling and ten pence halfpenny for every hundred and twenty skins; and -for and upon every hundred weight of Jamb skins, tawed and not tanned or dressed -in oil, a further additional duty of -four shillings and two pence-halfpenny; and for and upon every hundred weight of lamb skins, tanned for glovers, or«bazil, 'a further additional duty of’five'(hillings and two thirds of a penny; and for every hundred weight of iamb skins dressed-in oil, a further'additional duty of ten shillings and one penny and one third of a penny; and for and upon all goat skins tawed an additional duty after the rate of eleven shillings and -eight pence for every one hundred and twenty‘fletns; and for and upon every pound weight of goat skins tanned with fumade to resemble Spanish leather an additional duty of four.pence and four twelfths of a penny.; and for and upon all pelts an additional duty after the-rate of two shillings and nine pence four twelfths for every hundred pelts; and for and upon all pteccs-or parts of skins tawed or tanned, and not dressed in oil, a duty after the rate of two shillings for every twenty shillings value thereof; and for and’upon all pieces or parts of skins, dressed In oil, a duty after the rate of one shilling value thereof; and for and upon every hundred weight of pieces or parts of Iklns dressed in oil a further duty of fix shillings and two pence two thirds; and for and upon every pound weight of grey rabbit fur or coney hair, an additional duty of one penny and nine twentieths; and for and upon all black coney skins with or without diver hair an additional duty after the rate of one (hiding and six pence eight twentieths for every hundred and twenty skins.

II. And for the better avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the fevc- . jal Lind-of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, chargeable by this be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by tanned hides or skins, or by tanned pieces of hides or skins, arc meant only such, as are tanned in woofe, made of the bark of trees or fumack, or whereof the principal ingredients shall 4 A 2 be

280 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

be such bark or fumack; and that by hides and skins dreffcdm oil, or pieces of hides

1777-8. and skins drelTed in oil, are meant such, as are made into leather in oil, or with any Chap. 4.1. liquor or materials whereof the chiefest ingredients shall be oil} and that by tawed Hides or skins, or by tawed pieces of hides or skins, are meant such, as are dressed of made into leather in allum and salt or meal,or other ingredients properly ufcdbytbc tawers of white leather.

III. And whereas the duties payable.upon the exportation of iron, iron ware, hides, calves skins, kip skins, sheep skins, vellum, parchment, and kids hair, in lieu whereof the duties herein before mentioned are imposediby.this act, do now conditute a part of his Majesty's hereditary revenue: be it etiaded by the authority aforesaid, Thu so much of the produce of the several rates, duties, and impositions, to be raised, levied, granted, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of this act upon the said lad mentioned articles, as the duties now payable thereon would have amounted to, in case they had continued to be levied upon the exportation of said articles, shall be placed to:the account of his Majesty's hereditary revenue j and that a separate and didinft account be kept by the proper officers of such amount upon all and every the aforesaid articles, which shall be.so exported.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the term aforesaid, at the same time, in the manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as ate appointed, directed, and expressed for the railing, answering, collecting, and paying of the duties in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Cliarles the second, entitled, an act for settling of the excise or now imfoji tison his Majesty, his heirs and fie-eejfors, according to the look of rates therein inserted, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted again in the body of this present act, with like remedy-of appeal to and for the party grieved, as in.and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise, is provided.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaller or receiver general of this kingdom, -upon issuing or payhient of any sum or sums, which shall or may arise out of the aids herein before particularly mentioned, shall be received by the said vice treasurer nr vice treasurers, receiver or paymaller general, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as a further additional.aid hereby given and granted for the further Support of his Majesty's government.

3

CHAP-

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. CHAP. XLII.

An Act for the Advancement of the Trade of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS it is deemed reasonable and for the advancement of trade and encouragement of manufacture, that all goods and merchandize, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, which may by law be exported directly from this kingdom to any of the British plantations in America or the "West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, should (land chargeable with and pay duties to the fame amount, and no more, and be exported thither upon the fame terms in respect of duties, as goods ami merchandize of the fame denomination and quality, the product or manufacture of Great Britain, exported thence to any of the said places, are now subject to or (land chargeable with, except as is herein after excepted: and whereas no subsidy or duty is now payable in Great Britain on any goods or merchandize, the product or manufacture of Great Britain, upon their being exported thence to any of the said places, except upon alluni, lend, lead ore, tin, leather tanned, copperas, coals, wool cards, white woollen cloths, lapis cataminarisy skins of all forts, glew, coney hair or wool, hare's wool, hair of all forts, koTfes, and litharge of lead: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with die advice and consent of the lords fpimual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, ami until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand ftvtn hundred and seventy nine inclusive, the fcreral and respective customs, subsidies, and all other duties whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his heirs ami successors, by any law now in force upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, shall ccafe, determine, ami be no longer due or payable for so much of the said goods and merchandizes, as shall during said time be exported directly from this kingdom to any of the Britishi -plantations in America or the West Indies, or any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the toall of Africa, except the several goods and merchandizes of the fame denomination and quality as those herein before mentioned, whereon the subsidy, or duty payable in Great Britain upon their export thence to any of the said places, is Util payable, that is to say, allum, lead, lead ore, tin, leather tanned, copperas, coals, wool cards, white woollen cloths, lapis cahmmirisy skins of all forts, glcw, coney hair or wool, hare’s wool, hair of all forts, horses, and litharge of lead, and also except amber grenfe, ailies, bacon, beef, bones not manufactured, candlci, butter, live cattle of all forts, cheese, dye ftu(K of all forts, furs of all kinds, greaves, grease, guts, hog’s lard, hoops, hops, horns, or tips of horns not manufactured, kelp, linen rags and shreds, linen yarn, okcr, oars of all forts, pork, provisions of all forts, except fish, corn, meal, malr, flour and grain of all forts, when the prices thereof exceed those, on or below which a bounty is payable on export by any law or laws now in force in this kingdom, rape cakes, flireds or points of leather, soap, foaper's waste, (laves, tallow, tongues, tin unwroughr, weld, wax, and woad.

H. And be it enactul by the nutlunity nforefnid, That it shall and nuy be lawful for any person or persons during the time aforesaid to export out of any port in this kingdom to any of the said places all such goods and merchandize, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, as may now be lawfully exported thereto, without paying any subsidy or other duty whatsoever, other than for the goods or merchandize herein before particularly enumerated and excepted } so as due entry be first made thereof at the custom-house of the port, where the same shall be exported, in the same manner, and expressing the quantities and qualities of the respective goods, as was used and practised in respect of any goods exported before the nuking of this act } and so as the fame be shipped by the proper officer for that Vol. XI. 4 B purpose

281

A.D.

1777-8.

282

The seventeenth and Eighteenth Yean of George III.

A.D.

purposej and so as the exporter do first make oath before the customer, comptroller,

1777-8. or c°lle^or of fool' Port (which oath he is hereby impowered and required to ad-£hap. 42. min‘^er) t^at said goods are of Irish manufacture or product, and do also give fulEcient security by bond in a penalty of the value of the goods to such collector, comptroller, or customer (which security any such officer is hereby impowered to rtake in the name and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors) conditioned that the said goods shall be landed in one of the Briliffi plantations in America or the West Indies, or one of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coall of Africa, danger of the Teas and capture by an enemy only excepted; and upon certificate being brought to such officer within eighteen months under the hand of the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs at the port where the same shall be landed in the British plantations in America, or the West Indies, or in any settlement’belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, or under the hands and seals of two known merchants then being at such port, or of the governor or person presiding at such settletnent, importing that such goods or merchandizes were there landed, and tdlifying the landing thereof, or upon proof upon oath, (to be admiuifteretl as aforesaid) by one credible witness, that such goods were there landed, or perished at sea, or were taken by the enemy, (the examination and proof thereof being left to the collector or other officer,) the said bond shall be delivered to the exporter, or his or her order, to be cancelled without fee or reward , andoa failure of any of the said requires the said goods shall be liable to the payment of said duties, as if this act had not been made.

III. And whereas several allowances are given in Great Britain upon the exportation thence to any of the said places of British manufactures, particularly theft made of silk, or silk mixed, in the nature of a drawback of or compensationforthe high duties payable there on the importation of raw and thrown silk: and whereas high duties aic likewise payable in this kingdom upon the importation of raw and thrown silk, and it seems just and reasonable, that allowances of the fame nature shoukl be likewise given upon the exportation from hence to any of the said placesot any manufacture made in this kingdom of silk, or silk mixed with any other material than wool or cotton, bearing such proportion to the allowances given in Great Iki-tain upon the like articles as the duties upon the importation of raw and thrown silk here bear to the duties payablciit Great Britain upon the importation of raw and thrown silk there: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several and respective allowances or sums of money hereafter in this act expressed shall be paid to any peWon or persons, who at any time or times between the said twenty fourth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and the twenty fifth day of December, one tlioufuul seven hundred and seventy nine, shall really and truly export'out of this kingdom to any of the places aforesaid by way of merchandize any of the goods or commodities of the manufacture of this kingdom herein after particularly speci* lied, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, (that is to say) for all ribbands and (lulls made in Ireland of silk only, exported as aforesaid, the fumofone stuffing and seven pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all filksand ribbands made in Ireland of silk mixed with gold orsilver, and exported as aforesaid, the sum of two shillings and three half pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; lor all silk stockings, silk gloves, silk fringes, silk laces, ditching or lewing fiJk, nude in Ireland, and exported us aforesaid, the sum of eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all ftufls made in Ireland of silk mixed with any other material than wool or cotton, and exported as aforesaid, the sum of six pence firthingfor every pound weight avoirdupois; for all wrought or manufactured gold or silver -plate made in Ireland, and exported as aforesaid, the sum of six pence for every ounce troy weight: which several and respective allowances or sums of money for each species of silk mnnufnfture, or manufacture of silk mixed and wrought, or manufactured gold or silver thread, shall be paid and answered by the collector or oifi-cer of the port, from whence the same shall be exported, upon demand without taking fee or reward for the fame, 0:1 oath being made by the exporter before such collector or other officer of the port, (which oath he is hereby impowered and w-

1 quireJ

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 283

quired to administer) that the said goods areof Mfli manufnclure, and exported or intended to be exported to some of the Bririffi plantations in America, or the West Indies, or into some of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in any part of Ireland, and on the exporter likewise giving sufficient security to the said collector or other officer of the port, (which security any such officer is hereby impowered to take in the name and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors) by bond in a penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned that the said goods shall not be relanded or brought -on shore again, but shall be landed in some of the British plantations in America, or the West Indies, or on the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the eoatl of Africa, danger of the Teas and capture by an enemy only excepted, and upon a like certificate, as is herein before mentioned, being delivered to the collector, or upon such proof being made before the collector or other officer as is herein before provided, every such bond shall be delivered to the exporter, or his or her order, to be cancelled without fee or reward.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective allowances upon silk manufacture and manufacture of silk mixed, shall and may be paid by the colie£tor or other officer of the port out of any monies in iiis hands at the time, anting out of any of the customs, excise, or additional du. tics granted to his Majesty, and not appropriated; and the money so paid shall be accepted of in his account as so much paid to his Majesty, and he is and shall

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 42,

be difelnrgeil thereof accordingly; and the said allowance upon wrought or manufactured gold or silver plate shall and may be paid by the collector or other officer out of the monies nrifing from .- the duties granted to his Majesty for the use of the corporation for promoting and carrying on the inland navigation of Ireland, and shall be accounted for and charged ns paid for and on account of the said corporation

V. And for the better preventing frauds on the entering any of said goods under a wrong denomination to the prejudice of the revenue, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Tint it shall and may be lawful to and for any searcheror other proper officer of the customs after the entry of any of the said goods, and before or after the Hupping thereof to open and ilridtly examine every bale,

truss, chest, or other package, to fee if the goods are right entered; and if ,v

on such examination the goods shall be found to be right entered, the officer shall at his charge cause the -fame to be repacked to the satisfaction of the exporter; which charge shall be allowed to the said officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they Audi think it reasonable; but in case the said officer shall find the f.iid goods, or any part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination, or otherwise wrongfully entered, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such gouds, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so wrong entered' shall and may be seized, and the fame, as likewise the value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be proleeuecd, sued for, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways am! means, as are prescribed and appointed , for the recovery of penalties in and by an atfc passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles die ft-coml, entitled. An nil for thefettling of the excise or r.:io hnpoji upon hU his heirs

and [uccetjors, according do the hook of rates therein mfertai% or by any other act or acts now in force in this kingdom.

VI. Provided always, That the said allowances flinl! not be demanded or made for any of the said manufactures of (ilk mixed with gold and silver, where they are only so mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces; nor for any of the said manufactures of silk mixed with other materials, unless two thirds at lead' of the ends or threads of the warp, (by which is meant the length of the piece) be cither all silk, or mixed or twisted with silk in the warp, so a6 that such silk shall be obvious and apparent to the view of the officer of the customs, or unless the silk therein used shall be double the value at lead of the allowance intended to be obtained upon the exportation thereof; and if any dispute shall arid concerning any of the said mamifac-

4 B 2

tures,

284 The feveriteenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

tures, that isto say, whether the fame was made in Ireland, or touching the quality

1777-8* of t^)C goods,the 0,"s P^bandi shall lie on the exporter, claimcr, or owner thereof,

Chip. 42. and n°l on the officer.

VII. And further to prevent frauds be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the said ffiiffs or manufactures shipped to be exported, and for which an allowance is hereby made and shall have been paid, shall be‘re-landed ot unfldpped in any part of Ireland, unless it be in case of distress to save the goods from periflnng, in which case they shall be rdhipped, or the allowance repaid, the said goods, over and above the penalty of the bond, and also of treble the value of the said goods, shall be forfeited, and they together with the said penalties shall or may be sued for, recovered, and applied in manner herein before mentioned for the recovery of the forfeiture aforementioned.

VIII. And whereas it is just and reasonable, that federal goods and merchandizes of the product or manufacture of Great Britain, and also the several foreign certificate goods which may be legally imported thence, (liould upon exportation hence draw back the whole of the duties paid upon their importation: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods or commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which have been or shall be legally imported thence, (wool and woollen manufacture in all its branches andgiafs excepted) or if any foreign certificate goods, which have been or shall be legally imported from. Great Britain into this kingdom, shall, after payment of the duties charged and payable upon the importation thereof, be again exported to any of the Britishi plantations in America, or the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, by any merchant or merchants who is or are a subject or subjects of this realm, or any other pattof his Majesty's dominions, within twenty four calendar months, or by any merchant stranger within twelve ca-

’ lemlar months, after the importation thereof, and if due proof be made by certificate

from the proper officer of the due entry and payment of the said duties, and that all other requisites have been performed, which are by law required in those cases, where the moiety of the subsidy inwards isto be repaid by virtue of an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An act 'for fritting the fubfrdy of poundage^ and granting a subsidy of tonnage^ and ether fttms of money unto his royal Majesty, his heirs and fticeejfrrs, the same to be paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to a book of rates hereunto annexed; and where the duties of import excite are to be repaid by virtue of the said act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excifr or nsvs impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs or successors, according to the boot of rates therein infrrted; that then the whole of the subsidy inwards, and the whole of the duties of import excise, and all other duties paid upon the importation thereof, shall without delay or reward be repaid and allowed to such merchant or merchants, so exporting the same to any of the said places during the time aforesaid within one month after demand thereof; and if any dispute shall arise concerning any of the said goods or merchandize, whether they be of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, the onus probandi shall be on the exporter or person claiming the drawback.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officer or officers shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several drawbacks and allowances given by this act, and also of the several duties that would have been payable on the exportation of such articles, in case the several duties now payable thereon, and which are hereby enacted to cease and determine, had continued, in order that compensation may be made to his Majesty's hereditary revenue fur any iofs, it may fuftnin by means of the drawbacks proposed to be given, or allowances to be made, or duties to be taken oft* by this act, upon any exports from tins kingdom to the British plantations in America or the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa,

CHAP*

Yhe.seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for improving the Police of the City of Dublin.

285

A.D.

1777-8.

WHEREAS the provisions hitherto made have proved infulhcient for anti 14

' inadequate to the protection and safety of the persons,habitations, and pro- 3"c'14' petty of the inhabitants of the city of Dublin and the suburbs thereof, again! robbers, thieves, rioters, and other disturbers of the peace, and therefore some further regulations are necessary in that behalf: for remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, each and every of the panflies within the said city and suburbs shall for the purposes of this act only, and no other, be coulideredas and shall be a dirtinfl ward; and the lord mayor and board of aldermen of said city shall from time to time nominate and appoint some one of the aldermen of the said city to be alderman of the said ward, and as such to have the special superintendance and care of and to be the prelident or guardian of the police of each of the said respective wards, during the pleasure of the said lord mayor and board of aldermen, without any diminution or infringement however of their or any of their general power, authority, and jurisdiction over the rest of the said city j and every such alderman, prelident, or guardian of the police in each respective ward, shall have full power and authority to nominate and appoint some one person of the common council of the said city, and a resident in and inhabitant of the said respective ward, to be and aft in the said ward as assistant or deputy to the said prelident during the pleasure of such prelident; and such deputy so appointed shall In the absence of his said principal have all and every of the minilterial powers, privileges, and authorities of his said principal within the bounds of each respective ward, for which lie shall be so appointed deputy.

II. Provided always, That no person shall be capable of being or acting as such deputy, until he be full approved of as such by the lord mayor and board of aldermen, or the majority of the said board, and until such deputy shall previonfly male oath before the lord mayor for the time being, that he the said deputy is then Vol. XI. 4 C possessed

:aS6 iThessevenleenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

A.D.

pofltfftfd of and entitled unto a real or personal eihte of the value of eight hundred 1777^8. pounds, over and above what may be ftifiicient to fotisfy and discharge all ids just debts-

III. And provided also, That no person shall be capable of being or a£Ung as such deputy any longer, than whilst lie remains one of the common council of the said city, and a resident in and inhabitant of the faits respective ward, for which he shall be so appointed deputy.

'IV, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of each and every of the said wards Hull yearly and every year at a vestry, to be appointed and held for that purpose, choose a certain number of the inhabitants of the said ward paying scot and lot, not less than fix nor more in number than tweJre, to be the repxefentatives of the said ward, in a wardmote court, and which wardmote court the said alderman-or his deputy, and the said inhabitants so chosen, shall have power to hold for the year then next ensuing; and the said president or his deputy shall and may from time to time, as occasion may require, furnmon and call together the said representatives -of the said ward to hold a wardmote court or.assembly, in which the said president or his deputy shall be chairman, and in all cases of equality of voices amongst the other members shall have a calling voice; and said

wardmote court shall have power from time to time to make and establish such reasonable rules, orders, and regulations, with respect to the police of the said ward, and the preservation of the peace therein, as to them or the majority of them shall seem fit, and from time to time to alter, amend, or repeal the fame $ and the said wardmote court shall have power to choose and appoint from time to time such a number of persons, as they shall judge requisite, to act as constables or inferior peace officers in said respective ward, and also to-choose and appoint such a number of persons, as they shall judge requisite, from time to time to be watchmen, guards, or patroles of the said respective.wards from fun set to fun rife, and to have the fame properly cloathed and armed in a manner suitable to the occasion, and to make such rules, orders, and directions, as they shall from time to time think requisite, for the better and more effectual preservation of the peace in said ward, and from time to time to remove any of their said constables, peace officers, watchmen, guards, or patroles, and appoint others in their room, at their will and pleasure: and the said president, his deputy and the said constables, inferior peace officers, watchmen, guards,

and

The sevenleenfh and -eighteenth Years of George III. 287

and patrolcs, and each of them, shall have full power and authority to seize, arrest, A.D.

and detain all robbers, thieves, rioters, drunken and disorderly persons, and other 1777-8.

offenders again if the peace, whom they shall find within the bounds of their re- 4.3*

speclive wards, or shall pursue from thence into any other ward, and to carry the fame before the president or the said ward or his deputy, or before any other ma* gistrate of the said city, to be dealt with according to law j and for that purpose to enter into and learch for and seize such person or persons, or those whom they shall reasonably fufpccfc so to be, in all or any house or houses within their respective wards, where ale, beer, porter, or spirttuous liquors of any kind shall be sold by retail, and which shall be kept open for the reception or entertainment of fuel), as resort thereto, from the hour of ten o’clock at night to the hour of fix o’clock in die next morning, whether the said house be licensed or unlicensed.

V. And whereas the number of unlicensed and disorderly houses felling ale, beer, strong and spirituous liquors, now existing in the several parishes within die city of Dublin and the suburbs thereof, have greatly contributed to the robberies, riots, and disorders, which have been committed and have happened within the said city and suburbs, and the suffering houses felling ale, beer, or strong and spirituous liquors, whether licensed or not, to be kept open for the reception or entertainment of such as resort thereto at late and unseasonable hours tends greatly to disturb the peace and good order of the said city and suburbs, as such houses arc found to harbour idle and disorderly persons: for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the magistrate and alderman of each ward, or his deputy, with the guards and patroles, shall and may enter into and search all such houses, and for that purpose, if need be, to break open any door or doors, if not opened upon demand and request for that purpose, and apprehend all persons found therein, whom they shall have reasonable cause to suspect are robbers, thieves, or loose, idle, or disorderly persons, and (hut up or cause to be (hut up such houses, and arrest the keepers of such houses, to the end that they may be prosecuted for keeping disorderly houses or otherwise, as the case may warrant, at the expence of tiic ward.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be taken to be a publick one, and to be taken notice of as such by all judges and courts whatsoever.

4 C 2

CHAP.

2 88 The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

?:77D8. CHAP. xliv.

An Act to amble the Chief Jufice, or other Jufice of His Mc-jefiys Court of King's Bench, or the Chief Justice, or other Justice of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, in the Absence of the Lord Chi ft Baron of the Court of Exchequer tofwear the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin into his Office.

O i I. r. "O E it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and Won'*ab- with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-

raayo’riwn poral and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at all times hereafter, when the C. d. lord chief baron of the court of exchequer of this kingdom shall be absent from the city of Dublin, it shall be lawful for the lord mayor of the said city to take the oath or oaths of office before the chief justice or other justice of his Majesty's court of King’s bench, or before the chief justice or other justice of his Majesty's court of common pleas, in this kingdom, who are hereby empowered and required to administer the said oath or oaths; and that the said lord mayor, who shall be so sworn as aforesaid, shall and is hereby declared to be as effectually inflated in his office, and shall take upon him the execution thereof, in the same manner as if he had actually been sworn before the said lord chief baron, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law, with RespcR to Outlawries, returning Special furies, and the future Effie3s if Bankrupts in certain cases.

Outlawry. WHEREAS great delay of justice hath of late years been occasioned by returning persons, who (land outlawed in civil cases, on grand juries: be it enacted by the King’s most No pica of excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Braid jiftOT spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament af-m civil case sembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after

received in " ’

avoidance of the twenty ninth day of September, which will be in the year jmy.Ufs"d of our orel one ttoufoud seven hundred and seventy eight, no plea of the outlawry of a grand juror in any civil case shall be received in avoidance of any act or acts to be had or done by dny grand jury whatsoever.

4

the seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 289

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A.D. from and after the day aforesaid no plea of the outlawry of 1777-8. any plaintiff in any civil case shall have any effect, or be re- Chap. 45. reived as a plea in bar or abatement or otherwise, in any court Nor of of law or equity within this kingdom, unless the party, who pleads the fame, shall previously obtain and lodge with such f«a, unless plea at the time of filing thereof the consent of his Majesty's tora'ygeL* attorney general, and the consent of the party at whose suit «i, and the

j o a j part vat whole

such outlawry was obtained, in writing, to the pleading of such suit obtained, outlawry, together with an affidavit verifying the truth of such plea j which consents the proper officer is hereby required to file . andverify-in his office without fee or reward. i"* by

III. And whereas some doubts have been conceived touching the power of his Majesty's courts of law at Dublin to appoint Juri«-juries to be /truck before the Mailer of the office of prothona-tories, or other proper officer of such respective courts, for the !jjy °J' tjn'11 trials of issues depending in said court, without the consent of imiiaments, the parties concerned in such suits, unless such issues are to be or ",formati'

tried at the bar of the fame courts;

’ on &c.) as

be it enacted by the autho- fpc^j"ljc' rity aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for his bar/ Majesty's court of king’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer respectively upon motion, made by council on behalf of any plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, in any action, cause, or suit whatsoever depending or to be brought or carried on in the said courts, or any of them (except indictments, informations for misdemeanours, or informations in the nature of %uo Warranto) to order and appoint juries to be /truck before die proper officer of each respective court for the trial of any issue joined in any of the said cases, (and triable by a jury of twelve men,) in such manner as special juries have been and are usually struck in such courts respectively upon trials at bar to be had in the fame courts.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said Summoned jury so struck as aforesaid shall be the jury returned for the

trial of said issue, and shall be summoned by the /heriff or other tings, officer appointed to return the fame at least six days before the assizes or fittings, at which such issue is to be tried.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Fees paid the person or party, who shall apply for such juiy to be struck

as aforesaid, shall bear and pay the fees for striking such jury, t"®1, and shall not have any allowance for the fame upon taxation of colls.

Vo i. XI. 4 D

Sheriffs it)

dries or towns, on or* derforfpecial jury ordered to bring before the officer lifts of persons qualified'to serve as the grand pannel for trials at bar in counties at

l«gc,

jury (truck out of such

lift.

Not linn-oioning by writing, every person {truck or returned 6 days before* fined nota-hove yol. nor under lol.

fine ef-treated.

Not appearing, called 3 times, and oath of sum-xnuns 6 days before, unless cause on oath, fined not above 20l. nor under 5l.

estreated,

On default of jurors tales ordered,

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George, ID.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that where any ilpecial jury shall be ordered by rule of any of the said courts to be struck by the proper officer of such court in the manner aforesaid in any cause, arising in any city or county of a city or town, the /heriff or sheriffs of such city, or county of city or town, shall be ordered by such rule to bring, or cause to be brought, before the said officer the books or lifts of persons qualified to serve on juries within the lame, out of which juries ought to be returned by such /heriff or sheriffs, in like manner as the grand pannell hath been usually ordered to be brought in order to the /hiking of juries for trial at bar in caules arising in counties at large; and in every such case the jury shall be taken and struck out of such book or lift respectively,

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if the sheriff or sheriffs, or /itch other officer as shall be appointed to return such jury as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to summon, or cause to be summoned, by a note in writing every person, so struck or returned as aforesaid, at least six days before the assizes or fittings whereat such issue is to be tried, he shall forfeit such fine, not exceeding fifty pounds and not Iels than ten pounds, as the judge, before whom such ifiiies to be tried, shall think reasonable, for every such offence, and that the said judge shall estreat such fines.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person so returned as aforesaid, who shall not appear after being openly called three times, shall, upon oath made by some credible person that such person had been summoned by a note in writing six days at least before the assizes or fittings, forfeit for such default in not appealing, unless some reasonable cause of his absence be proved by oath to the satisfaction of the fad judge or justices, such fine, not exceeding twenty pounds and not less than five pounds, as the said judge shall think reasonable, and that the said judges shall estreat the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in every cause, wherein a special jury shall be awarded by virtue of this act, and that a full jury shall not appear before the judge or justices, before whom such issue is to be tried, or after appearance of a full jury by challenge of any of the parties the issue is like to remain untried for default of jurors, that the said judge or justices upon request made by the plaintiL or defendant shall have authority by virtue of this act to command the sheriff or other officer or officers, to whom the making of the said return shall belong, to name and appoint, as often

The seventeenth and eighteenth years o/^ GeorgeHI, 291

as need shall be, twelve such other able persons of the said A.D. county then present, to whom no cause of challenge doth lie, 1777-8. and that the names of the persons so to be named with their Chap.45. additions and places of abode shall be written on several distintt ' pieces of parchment or paper, being all as near as may be equal lize, and shall be delivered to the clerk of the judge, before whom such issue is to be tried, by the sheriff or other office): to whom the returning of such jury doth belong, and shall,by the direction and care of such clerk be rolled up all, as near bT as may be in the same manner, and put together in a box or jj|l glass, and that some indifferent person by direction of the court number with in open court shall draw out said parchments or papers one after j£nSd*iji? another, until a number shall appear sufficient with those of pcunnS. the original pannell, who appear, to make up the number of twelve, who shall be the jury to try the said issue.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every Valid a« if trial, had by such jury as aforesaid, shall be as good and effee- ^5" '" tualin the law to all intents and purposes, as if such trial Jiad ftluclE-been had and tried by twelve of the jurors originally struck, and appointed to try the said issue; and that all such person or persons, as shall be named and appointed as aforesaid by the sheriff or other returning officer, shall after such nomination and appointment in every respect be considered, as if they had been returned upon the original pannell struck to try the said issue.

IX. And whereas by the laws now in being die property Bankrupt, which a bankrupt shall acquire or become intitled to after the Property. time of his having become a bankrupt, and having obtained his certificate, is not subject to the debts contracted by him ruptcy subject prior to the time of his having become a bankrupt: be it en- )°^b"c°°' acted by the authority aforesaid, that whensoever any person, first becoming who had at any time before been a bankrupt, and obtained his certificate, shall again become a bankrupt, and shall not have effects sufficient to satisfy the demands of his creditors, that in every such case the property, which shall come to or be acquired by such bankrupt after the time of his having become a second time a bankrupt, shall be subject to all such debts, as shall have been contracted by him after die time of his haring first become a bankrupt.

CHAP.

2^2

A.D.

1777-8.

UVU’

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

CHAP. XLVI.

An act for the further improvement of the city of Dublin is lit manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it will tend to the improvement of the city of Dublin, and to the opening a new and convenient paf-sage from many parts thereof to the circular road, if the archbishop of Dublin be empowered to-grant a longer lease of the plot or parcel of ground herein after mentioned, than by law he is at present enabled to do: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parlia- ArciAiihop ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from aujfmake and after the passing of this act it shall and may be lawful for concurrent or his grace John lord archbishop of Dublin to grant any concur-B«acting rent or other lease or leases of that plot or parcel of ground, acre and "o' not exceed|ng one acre and thirty perches, being part of the perchci part- farm of faint Sepulchres in the county of Dublin, now in the rf &.&/«/. tenure anci occupation of the right honourable John Scott, through which a street, called Harcourt street, is now laid out, and is intended speedily to be opened, for any term not exceeding forty years from the time of making such lease or leases, notwithstanding any lease or leases then in being; renewable and that it shall and may be lawful for the said archbishop and v>ian‘ his successors from time to time to renew the fame for the like term of forty years.

II. Provided that the rent be reserved to the said archbishop than rateable and his successors by such lease or leases, be as soon as the fame ouufthe shall take effect in possession not less than a rateable propor-whote for ao tion of the present rent payable out of the whole of the said jearabtt. yarm to archbishop and his predecessors for twenty years last past, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Tenant#

III. Provided also that the immediate tenant or tenants first larefofa *° deriving under the said archbishop shall during the space of months«- two months from the time of passing this act have the foie foukceon- and exdofive power of taking any lease by virtue of this act, entreat lease. and that from and after the expiration of the said two months, so given to the tenant immediately holding under the said arch* bishop, the tenant next deriving under such immediate tenant for the Ipace of two months immediately following shall have

tiit

The sevenleenlh and eighteenth years of George' lit 293

(he like foie and exclusive power of taking, fuel* concurrent lease,. A.' D. if the first tenant shall refuse or neglect to take the lame within »777"^ the (pace of two months so given to him; and if at the end of four months from the passing of this act neither the said first: or fecoml tenant shall have taken such concurrent lease, that then the third, fourth, and every other tenant shall have successively the like l’ole and exclusive power of taking such concurrent lease for the space of two months next after the expiration of the months, given as aforesaid to the person from whom he immediately derives.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Subject ta said, that every lease to be made in purliiance of this act to the now immediate tenant of the said archbishop, or any person ifcrivati»c tc-

r r y nants as lease*

deriving from him, or to any of their executors, admmittrators, Jlovr ;n bCJ-as.

or alligns, shall be subject and liable to the like covenant of renewal to his or their derivative tenants, their executors, adini-nistrators, or assigns respectively, as the leases now in being are subject to.

CHAP. XL VII.

An act for ascertaining the boundaries of the parish of Saint Mary’s on the north east fide thereof and preventing iitconvenien-ties arising from the uncertain fate of the fame, and for ascertaining the boundaries between the county of the city of Dublin and the county of Dublin in some places, where the same are uncertain, and thereby preventing persons guilty of offences therein front (fcaping the pitnishment of the law.

WHEREAS several disputes and suits at Jdw have arisen, by reason that the boundary of the parish of Saint Mary’s in the city of Dublin on the north call fide thereof is not certain or fixed; and two trials have been had, whereupon it appeared, that the llreet, called Palace Row, was, not included within said parish; but such trials are found to be ineffectual for ascertaining the line of laid boundary in every part thereof; whereby it is found extremely difficult, if not impracticable, to applot and levy the parish ccffcs and other taxes appointed by act of parliament to be raised within said parish for the uses mentioned in said acts j and tiierc is also the like uncertainty as to the boundary of the county of the city of Dublin and county of Dublin in some places, whereby it is found extremely difficult to execute the ordinary process of the law against offenders in cases, where it is not certain, in which of Voi. XI. 4 E the

294 seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D. the said counties said offences are committed, and said offenders 1777-8. may be found when to be met with, whereby many persons ef-Chap. 47- cape punishment: and whereas the mode of proceeding for pro-curing a commission of perambulation in order to have the said boundaries ascertained on account of the number of persons, who are necessary to be made parties to any salt to be commenced for that purpose, would be. both tedious and expensive: for affording sufficient remedy in the premisses be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent On petition of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefect i°rpl‘ri"fhhn- parliament airembled, and by the authority of the same, that it 'gj "fSt- shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor of Ireland, any 12,’ and as loon as conveniently may be after passing this act, on a peti-oFcity and t‘oa to be preferred to him in the high court of chancery by county of the minister, church wardens, and parishioners of said parish, notify1 and or any twelve or more of said parishioners, praying to have the Sonof^r- boundary of said parish on the north east fide thereof enquired ambulation to into and ascertained, and on a petition to be preferred to him certain rf" by the grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin and of boundaries, the county of Dublin, or by either of them, for the time being, praying to have the boundaries between said counties within the places before mentioned enquired into and ascertained, after notice shall have been given in such publick manner, as the lord chancellor shall direct, of such petition or of such petition or petitions being preferred, and after hearing what may be laid touching the matter of said petitions by the persons, who inav think themselves affected thereby, or their council, or, in case there shall not be any such opposition, to issue a commission of perambulation for afeertaitiing the shears and boundaries of said parish on the north east fide thereof, and also one or more commission or commissions of perambulation, as the fame may be found necessary for ascertaining the shears and boundaries between usual orders the said counties; on which such orders and proceedings shall thereon, an(j may {-j£ ]lacy> as jn such cases are usual and necessary: ami

conducive after the shears and boundaries of said parish on the said north to nil unwell-ea£j. thereof, and the shears and boundaries between said

counties in the places before mentioned, shall be ascertained ami settled by virtue of said commission and commissions, and the proceedings to be had thereon, the fame respectively shall be binding and conclusive for the future to all persons, who now are or who may hereafter be concerned or interested in the bounds of the said county, and of the county of the said city, and of the parish aforesaid.

The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III. 295

II. Provided that the street called Palace-Row, and also the A.D.

housein Granby-Row now inhabited by William Dean, esquire, 1 777'^-on v.\iich two trials at law by two several juries hath been Chap. 47. found not to be within said parish, shall not in virtue of any ^m^r^ proceeding on find commission, founded on this act or other- y/jff °‘t wife, be comprehended or taken to be within the said parish of within raid faint Mary’s. par'1’1-

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that one i-jdofcs-third part of the charges of this act, and the expences attend-

ing the passing the fame into a law, shall at a vestry, to be held omhc-paniM-on or before the first day of November after passing the lame, niiWsmo-be applotted, and afterwards shall be levied off the several in- "'l'1 habitants of said parish of faint Mary’s, rateably and in proportion to the minister’s money payable by them respectively, with like remedy for default in payment thereof as is by law allowed for enforcing payment of laid minister’s money and that 2.3di and the remaining two thirds of the charges and expences of passing this act shall at the term next after passing the fame be pre- counties talented, one moiety thereof by the grand jury of the county j^5^lve of the city of Dublin, and the other moiety thereof by the grand jury of the county of Dublin, to be raised off the inhabitants of each county respectively as other grand jury cedes usually are; and that all such sums of money, as may afterwards be necessary for defraying the expences attending the said proceedings in said high court of chancery, and upon said commission or commissions rejecting the boundaries of said counties, shall and may be presented to be raised in like manner by the respective grand juries of fad county of the city of Dublin and county of Dublin.

IV. Provided, that nothing herein contained shall empower Not tg k the said commission or commissions of perambulation to extend tend the rathe said parish in the other parts thereof beyond the bounds al- parts? ready set forth by law.

CHAR

The fevettteenth and eighteenth years of George III.

296 A.D.

t777-8- CHAP. XLVIII.

An act to exclude traders from the benefit of an act, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, who do ml / '/’ rcgdtr bosks of account, and jor continuing the said law, and other purposes.

utcnG WHEREAS it appears, that great frauds have beencom-J.C. 8. niitted by traders not keeping regular books of account,

and that the effect of an act, intitled, An act to prevent /raids committed by bankrupts, hath been thereby defeated and rendered of no effect: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of January in the year one thousand seven hundred and no tanefit seventy n*ne 110 P^son or persons, against whom a commission of faW act to of bankrupt shall issue or be awarded, shall be entitled to any unkfsftir ac- benefit of the said act, unless it shall appear to the major part of count books t]ie commissioners in such commission named, that such person

kept of ail Ins ,__ if 1

drillings,bills, or persons hath or have from the time aforesaid kept honestly and crrdbsaand fairly a book or books, in which hath been entered an account house Mpcn- of all his or their dealings, bills of exchange drawn, endorsed, or cn’ accepted by him or them, of his or their debts and credits, and expences in hofife keeping.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that vcitto"; "ice unless it shall appear to the major part of the said commissioner*, of XSs t^at f"uch person or persons shall make out an inventory once in debts and ’ every two years at lead; in such book or books of all his or their and loss.Profit effects moveable and immovable, and of his or their debts and credits, specifying his or their profits and Losses on the fame from time to time, that he or they shall not be entitled to the Before fer- benefit of the said receited act. vict-p prncefa

III. And whereas by an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth trader'fur8"1 years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent fad tonsil"4 comm’ltted by bankrupts, any trader having privilege of parliament, G. 3. c. 8. who shall neglect to make satisfaction for any just debt to the o'V pun in;?, amount of one hundred pounds sterling or more within two dull mute months after service of legal process for such debt, shall be deemed

awl hie am- ,

davit of be- and adjudged a bankrupt: be it enacted by the authority afore-ami'Strader’ said, that before any such process as aforesaid shall be fervai on within said any trader having privilege of parliament for any such debt as

aforesaid

The sevenlecnth and eighteenth year's of George III. 207.

aforesaid, an affidavit shall be made by the creditor, or in case A.D. the debt or debts be owing to partners then by one partner, and 1777-8. shall be filed on record in some one of his Majesty's courts of Chap. 48. record in Dublin, that such debt, for which such process is iii- 1

tended to be served, is justly due and owing to him alone or to him and partner or partners, by such person so intended to be served, and that such debtor, as he or (lie verily believes, is a trader within the true intent and meaning of said statute relating to bankrupts.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the passing of this act in case any trader having such privilege of parliament, and being so served with process as aforesaid, shall, within two months after the service of such process 'nfi-

on him as aforesaid, enter into a bond in such sum, and with served give two such sufficient sureties, as any judge or judges of that court, but of which such process shall issue, shall approve of, to pay proud by the such sum as shall be recovered in such action or actions, in which 'hefumnT* such process shall issue, together with such costs & shall be given and adjudged in the fame, then and in such case such trader hav- deemed ing such privilege of parliament shall not be or be accounted and lHnkrupt’ adjudged a bankrupt; and in case any commission of bankrupt shall issue against him, then upon shewing to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or the lords commissioners of the great seal for the time being, that such bond was entered into co"^'n within due time as aforesaid, such commission shall be fu- superseded, perfeded, and the usual bond given by the person filing out ufajVomi such commission shall be assigned to the person; against whom such commission issued, as a security to him for such rity for l.;, damages and costs as he shall or may have sustained thereby j but aml in case such satisfaction as aforesaid shall not be made, nor such ,fe bond as aforesaid given within the time respectively appointed Cmih«r for that purpol'e, after such affidavit made as aforesaid, and after service of such process as aforesaid, then any creditor may sue ther bank-out a commission against any such person, and proceed thereon in rupl!' like mariner as against other bankrupts.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that , A"y <w-if any merchant, banker, broker, factor, ferivener, or trader

shall after the last day of this session of parliament commit any

1 / bankruptcy

act of bankruptcy, that then and in such case any creditor or after the hit

creditors of such person, so committing such act of bankruptcy, niay 'fuc uu"’

may sue out a commission of bankrupt against such merchant,

banker, broker, ferivener, or trader, and the commissioners in privilege not’-

such commission and other persons may proceed thereon in like ",tl,*,ndl"s-

manner

298 The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George 10.

A.D.

1777-8.

uw

Thu aft and ii & <2 <5.3. c. 8. continued 2 years, &c. from 24 June >778, and 2 yem from 24 Jane 1780, <s to end of then next fefon by 19 © 20 G. 3. c. 25./12.

manner as again# other bankrupts, any privilege of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act, and the said recited act of the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, and the several provisions hereby made, shall continue and be in force for the space of two years from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to die end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XLIX.

An act for the relief of his Majestfs subjects of this kingdom prof effing the popish religion.

WH EREA $ by an act made in this kingdom in tiiesecond year of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, An all, to ihJdifabii;. prevent the further growth of popery, and also by another act made gf *-. in the eighth year of her said reign for explaining and amending by 2 Anne the said act, the Roman Catholicks of Ireland are made subject to Anneal several disabilities and incapacities therein particularly mentioned: and whereas from their uniform peaceable behaviour for a long series of years it appears reasonable and expedient to relax the fame, and it must tend not only to the cultivation and improvement of this kingdom, but to the prosperity and strength of all his Majesty's dominions, that his subjects of all denominations should enjoy the blessings of our free constitution, and should be bound to each other by mutual interest and mutual affection: therefore be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of to August one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight it shall protfifo here- and may be lawful to and for any papist, or person professing the icafesnot«t- P0?1^1 religion, subject to the provisoe herein after contained as ceding 999 to the taking and subscribing the oath and declaration therein or dcteimi- ’ mentioned, to take, hold, and enjoy any lease or leases for any not'exceed-*terin or terms of years, not exceeding nine hundred and ninety or j- nine years certain, or for any term of years determinable upon Rent re- any number of lives, not exceeding five, provided always, that moi^y, upon way such sease a rent bona fide to be paid in money shall

with or

be reserved and made payable during such terms with or with-without out liberty of committing waste as fully and beneficially to all intents

The seventeenth and eighteenth yetih of George III.

intents and purposes, as -any other his Majesty's subjects in this kingdom, and the same to dispose of by will or otherwise as he shall think fit j and all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof any papist or person profelfing the popish religion is now seized or shall be ieized by virtue of a title legally derived by, from, or under such person or persons, now seized in fee Ample or fee tail, whether at law or in equity, shall from and after the time aforesaid be descendable, deviseable, and transferable, as fully, beneficially, and effectually, as if the fame were in the seizin of any other of his Majesty's subjects in this kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all papists or persons professing the popish religion shall and may from and after the time aforesaid be to all intents and pur-pases capable to take, hold, and enjoy all 8r any such estate or estates, which shall defeend, or be devised, or transferred as aforesaid, any thing contained in the said acts of the second or eighth of queen Ann, or in any other statute or law, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided, that no papist or person professing the popish religion shall take any benefit by this act, unless he or she shall on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or some time previous to any such lease made to or in trust for him, if he or she shall be in this kingdom, or within six months after any devise, defeent, or limitation shall take effect in possession, if at that time within this kingdom, or if then abroad beyond the leas, or under the age of twenty one years, or in prison, or of unfound mindj or under coverture, then within six months after his or her return from abroad, or attaining the age of twenty one years, or discharge from prison, or becoming of found mind, or after Ihe shall become a feme foie, take and subscribe the oath of allegiance and the declaration prescribed by an act passed in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable his Mqjejlys subjects of whatever perfmifwn to iefiify their allegiance to him in some one of his Majesty's four courts in Dublin, t rat the quarter sessions of the peace for the county of Dublin, or before tlx going judges of assize in open court-, which oath the judges pre-(iding in the said court, the chairman of the said lessions, and the said judges of assize, are hereby empowered and required to administer.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the names of such persons, as shall so take and subscribe the said

oath

disposed of by will or o-

thertvifr, lands.of pi'pish de-iccridabfc, devise&blf, arid tosfc'r* able, as if in seizin of afiy other.

Slay tike such citato notwithstanding 2 Atins ti ft.

8 Anne c. g. 6r any other liw;

typ benefit by this act, unless by lit January 1779, orpre* vions to fudl lease, or 6 montlis after devise, defeent, or limitation takes efied, if in the king* dom, or after disability removed, the oath and declaration by 13 .3- c. $5-taken in one of the four courts, or Tedious for Dublin, or judges of assize.

ftefr

names, &c* inrolled,

joo The seventeenth and eighteenth years of George III.

A.D.

oath and declaration, with their titles and additions, shall been-1777-8. tered upon rolls for that purpose to be appointed by the fad Chap. 49. respective courts, and that the said rolls once in every year be transmitted to and deposited in the rolls office of

rtarlf i" to remain amongst the records.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no maintenance or portion shall be granted to any child of a

Coaformi-ty of «lde(t Jon, as by 2 Anne c. 6. f. 3. or other act, shall not alter p " parentsestate.

Rolls Office.

No maintenance or

child of pa- parent, upon a bill filed against such parent pursuant to th;

a^ore^a^ a<^ of the second of queen Anne, out of the personal c. fi.f. 3. our property of such papist, except out of such leases which they property, fliTt may hereafter take under the powers granted in this act, an; ond'r tLu" thinS contained in any act or statute to the contrary in any wise aft. notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, it is amongst other things enacted to the effect following j in case the eldest son aid heir of a popish parent shall he a protestant, that from the time of the enrolment in the chancery of a certificate of the bishop of > the diocese, testifying his being a protestant and conforming himself to the church of Ireland as by law established, such papist parent shall become and be only tenant for life of all the real estate, whereof such popish parent shall be then seized in fee tail or fee Ample, and the reversion in fee shall be veiled in such eldest son, being a protestant subject, as in the said act is mentioned: and whereas it is found inexpedient to continue any . longer that part of the said receited act: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight the conformity of the eldest. son, and the filing of the bishop’s certificate, and performing the requisites by that act or any other act required in that respect, shall not affect or alter the estate of an; popish parent by making such popish parent become tenant for life, or by veiling a reversion or estate in such eldest son i but such popish parent shall remain seized and possessed of the fame estate andinterestin all and every his or her real estate, as he or she would have been, if such eldest son had not conformed, or the said act of the second of queen Anne had not been made. Nottoaf-

VII. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall affofh cfdc(i°f kct 01 C0I)strued to affect the right, title, claim, or estate &n conform- of any eldest son and heir of a popish parent, who has or at any ing before. tjme before the passing of this act shall have conformed in such manner, as is by the aforesaid part of the said act directed, oral

The seventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. 301

any person deriving by, from, or under such eldest son and heir of such popish parent; any thing herein to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, being in the actual possession of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments under titles, which shall not have been litigated before the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, whether derived by descent, devise, limitation, or purchase, and all persons deriving under settlements made upon marriages or other valuable consideration by papists in pofiehion, shall have, take, hold, or enjoy the fame, as if the said acts of the second and eighth of queen Anne, or any thing therein contained, had not been made.

IX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to affect any right, claim, or title already veiled, upon which any action or suit is now depending, or shall be instituted before the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and prosecuted with effect and without delay: and that all and every conveyance, heretofore made by any papists or persons professing the popish religion to any pro-tellant for the use of a protestant, shall be as valid and effectual, as if such conveyance was made by a protestant.

X. Provided also, That no person shall take benefit by this act who having been converted from the popish to the protestant religion shall afterwards relapse to popery, nor any person being a protestant who shall at any time become a papist, or shall educate, or fuiFer to be educated, any of his children under the age of fourteen years in the popish religion.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons, who have power under settlements to make leases for one or more life or lives, may and shall have the like power to let for any number of years determinable on one life or such number of lives as in their respective settlements mentioned and agreed upon in respect of such power, subject however to all and every other provisoe, condition, and restriction in said settlements contained concerning such leases.

A.D.

1777-8. Chap. 49.

Title* not litigated before 1st November 1778,

or deriving under marriage settle-roent or'valuable consideration, by papists in possession,

enjoyed as if said acts not made.

Not to affe& rights veiled, and suit instituted and prosecut* cd,

or former conveyance by papist to a. protestant.

No benefit to convert re-lapsing, or protestant becoming papist, or educating children under 14 papists.

Power to lease for years determinable

on lives as in settlements? subject to every restrish-on therein.

Vol. XL

THE

C 3°3 ]

THE

NINETEENTH and TWENTIETH Years

0 F

GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act for granting unto IBs Majesty an additional Duty on Beer, Ale, Strong Waters, Wine, Tobacco, Hides, and other Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned; and for prohibiting the Importation of all Gold and Silver Lace, and of all Cambricks and Lawns, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain.,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, having a just fcnfe of your royal care for the prosperity of all your subjects, and well knowing that the security of this realm, and the continuance of the many blcflings we enjoy under your Majesty's mild and auspicious reign, depend on die support of your Majesty's government: and whereas twelve thousand effective men, commission and non-commission officers included, arc necessary to be maintained within this kingdom for its defence: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That three thou-fanil and forty six men, commission and non commission officers included, which have been raised in pnrfuaocc of an act of Parliament passed in this kingdom in the 4 C 2 session

A.D. 1779.80.

304 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

j\m ]). session of one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine be continued for six months from the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty to the thir-

Chap. I. *'eth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty indufive, so as that the vj* forces on the establishment of this kingdom may amount to fifteen thousand and ’ forty six effective men, commission and non commission officers included.

II. And in order to enable your Majesty to carry into execution your Majesty's intentions and determined resolution, signified to us by his excellency the lord viscount Townshend, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for the necessary defence of the fame, twelve thousand effective men, commission and non commission officers included, at all times unless in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain, and to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government , we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine until the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty incliilively, and no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several rates, additional duties and impositions, herein after mentioned (that is to say) for and upon every thirty two gallons of beer or ale above the price of six shillings the barrel, brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person or persons who doth, or do, or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, such gallon to contain two hundred and seventy two cubical inches, and one fourth part of a cubicaj inch, the sum of two shillings, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively, who shall brew, fell, or tap out the fame, and so proportionably for a greater or idler quantity; and for every thirty wo gallons of beer or ale of the price of six shillings or under, brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person or persons who doth, or do, or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, each gallon to contain two hundred and seventy two cubical inches, and pne fourth part of a cubical inch, the sum of four pence, to be paid by the common brewer, or such other person or persons respectively, who shall brew, fell, or tap out the fame during the time aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity; for every gallon of aquavits, strong wateis, or spirits, made or distilled within this kingdom for fate, the sum of four pence, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof during the time aforesaid j for every pound weight of tobacco, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of three pence halfpenny i for every yard of muffin, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of six pence; for every yard of all forts of fiiks and stuffs, made or manufactured in Ferfia, China, or the Bast Indies, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of one shilling amt six pence} for every ton of wine that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of four pounds, and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity) for every gallon of brandy, strong waters, and spirits perfectly made, and of spirits made and distilled of wine not above proof, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of eight pence, and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity j and for every gallon of foreign spirits (above the quality of Angle spirits) which shall be imported into this kingdom during die time aforesaid, an additional duty shall be paid for such spirits, and lhatt be charged thereon, iu proportion to the duties payable for single spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength, which such spirits so to be imported shall bear to Angle spirits of the fame denomination; for and upon every pound weight of coffee, chocolate, and cocoa nuts, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of three pence; a tax of one shilling per barrel upon all herrings that shall be imported J inw

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 305

into this kingdom (except British herrings) during the time aforesaid; an additional A.D. duty of twenty shillings sterling on every hundred weight of mobiles; an addi- 1779-80* tional duty of twenty shillings on every hundred weight of treacle; an addi- Chap, I# tional duty of six pence per yard for and upon all foreign stuffs, called romalls, and all manufactures made of cotton, or of cotton and linen mixed, whether plain, painted, or (tained, which shall be imported, into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, from any part beyond the seas (except the manufacture of Great Britain ;) an additional duty of six pence per hide for and upon every raw and untanned hide, which shall be exported our of this kingdom to parts beyond the seas (except to Great Britain) during the time aforesaid; an additional duty of one Hulling for every rheam of writing or printing paper, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, (except of the manufacture of Great Britain); an additional duty of six pence per yard over and above the present duties on all damalk towelling or napkins, made of flax or hemp, imported into this kingdom from foreign pans, or from any other place than Great Britain, during the time aforesaid, at or under a yard wide, and of one (hilling/rr yard on all fuel) goods from fix quarters to eight quarters wide, and of two shillings per yard on all such goods from eleven quarters to twelve quarters wide.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer or viciMreasurers, paymaster or receiver general of this kingdom, upon ifilling or payment of any sum or sums which shall or may arise out of the aids herein before particularly mentioned, dull be received by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or paymaster general, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succesioTS, during the time aforesaid, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as a further additional aid hereby given ami granted for the further support of his Majesty's government.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several further additional rates, duties, and inipositions herein after mentioned, shall be granted, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heiis and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, that is to say, a further additional duty of four pounds thirteen thillings and four pence per ton for and upon all French wines; a further additional duty of six pounds per ton for and upon all wines of the growth of Portugal; and a further additional duty of four pounds eleven shillings per ton for and upon all Rhenish wines, and all other wines (except Spanish wines) which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above-all other Julies now payable for the fame, and so proportionably for a greater or Jess quantity; a further additional duty of one shilling per rheam upon every rheam of paper, except writing, printing, brown, blue, and pressing paper, which shall be imported into this kingdom from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusively, (except of the manufacture of Great Britain;) an additional duty of two shillings per barrel upon all wheat, except of the produce of Great Britain, imported into this kingdom, unless the middle price of wheat at the port, where the same shall be imported, shall exceed the price of twenty throe shillings English per barrel at the time of such importation, the said price to be ufeertained as directed by an act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty ninth year of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for the further encouragement of tillage,

V. Whereas it is deemed reasonable and for the advancement of trade, That all goods and merchandize the manufacture of this kingdom, to be exported directly from this kingdom to the Britishi plantations in America, or to the West Indies, or into any of the settlentcnts belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, (liould (land chargeable with and pay unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, duties and taxes to as great an amount, as goods and merchandize of the

jo6 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

fame denomination md jualiry exported from Great Britain to such places no.v 1779-80. stand chargeable with, whether the said charges be on the importation of the ma-Chap* jf, terials, of which the said goods and merchandize are made, or by duties on the . l*Y'>*'J exportation of the fame, or by inland excise not drawn back or compenfited for by bounties: belt enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one dioufand seven hundred and seventy nine, aiul until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclu* five, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, ‘granted, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the exportation of the seven! articles following from this kingdom to any of the places aforesaid during the time aforesaid the several rates, duties, and impositions herein after mentioned, that is to say, for every ton of bar iron the sum of two pounds ten shillings Her* ling, and so in proportion for any greater or le/Ter quantity; and for every ton of split, rolled, plated, or tinned iron, and for every ton of manufactured iron wares, the sum of three pounds three shillings and eleven pence, and so in proportion for any greater or letter quantity; for and upon every hundred weightin' bides, calves fleins, and kip skins, tanned or tawed, and not dre(Ted in oil, and oi sheep lkin$ tanned for gloves, or bazil, the sum of six shillings one penny and two thirds; and for and upon every hundred weight of hides dressed in oil tlir sum of one pound one (lulling and three pence two thirds; and for and upon every hundred weight of (beeps skins tawed and not tanned or dressed in oil tfk funi of five shillings and three pence halfpenny; and for and upon every.hundred weight of sheep skins tanned for roans, and not dressed in oil, the sum of seven shillings and nine pence ten twelfths; and for and upon every hundred weigh: 0: sheep skins dressed in oil the sum of eleven shillings and two pence four twelfths,

and for and upon every hundred weight of calves skins dressed in oil the sum 0! one pound eight shillings and one halfpenny; and for and upon every dozen of vellum the sum of three shillings and three pence; and for and upon even dozen of parchment the sum of one (lulling and seven pence halfpenny; ami for and upon alt kids hair a duty after the rate of one (lulling for every twenty shillings value thereof, as the same shall be valued on the oath of the exporter, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler quantities which shall be exported a> aforesaid; the said several duties to be in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties and customs now payable to his Majesty upon the exportation of the said several articles respectively; also for and upon every hundred weight of soap an additions! duty of one (lulling and six pence; and for and upon every ton of hpis cahmnnr.i, the produce of this kingdom, an additional duty of two shillings and two pence; for and upon all lamb skins an additional duty after the rate of one shilling and ten pence halfpenny for every hundred and twenty skins; and for and upon every hundred weight of lamb skins tawed and not tanned or dressed in oil, a further additional duty of four shillings and two pence halfpenny; and for and upon every hundred weight of Jamb skins tanned for gloves, or bazil, a further additional duty of five shillings and two thirds of a penny; and for every hundred weight 0: lamb skins dressed m oil a further additional duty of ten shillings and one penny and one third of a penny; and for and upon all goat skins tawed an additional duty after the rate of eleven shillings and eight pence for every one bundled and twenty skins; and for and upon every pound weight of goat skins tanned with fumack to resemble Spanish leather an additional duty of four pence ami four twelfths of a penny; and for and upon all pelts an additional duty after the Tate of two shillings and nine pence four twelfths for every hundred pelts; and for and upon all pieces or parts of skins tawed or tanned, and not dressed in oil, a duty after the rate of two lhilfings for every twenty shillings value thereof, and for and upon all pieces or parts of skins dressed in oil a duty after the rate of one shilling for every twenty shillings value thereof; and for and upon every hundred weight of pieces or parts of skins dressed in oil a further duty of six shillings and two pence two thirds; for and upon every pound weight of grey rabbit fur or coney

hair,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 307

an additional duty of one penny and nine twentieths; and for and upon all A.D. Hack coney ficins, with or without fiver hair, an additional duty after the rate of one 1779-80. shilling and six pence eight twentieths for every hundred and twenty skins. Chap. I.

VI. And for the better avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the several kind of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, chargeable by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by tanned hides or skins, or by tanned pieces of hides or skins, are meant only such as are tanned in ooze made of the bark of trees, or fumack, or whereof the principal ingredients shall be such bark or fumack j and that by hides and skins drafted in oil, or pieces of hides and skins drelfed in oil, are meant such as are made into leather in oil, or with any liquor or material whereof the chiefest ingredients shall he oil j and that by tawed hides or skins, or by tawed pieces of hides or skins, are meant such as are drclTed or made into icather in allum, and salt or meal, or other ingredients, properly used by the tawers of white leather.

VII. And whereas the duties payable upon the exportation of iron, iron ware, hides, calves skins, kip skins, sheep skins, vellum, parchment, and kids hair, ill lieu whereof the duties herein before mentioned are imposed by this act, do now conilitute a part of his Majesty's hereditary revenue: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the produce of the several rates, duties, and impositions to be raised, levied, granted, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and succestors, by virtue of this act, upon the said tall mentioned articles, as the duties now payable thereon would have amounted to, in case they had continued to be levied upon the exportation of said articles, shall be placed to the account of his Majesty's hereditary revenue; and that a separate and distinct account be kept by the proper officers of such amount upon all and every the aforesaid articles, which shall be so exported.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective additional duties, and further additional duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, over and above all other duties payable by virtue of an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An of? for the settling of the exeije or new inipo/l upon his Majesty, his heirs and fuecejjors, according to the hoot of rates therein inserted; or by virtue of one Other act made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the said King Charles the second, entitled, An act for settling the ftilfulp of poundage, and granting a fuh-fidy of tonnage, and other sums of money, unto his royal Majesty, his heirs and successors, the same to he paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into, or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to the hoi of rates hereunto annexed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or payinafter general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of tills kingdom, upon ilium- or payment of any sum or sums of money, which shall or may arise out of the aforesaid duties hereby granted, and herein after particularly mentioned, (that is to say,) the aforesaid duty of four pounds thirteen shillings and four pence per ton for and upon all French wines, the aforesaid sum of six pounds per toil for all wines of the growth of Portugal, the said duty of four pounds eleven shillings per toil for all Rhenifli wines, and all other wines, except Spanish wines, the aforesaid duty of one (hillingper rhearn upon every rlieam of paper, except writing, printing, brown, blue, and prefiing paper, not being of the manufacturc of Great Britain, and all other the aids and duties hereby granted, shall be received by the said vice-treasurer'or vice-treasurers, receiver or paymaller general for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said wines or other goods and merchandises herein before mentioned,

4H2 upon

3o8

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

upon which the said additional duties and further additional duties, hereby gram-ed, are charged upon the importation thereof, shall, after payment thereof, or fe-Chap. I. cax"ltf given for the fame, be again exported by any merchant or merchants, that is or are a subject or subjects of this realm, or any other of his Majesty's dominions, within twenty four calendar months, or by merchant strangers within twelve calendar months, after the importation thereof, and due proof first made by certificate from the proper officer, of the due entry and payment of the said additional duties and further additional duties hereby granted and charged thereon, or security being given for the fame, and that all other requisites have been performed, which are by law required to be performed in those cases, where the duties of excise are to be repaid by virtue of the before mentioned act, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new irnpojl «upon his Majesty, his heirs and ftc-Ctffors, according to the hook of rates therein inserted; that then the said additional duties and further additional duties hereby imposed shall without any delay or reward, if the same shall have been paid, be repaid or allowed unto such merchant or merchants so exporting the fame, within one month after demand thereof \ or if the same shall not have been paid, the security for the said additional duties and further additional duties, by this act charged, shall be vacated or discharged, as to so much thereof as shall be so exported, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the additional rates and duticshcreby granted ami imposed on coflee, chocolate, and cocoa nuts, and all monies arising thereby, shall be paid to the trustees, appointed for the management of the hempen and flaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied to encourage and support the said manufactures, and the trade thereof in this kingdom; and that the said additional duties on raw and untanned hides, and all money arising thereby, shall be paid to the said trustees, to be by them applied towards encouraging the railing of flax-feed in this kingdom.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates, and impositions, hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the term aforesaid, at the same time, in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and expressed, for the railing, answering, collecting, and paying of duties, in and by the said act made in tills kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled. An act for the settling of the excise or new irnpofl nfeti his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the hook of rates therein inserted, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes n6 if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enabled again in the body of this present act; with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise, is provided.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventynine, a- separate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer or officers of the several sums arising from the aforesaid several aids, duties, and taxes hereby granted as aforesaid, and that the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall return their weekly abstrafts from the several collectors to the accomptant-general; and that the accomptant general shall return a separate account of the aforesaid sums arising from the said aids, duties, and taxes hereby granted to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurcts, his or their deputy or deputies; and that every collector or receiver do take a separate receipt for the fame, when paid into his Majesty's treasury; which said receipt the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his, or thetr deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 309

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several sums A.D. herein after mentioned be paid out of the aforesaid additional duties and aids, granted j 779-80. to your Majesty by this present act, to the persons and for the puroofes herein after Chap. I mentioned, (that is to -say) the sum of four thousand pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons, to enable him to maintain,the Hate and dignity of hit office; the sum of one thousand pounds to the trustees of the linen manufacture for six months from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to encourage the railing sufficient quantities of hemp and flax in this kingdom; and also the further sum of one thousand pounds for six months from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty to the said trustees of the linen manufacture for the' encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures in the provinces of Lein Iter, Munster, and Connaught; and that the said several sums so granted to the said trustees of the flaxen and hempen manufactures to be freed and discharged from the payment of the six pence per pound and all other fees, which shall or may be payable to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom; the sum of five hundred pounds to the right honourable Agmondifham Vesey, esquire, accomptant general, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and (fating the publick accounts of the nation, laid before the house of commons tins session of parliament; the sum of three hundred pounds to Henry Core, esquire, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and making out the account of the imports and exports for two years, ended the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, pursuant to the order of the house of commons; the sum of five hundred pounds to Henry Alcock and Shapland Carew, esquires, clerks of the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance and service this fclfion of

Parliament; the sum of four hundred pounds to Mr. Benjamin Higgins, clerk afliftmt, as a reward for his attendance and fcivice this fdfion of Parliament; the sum of one thousand pounds to Dixie Cuddington, esquire, serjeant at arms, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliamentj the sum of eight hundred pounds to Thomas Ellis, as arccompence for his expence and trouble in the dafling, arranging, and scheduling the papers ami records of the house of commons, and for paying the four clerks by him employed for that purpose j the sum of three hundred pounds to James Corry, clerk of the journals and records appointed in pursuance of the report of a committee of the house of commons, for his trouble and expence in the execution of his office; the sum of one hundred pounds to Jonathan Rogers, clerk of the engrofTments, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament $ the sum of three hundred ami fifty pounds to George Melvin and George Frederick AVinftaulcy, the clerks attending the committee of accounts, and other committees, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to he equally divided between them; the sum of one hundred and twelve pounds to Abraham Bradley for printing the publick accounts laid before the house of commons this fdfion of parliament; the sum of fifty pounds to Laurence Senfi, as a reward for his truuble and attendance in delivering the votes to the members of the house of commons this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred pounds to James M*Cowan and Henry Holmes, door-keepers of the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons to be by him divided amougll the back door keepers and messengers attending the house of commons (being thirteen in number) in such manner as he shall dhred; the sum of fifty pounds to Cco;gc Melvin, for his extraordinary trouble during his attendance on the committee of accounts; the sum of Hvo hundred pounds to John Wctherall senior, and John Wetheiall junior, alfiftauc ^animators of customs, for their extraordinary trouble in making up the several Vol. XL 4 I

aramnrs

J io Tlhe- nineteenth and twentieth 2Tears-, of George. HI.

A.D.

accounts by them laid before the house of- commons* and-in attending this session

1779-80. °k parliament; the fuoi of three hundred pounds to William Wethcrall and

Chap. I . Le examiiutors of corn premiums, on account of the great increase of-their

trouble in ex induing and keeping accounts of said premiums, and for their expence in payment of clerks in the turo years, ending at Lady day one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; the sum of one hundred pounds to Mr. Henry Smyth, deputy paymaster of the corn premiums, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts by him laid before the house of commons for two years, ending Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine $ the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds to Sir Roger Palmer, baronet, in consideration of his extraordinary attendance, care, and expence in the office of paymaller of corn premiums during the two ycirs, ending at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine 5 the sum of one hundred pounds to Thomas Eilis for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, superintending the printing, ami making an index to the eighteenth volume of the journals of the house of commons; the sum of twelve thousand li ve hundred pounds to the incorporated society towards, suppnrting the proteitant charter schools of this kingdom 5 the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds to the Dublin society for the improvement of husbandvy ami other useful arts it) Ireland, and to enable them to continue premiums for the encouragement of agriculture, arts, amt manufactures *, the fun of eight thousand- pounds to the governors of the foundling hospital and work house towards enabling them to difclurgc the debts by them contracted for the ufeo: that charity, and towards supporting their* necessary expenses; the sum of six hundred ami sixty five pounds eight shillings and nine pence to Mary Hay, the ccd of thirty live lets of the ihtutes of Ireland in nine volumes delivered by her for the use of the members of the house of commons; the sum of four hundred and twenty nine pounds three shillings and four pence to Abraham Bradley, printer to the house of commons, the cod of printing and binding five hundred of the eighteenth volume of the journals of the house of commons,' delivered by him for the use of the members 5 the sum of one hundred pounds to George Melvin and George Frederick Winstanley, the committee clerks of the house of commons, for their extraordinary trouble and expence this fdlion of parliament '5 the sum of two thousand pounds to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the support of the house of industry in the said city in aid of charitable contributions; the sum of nine hundred and two pounds twelve shillings and ten pence to the lord chancellor and chief judges to enable them to pay the deb: by them contracted in building the new four court marshalsea; all which said several sums are to be p lid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver general or receivers general, of this kingdom without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

XV. And bs? i: further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the f.iid twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine the several sums granted by this act, or any other act of parliament now in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the railing sufficient quantities of flax and hemp in this kingdom, and for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures of - the provinces of Leiniler, Muniter, and Connaught, shall be applied to such purposes only and no other; and that a separate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof, and be laid before parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the tax of one Hullingp»r barrel hereby granted and imposed on all herrings, imported into this kingdom, be paid to the Dublin society, to be by them applied to the encouragement of the fishories in the north welt parts of this kingdom.

XVII. Provided always, in case any herrings so imported shall be exported within nine calendar mouths after ftteh importation, that the duties hereby impolVd atui paid 011 such importation shall be repaid to and drawn back by the exporter or Cx-portets of the same.

Will. Ami

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 311

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A.D. no gold or hiver lace, cambricks or lawns whatsoever (except of the 1779-80. manufacture of Great Britain) shall from and after the twenty cam. fifth day -of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy

' . 4 except urt-

nine be: imported into this kingdom m any ilup or vdieMvhatfo- tiih, impwt-ever, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks, and lawns, and treble the value thereof, and of the fltip or vessel in which the fa,me shall be imported, with all iter guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel; one moiety of which forfeiture shall be and remain to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall seize and file for the fame by a.ction, bill, plaint, or information in the court of exchequer, wherein no wager of htw, protection, cflbign, or other dilatory pica shall be allowed.

CHAP. II.

An. AS for granting unto his Majesty the feverat Duties, Rates, lm-poftions, and Taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the Payment of the Interest of the Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of the said principal Sums, in such Manner (is therein is directed, and for other Purposes as are therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament made and passed in By & iS the seventeenth and eighteenth years of your Majesty's C. 3. C. 2. reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty the several duties, rates, impositions, and taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the sums therein provided 4 f teat. for, and towards the discharge of the said principal sums, in such manner as therein is directed, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned, several aids and additional duties were granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy (even to the twenty fifth day of December one rhoulaiid seven hundred and seventy nine inclusive, to pay an interest for the lovcral luins in the said recited act particularly mentioned, or lb much thereof as should remain unpaid on the said -twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to the person or persons who lent the lame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or afligr.s, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December one tlioufitnd seven hundred and seventy seven without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcation-;, and

fuii^r

abatements avhatloever, until such time as they (honk! be relpec- iVa« nut lively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and 4 I 2 whereas

in pursuance ihcrvof i66cool. paid into trciifury 25D=C. 1777.

at 4 per cent.-

subsequent resolution to make, good life 2'inuitics of7l. 10s. yearly for sums subscribed and paid in (bares lool. each.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

whereas it was enacted in and by the said receited act, that for all and every such further sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, as'should be actually paid by any person or persons into ‘His Majesty's treasury at the instance of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to supply such deficiencies as should or might arise in the aidsgranted in the -said session of Parliament for the support of his Majesty's government, there should be "paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or paymaster general, vice treasurers or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the respective times of such payments, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest as should be agreed by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to be paid for the same, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and Whereas in pursuance of the said recited act the sum of one hundred and sixty six thpufami pounds was paid into your Majesty's treasury on or before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to carry an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum from the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven: and whereas subsequentjto the passing of the said act the commons of Ireland in Parliament' assembled did in the last session resolve, That for all and every the sum or sums of money, which were by a resolution of the said - commons dated the thirty first of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight intended and proposed to be subscribed. in shares of one hundred pounds each, that bad been subscribed pursuant to the said resolution, or should be subscribed and paid by any person or persons natural born subjects or foreigners into his Majesty's treasury at the instance of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be applied towards the necessary expences of government in putting and maintaining this kingdom in a state of defence upon one or more tontine or tontines, scheme or schemes of life annuities, the said commons would make good to the person or persons so paying and advancing such sum or lums respectively, or to any person or persons; lawfully

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 313

lawfully authorized to receive the same, annuities of seven pounds A.D. ten shillings by the year, that is to say, one pound ten shillings 1779~ ‘ in addition to the sum of six pounds mentioned in the said rel'o- Chap. 2. Iution of the thirty first of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight for every hundred pounds subscribed or to be subscribed and paid; the said annuities of (even pounds ten fliil- faroe lines by the hundred to continue for and during the lives of """I" "

0 1 annuities

the persons to be nominated by the persons subscribing granted ij s: and paying the said sum or sums respectively, their executors, 16 G'3- c. 21 administrators, or assigns, and to be made good in the same manner as annuities granted by an act of parliament passed in the fclfion holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled. An aEljor granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such persons as pall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a sum not exceeding one hundred seventy five thousand pounds',. and to be payable at such place or places, and in such manner, with such benefit of survivorship upon each and every such tontine or tontines, scheme or schemes of life annuities, and with all and every such rights, benefits, and advantages, and subject to all and every such regulations and redactions, as in and by the said act were granted, enacted, made, and provided concerning the annuities in the said act mentioned; the said annuities to be payable half-yearly in equal proportions on such days in every year, and to commence on such day or days, and the shares or subserip-tions of one hundred pounds each to be paid at such times and in such proportions, and the lives for which such annuities should be granted to be nominated within such time or times before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine as his excellency the lord lieutenant, or any other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, should publickly declare and appoint: and whereas upon the upon credit credit of the said resolution the sum of three hundred thousand r;,i pounds has been paid by several persons into his Majesty's trea- j«‘® trofurjj fury at the instance of his excellency the lord lieutenant in shares racii, of one hunch ed pounds each upon one tontine or scheme of life annuities, and the annuities thereon after the rate of seven pound ten findings by the year for each hundred pounds com-raenced on the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven each iooi. hundred and seventy eight pursuant to the appointment of his excellency the lord lieutenant: be it enacted by the king’s most '"s-excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that for all for ail fmns

Vor.XI. 4 K amrc,cccUi, E

314 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A. , D. and every such sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the 1779-80. whole the sum of one hundred and sixty six thousand pounds, as Chap. 2. have been actually paid by any person or persons inro his Ma-I'cfooooT^ld jesty’s treasury of this kingdom pursuant to the said act of parlia- pursuant to ment, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer

saul aft, in- . r r J

tcreft at by the hands or the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their %Def'ijrh dePuty or deputies, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven to the person or persons, without riiat Paid ("amei his, her,' or their executors, administrators, any deducti- or assigns, an interest at the rate of four pounds a year for e'. cry one hundred pounds without any fee or charge, free from s'!

tin princi- deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such fptSciy'at time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one payment. one entire payment.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefckl, that 3ooooaolJife for all and every sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the ycaf/y whole the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, which for each tool, have been paid into his Majesty's treasury as aforesaid, there shall Ward5.1778, be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, annuities from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight after the rate of seven pounds ten drillings by the year for each (bare of one hundred pounds to the person or persons, who in pursuance of the said resolution has or have paid the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, or the persons during lives legally authorized by them, the said annuities to continue for ami by Seri- during the lives of the persons nominated pursuant to the said bers, last recited resolution, by the persons who subscribed and paid the

payable, said sum or sums respectively, and to be payable at such place or

nefit'offtr-' P^aces> and 'n such manner, and with such benefit of survivorship vivor, ami upon said tontine or scheme of life annuities, and with all ami su'dfMhref- every such rights, benefits, and advantages, and subject tordlaml rif°&,t6 G every foeh regulations and restrictions, as in and by an act passed 3"'? e. ’ in this kingdom in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting annuities in tie Miner therein provided to such persons who Jbaii voluntarily futferiii towards the rcif.ng a sum, not exceeding the jum of one hundred os« seventy five thousand pounds, were granted, , enacted, made, aid provided concerning the annuities in the said act: mentioned, fully as if the said act, and every part thereof, were herein particularly declared and enacted of and concerning the annuities as aforesaid.

2

111. And

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 315

III. And whereas the several aids and duties granted to your A.D. Majesty in and by the said first: receited act have not proved fuf. 1779-80. fieient to pay and discharge the said several principal sums and the Chap. 2. imereti of the fame reflectively: ami whereas it is necessary to piovidc for the payment of i’uch part of the said several principal 17 *t8G-sums, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December nisufficient-, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, together with the f0r*pmlri^f imereti thereof, and affo to provide for the payment of the several annuities granted by an act passed in a session holden in the thir- and inti.4 if, tccntli and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An ei! for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such H G- 3 c-s fufm, as pail voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a sum not ,fc. 3. c'2. ixmiing the sum of iwo hundred and /ixty five thousand pounds; which act was explained and amended by one other act passed in the hmeleliion, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this feffim of parliament., entitled, An act for granting annuities in tit manner therein provided to such per fins, as frail voluntarily fub-Jtrik towards the raising a sum, not exceeding the jum of two hundred endsixty five thousand pounds; and also the several annuities granted by one other act passed in the fcllion holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled,' An act for grant-mj annuities in the manner therein provided to such persons as shall ’dmtarily fidferibe towards the raising a sum, not exceeding the Jim tf an hundred and seventy five thousand pounds; and also the several and annuities hereby made payable to the several persons who have ti« hereby subscribed the hid sum of three hundred thousand pounds, upon fiibfcnhm a scheme of life annuities, pursuant to said recited resolution of for d00000*- the hoafe of commons of Ireland in the last session of parliament: we therefore your Majest/’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it en- 4 ffr cent, acted by the authority aforesaid, that for so much of the said several principal sums so formerly borrowed as aforesaid, as shall *779> remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December one thousand liven hundred and seventy nine, there shall be paid at the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of six calendar months from the said twenty tiaif yearly, fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the perl‘011 or persons, who has or have paid or lent the lame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an intcrcil at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven

without

deduction,

till principal at one payment.

Annuities to subscribers for 265000l. and 175000l. pursuant to 13 & 14 G. 3.0.5 & 7-& 15 & 16G. 5. c. i. and for gocooooh pursuant to resolution last session, shall be paid regularly.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

seven hundred and seventy nine, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the several annuities granted by the said recited acts to the several fub-feribers, who advanced and paid the said two several sums of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds, and one hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, into his Majesty's treasury pursuant to the said acts, and also the several annuities hereby made payable to the several persons, who have advanced and paid the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds into his Majesty's treasury upon a scheme of life annuities purfoanr to the said recited resolution of the house of commons of Ireland in the last session of parliament, shall and may be regularly paid, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited acts and refo-

lution.

V. And whereas it may be necessary that a further sum or Further sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of three hundred and fu^yd’eSd. fifty thousand pounds sterling, shall be raised tofuppiy the<14 encmmaids ciencies, that have arisen or may arise in the aids granted hereto-sra"c ’ fore and in this session of parliament for the support of your Majesty's government: we therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament affeni-bled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that for all fur 2 toocoi. and every such sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the lottery prizes whole the sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, as shall

per cents m- , r

terest paid be the pnzes to the fortunate adventurers in a lottery to be troL^ffrie established this session of parliament, there shall be paid at the 1780, mill, receipt of your Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice on. " treasurer or paymaster general, vice treasurers or paymastersgcnc-ral, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the personor persons who shall be entitled to the firid prizes respectively, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatement whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid the amount of their respective prizes at one entire payment.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

debentures bearing interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum shall be given to the proprietors of the fortunate tickets in the said lottery as and for their respective prizes by Lottery the proper officers of your Majesty's treasury for all and every at

such sum and films of money, not exceeding in the whole the s>'«» f"r film of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, as the proprietors Siooco*

of the fortunate tickets in the said lottery shall he respectively entitled unto; and the said debentures so to be given in pursuance of this act: Aall be marked lottery debentures, and be numbered marked and in arithmetical progrellion, where the common excess or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That j-orfurtlier for all and every such further sum or sums of money, not exceed- loan not aW ing in the whole the sum of one hundred and forty thousand J^K^alf"1" pounds, exclusive of the said sum of two hundred and ten thou- V"'1)' from sand pounds, as shall be actually paid by any person or persons ofaslfy chief’ into his Majesty's treasury at the instance of his excellency the c,lvcr"?r aP*

J J J % J pointed, not

lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this exceeding 3d.

kingdom for the time being, to supply such deficiencies as afore- ^cof^vithout said, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer ilnluflion, till by the hands of the vice treasurer or paymaster general, vice on"paymeot. treasurers or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months to be computed from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or such other subsequent day as his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being shall think proper to appoint, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest as shall be agreed upon by his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, not exceeding the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for Bilisonlc-all and every such sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the ritii whole the said sum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, as 140000). at shall be so paid into his Majesty's treasury, either bills entitling ftmUnd

VOL. XL 4 L tllC "‘.mWrcU.

31S The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

the bearer to the amount of the films respectively specified therein, 1779-80. declaring such amount to be payable at such time or times as shall I,creafter directed by Parliament, or debentures, such as have been heretofore given for the principal sums formerly borrowed, shall be issued and given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, as his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland for the time being shall direct and appoint; such bills or debentures, as the case' shall be, to bear interest at such rate as shall be agreed on as aforesaid; and the said debentures or receipts to be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excels or difference is to be one, until the whole fldl he numbered, beginning with such number as the said vice treasurer or receiver or pay matter general, his or their‘deputy or deputies, shall appoint, and the said bills to be numbered in like manner, beginning with the number one.

Such bilk

IX. Provided always, that every such bill or bills so to be issued and may from and after the twenty fourth day of June one era or coiiec- thousand seven hundred and eighty two, if not sooner paid.be June 1782!^ received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in pa?/00"" kingdom of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, for and in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid, or tax then due or thereafter to become due or payable to your Majesty, your heirs or successors, and shall be taken as taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of your Majesty's treasury. 31 trCa" fury, from every such receiver or collector for and in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax by him collected or received on or after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty two.

No bill im- X. Provided also, in order to avoid small fractional divisions of tier 81. fis. 8d. daily interest less than a farthing on said bills, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such bill shall be issued for any film less than eight pounds six shillings and eight pence; and that every person, to whom any such bill or bills is or are to be issued, option to shall or may at his or her option have and receive one bill or receive one or several bills for such sum, as he or {lie shall choose; so as such several, ’

bill or bills, if more than one, do not exceed in the whole the

not to ex- amount of the money by him or her paid into the receipt of your ceed money # r

p»id. Majesty's treasury in pursuance of this act; and so as that no bill

do issue for any greater sum than eight pounds six shillings and

eight pence, except such sum as eight pounds six shillings and

eight pence shall be the common dividor of.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 319

XI. And to the intent that the interest of the said several Turns Co formerly A.D. borrowed and remaining unpaid, and the said several annuities, and the interest of I JJQ-§0. the said sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, and also the interest of the said further sum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, or so much thereof Expired u

J June, 1780,

as Ball be tailed in pursuance of this a ft, may be duly and regularly paid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in this present year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, there shall be throughout his Majesty's kingdom of Ireland raised, levied, granted, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, and no longer, over and above the several rates and duties payable by virtue of an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his Majesty King Charles the second, entitled, An all fir the settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the tool of rates therein inserted, or by virtue of one other act passed in the said fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the said King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling the subjniy of poundage, and granting n fuhftdy of tannage, and other sum of money unto his royal Majesty, his heirs and successors, the same to he paid upon merchandizes imported and exporsed into or out of the hingdom of Ireland, according to a booh of rates hereunto annexed, and over and above any other duties, rates, impositions, and taxes granted to his Majesty by any other act of Parliament heretofore enacted in this kingdom, and still in force, and over and above any duties, rates, and impositions granted by any other act of Parliament, or which shall or may be enacted during this present session of Parliament, the several duties, rates, impositions, and taxes herein after mentioned, (that is to say) an additional duty of six pounds per ton for and upon all forts of wine of the growth of France or Spain, and of three pounds per ton for and upon all forts of wine of the growth of Portugal, and of five poundsprr ton for and upon all other wines, that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; and also an additional duty of four pounds sterling per pound weight for and upon all velvets, or manufactures made of or mixed with silk (except those of Great Britain, China, Persia, and the Pad: Indies) that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine-, an additional duty of one hnlfpenny per pound weight for and upon all hops that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; an additional 4 L 3 duty

320 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

duty of five pounds per centum for and upon all china, earthen, japanned, or lac-1779-80. quered ware, as valued or rated for custom by the book of rates, that shall be im-Chap. 2. portej into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; an additional duty of three pounds per ton for and upon all forts of vinegar that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; a further additional duty of two pence per gallon for and upon every gallon of aquavitx, strong waters, and spirits that shall be made or ciiftiiied within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker or difliller thereof, from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; a further additional duty of two pence per pound for and upon all coffee that shall be imported into this kingdom from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; a duty of five shillings to be paid by all and every person or persons that doth, do, or shall fell or tap out by retail any cyder at any time between the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine and the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive; a duty of one penny per gallon for and upon ail cyder that shall be fold or tapped out by retail, to be paid by the person who shall fell or tap out the fame by retail from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; an additional duty of ten shillings to be paid by every person for every coach, chariot, berlin, calafit, or chaise with four wheels, which such person shall keep in his or her poffdfiou (except hackney and (lage carriages, and carriages kept by coachmakers for sale, and also except cabriolets or garden chairs) at any time between the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine and the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive; an additional duty of twenty (hillingsper ton for and upon every ton of soap boilers wade, ami so in proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to any parts beyond the seas from and after the said twenty fifth day of De-comber one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine; an additional duty of three pounds per ton for and upon every ton of linen rags, and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to parts beyond the seas from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

6

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 3 21

XII. And whereas great frauds and abuses have been committed by the clandef- A.D. tine importation of tea from parts beyond the seas without paying any duty for 1779-80. such tea: for remedy whereof, and for the greater discouragement of the pernici- ^rap. 2. ous and illegal practices of unlawfully importing and clandeilinely running and landing of tea, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty in-clulive, there shall he paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of six pence for every pound of green tea, and the sum of four pence for every pound of black bohea and other tea, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties of customs and excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the further additional duties herein after mentioned shall be raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive; that is to say a further additional duty of fire pounds fir ctntnm for and upon the several goods and merchandizes (not being of the growth and produce or mauufaflure of Great Britain} herein after named, as the fame now (land rated for customs in the book of rates, or if unrated,

U be valued upon the oath of the importer, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above all other <lu-duties now payable for the fame, viz. apparel, apples, bacon, and hams, beads of glass, chocolate, cocoa nuts, coffee, cork, capers, cloves, curtains, diefmtts, walnuts, small nuts, bugles, hulled barley, artificial flowers, miiinary ware, pearl barley, fans, Hats chip and draw, anchovies, sturgeon, pins, wrought ivory, olives, onions, prints and pictures, mace, nutmegs, wrought hide, dings, (not being for dyets use) elephants teeth, furs, all lacquered, japanned, gilt, painted, bronzed, and enamelled ware, gloves of all forts, almonds, annifeeds, cinnamon, liquorice, pepper, piamento, pruins, raisins, rice, falfron, fuccnrds, succus liquoritiat, needles, thimbles, outnal threads, lifters thread, china, and earthen ware, whited brown thread, and all other threads, haberdashery, hard ware, toys, mermits, iron pots, feifliirs, fnu/F, tyles, IllOt, laces of cotton, thread, worsted, or ftlk, groceries of all kind (except sugars) oranges and lemons, lime, lemon, and orange juice (not being for dyers) tape, foreign linens, and all manufactures of flax and hemp; and

t

322 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

a'f° the further additional duties herein after mentioned, that is to say, for and

1779780. upon all chintzes, callicoes, and muslins, of the manufacturee of China, Persia,

Chap. 2. and the East: Indies, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of six pence pir yard over and above all other duties payable for the fame; a further additional duty for and upon all teas imported into this kingdom which shall have been purchased at the Ball India company Bales for an higher price than four shillings Britishi per pound, at the rate of one penny pit pound weight for every six pence British that shall be paid for the same over and above the sum of four shillings British at the sales above mentioned, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, the price of the teas to be inserted in the cockct, and to be further ascertained by a.reference to the sale books of the Bad India company; copies whereof, or of such parts thereof as shall relate to the teas so imported, attested by the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being of the East India company, the commissioners of the revenue are required to procure from time' to time for the purposes above mentioned; and which copies shall be admitted as evidence in all prosecutions commenced or arising upon this act; and a further additional duty of six pence per pack for and upon all painted or playing cards that shall be ma-nufactured or vended in this kingdom between the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine and the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, over and above all other duties noir payable for the fames a further additional duty of six pence per gallon for and upon all brandy, geneva, and other spirits that shall be imported into this kingdom from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, (except spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's supr colonies in America) over and above all other duties now payable for the fame; a further additional duty of five shillings for and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels which any person shall keep in his or her polTef. Turn, being in number not more than one, and of ten shillings for every coach, chariot, berlin, cahlli, or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall keep exceeding that number (except hackney and (tage carriages, and carriages kept by coachmakers for sale ;) and also an additional duty of five shillings on all chaise! with two wheels, which any person shall keep in his or her possession (except luck-

aey

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. ' 323

after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid the fever.il ates and additional rates, and additional duties herein after mentioned \ that is to say, an additional duty of one shilling per hundred for and upon ail flour, meal, bread, and bifeuir, except of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain, imported into this kingdom.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several further additional rates, duties, and impositions herein after mentioned shall be granted, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive; that is to say, a further additional duty of four pence per gallon for and upon all aqua vita, strong waters, or spirits made or distilled within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof; a further ad* ditional duty of four pence per gallon for and upon all rum or other spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, which shall be imported into this kingdom from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive; a further additional duty of six pence per gallon for and upon all brandy, geneva, or other spirits, which shall be imported into this kingdom from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, except spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said wines and other goods and merchandizes herein before mentioned, upon which the aforesaid duties are hereby charged upon the importation thereof, shall after the payment thereof, or security given for the fame, be exported by any merchant or merchants, who is or are a subject or subjects of this realm, or any other his Majesty’s

ney chaises and chaises kept* by the makers for sale) from the twenty fifth day of A.D. December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day 1779"®°* of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, over and above all other

dudes now payable for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and

4 M a

dominions,

The nineteenth and: twentieth Years of George III.

dominions, within twenty four calendar months, or by merchants grangers within twelve calendar months, after the importation thereof, and if due proof shall be iirft made by certificate from the proper officers of the due entry and payment of the said duties hereby granted, or security given for the fame, and if all other requi/ires shall be performed, which are by law required to be performed in those cases, where the duties of excise are to be repaid, that then the said duties hereby imposed shall without any delay or reward be repaid or allowed unto such merchant or merchants so exporting the fame within one calendar month after demand thereof, or the security for the said duties by this act charged shall be vacated as to fomnclt as shall be exported, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and aftet the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine no person or persons whatsoever shall fell or tap out by retail any cyder within this kingdom, but only such as shall be licensed according to the directions of this act, under such penalty as herein after is expressed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's excise, or any three of them, and the collectors of his Majesty's excise in their several and respective districts, from time to time to ifltie and grant such licences for the felling and tapping out cyder by retail, and that for every such licence so to be granted the sum of one shilling and one penny, and no more, shall be paid or demanded as a fee for the fame i and if any person or persons shall from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine fell or tap out cyder by retail without such licence as aforesaid, every such person so offending shall for every time he or (lie shall so offend, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better ordering and collecting the said duty of one penny/cr gallon for and upon all cyder that shall be fold or tapped out by retail, It (Iiall and may be lawful to and for the gauger or gaugers, and officers of excise within their respective districts, from time to time from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to enter in the day time into the houses, outhouses, ltorehouses, and cellars of every retailer or retailers of cyder, and to take an ac-3

3*4

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 2.

count

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

count of all such cyder, as Hull be found in the possession of such retailer or retailers, and to charge such retailer or retailers with the said duty of one penny per gallon accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand feret) hundred and seventy nine, every retailer of cyder shall shew to the gauger or officer of excise on demand all his or her (lock of cyder then on hand j and in case any such retailer or retailers of cyder, or his, her, or their fen-ant or servants (in case such retailer or retailers shall not be present, when die gauger or officer of excise (bail come to such retailer's house to take flock as aforesaid) shall refuse to make declaration, and shew all his or her (lock of cyder then on hand, every such retailer shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds, and if such gauger or officer of excise shall after declaration made as aforesaid find any cyder -in the pofiession or custody of such retailer or retailers, over and above-the quantity so shewn and declared, such retailer iliail likewise forfeit and lose the.sum of ten pounds.

I

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better coi-ledling the said duty chargeable on every person who shall keep any carriage with four wheels or carriage with two wheels (except as before excepted) every person, who from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall have or-keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calalli, orchaife with four wheels, shall within three calendar months after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or within three calendar months after he or Hie shall have kept any such coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, by writing under his or her hand certify to the collector of excise in some one of the districts, wherein he or (lie shall reside or dwell, within the time aforesaid, a true account of every such coach, chariot, berlin, culafh, and chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, which he or she shall have or keep (except hackney or stage carriages and carriages kept by the makers for sale,) with the name of the place and parish of his or her residence or abode at tile time of giving such certificate, which said certificate shall be kept by the respedKve collectors of the ftvcral districts in this kingdom for the time being, and (hail'be also entered or re-yilkrcd in an alphabetical book to be by them respectively'kept for that purpose, ami a copy of such entry, signed by such col left or or his clerk, to be delivered, if required, without fee or reward, to the person delivering such certificate, and a Voe. XI. 4 N ' number

325

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 2.

326 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

number shall be entered on each certificate so registered; and that the fad '1779-80. collectors respectively shall under their hands on or before the twenty fourth Jsv Chap. 2. of June, one thousatld seven hundred and eighty, give a true lift of all coaches, chariots, beriins, calashes, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, from time to time returned to litem respectively in such certificates, with the names of the persons and places of their abode, respectively mentioned in such respective certificates, to the persons who for the time being shall be appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, or any three of them, to coiled, aid receive the salt! duties 5 and that such persons, as shall be appointed by the said commissioners of ettcife, or any three of them, to coffeft and receive the said duties on coaches, chariots, beriins, calashes, and chaises with jour wheels, and chaises with two wheels, shall have full power and authority so levy, collect, and receive the same within the district, wherein the certificate shall be enteted, in the fame, manner as his Majesty's revenue arising from fire hearths is now by bar levied, collected, and received, and shall respectively (ign and deliver acquittances without fee or reward for the fame, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances arc given and kept for the duty of fire hearths, and shall respectively return the boot containing the duplicates of such acquittances to such person and persons, and at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner, as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the said duty on fire hearths arc returned and that the duties aforesaid shall be paid in their respective distrifls, wherein the said carriages shall be entered or registered respectively, and in no other.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons Hull have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaifc with two wheels, chargeable with the said duty by virtue of this act, which shall not be certified in manner as aforesaid, then and in such case every such person and persons, so having or keeping such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, notcerti. fied as aforesaid, shall for such neglect forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by fall ways amt methods, as are prefcTibed and appointed for the recovery of penalties in and by an add of Parliament made and paired in the said fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the said King Charles the second, entitled, An act for tit /titling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and fucccjfirs, according to the l-J of rates therein infirtei.

the nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 327

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That every person (except as before excepted) A.D. haring in his or her keeping or possessioa any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise I ^yp-8o. with four wheels or chaise with two wheels belonging to another, shall be charged Glisp# 2* for every such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels or chaise

with two wheels, with the said duty imposed by this act, in the ftme manner as die owner or proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame by this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons, who for the time being shall be authorized and impowcicd to collect and levy the said duty on coaches, chariots, berlins, calaflies, and chaises with four wheels, and chaise? with two wheels, shall pay the same to the said collectors of the several dtftrifts, where the said duty shall be collected and raised, and that the said coHcftors-Hiall keep Teparate and dilliiift accounts thereof, and pay the same into his Majesty's treasury, as other money received by them for the use of his Majesty.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend or be construed to extend to charge any person or persons, who shall keep and certify to the said collectors of excise in manner above mentioned any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, with the said additional duty of five shillings chargeable upon chaises with two wheels, nor to charge any cabriolet or garden chair, or to oblige such person or persons to make any entry of any such chaises with two wheels, or of such cabriolet or garden chair.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Former That all and every person or persons, to whom debentures or re- debentures ceipt of one hundred pounds each have been given for any part mly w of the said principal sums formerly borrowed as aforesaid, which j

shall remain unpaid on the said twenty fifth day of December in this present year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, now carrying interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, shall or may at his, her, or their election or ’choice receive in exchange for the lame from the vice treaftirer or vice treasurers, or pay mailer or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, either four debentures of twenty five pounds each, or two debentures of twenty five pounds each and four of twelve pounds ten shillings each, as lie, /lie, or they shall think proper; and that any person or persons, who shall be entitled to 4 N 2 receive.

328

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

receive, or shall at any time or times hereafter be possessed of, 1779-80.

two or more of said lottery debentures, shall or may at'his, her, or their election or choice receive in exchange for any two or 1 or mote more of the fame from the vice treasurer, or receiver or pay-henturej6" matter general, his or their deputy or deputies, one debenture

may* be exchanged for one*

exchanged

debentures

cancelled,

the others

numbered, fame interest and times of payment,

transferable-by endorsement on notice and memorial thereof,

cndovfee

entitled.

so Utiei,

not after in power of assignor.

for the amount of the sums contained in the two or more debentures' so offered in exchange; all such debentures so i(hied in exchange to be numbered in such manner as the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, shall think fit, and to bear the fame rate of interest payable at the same time and times, with the debenture or debentures so exchanged as aforesaid, which are hereby required to be cancelled j and that all and every person or persons, entitled, or who shall be entitled to any debenture, may by endorsement on such debentures or receipts transfer the right and benefit of the sums due on the said debentures or receipts; which endorsement upon notice to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, and an entry or memorial thereof made in the said vice treasurer’s office, which the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputes, shall upon request without charge, fee or reward, make accordingly, and shall on request permit the same to be viewed at the usual office hours without fee or rewanl, shall entitle the endorsee or a(signce,.his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, to the foie benefit of the sum so transferred or assigned; and that the said debentures or receipts may in like manner be assigned or transferred by such endorsee or assignee, his or her executors, administrators or assigns, and so tot'ies quoties; and that after such assignment it shall not be in the power of the person or persons, who made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the said assignment, or to discharge or receive the sum thereby transferred or assigned or any part thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enafleil by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective additional and other duties anil rates hereby granted, other than-such as are otherwise by this prefenc ntt appointed, shall be rnifed, answered, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fneceflors, during the term aforesaid, ot- the f.ime'time and in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under'such penalties and forfeitures, and with such g powers

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of > George III. 329

Powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed in and by the Paid act made in A.D. this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King

X779-80.

Charles the second, entitled. An act for the settling of the excise or new impojl upon Chap, a. his Majesty, his heirs and fueceffers, according to the Ieoh of rates therein infected; or by any other law now in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame-were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted again in the body of this present act with like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of ex. else, or any other law or laws now in being, relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who shall have upon the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or who shall have at any time between the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine and the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty in-tlufive, any salary, profits of employments, fees, or pensions in this kingdom, shall during the time aforesaid pay unto his Majesty the full Cum of four shillings fterlinp out of every twenty shillings, which he, she, or they do or shall receive, or be entitled unto, by reason of such salaries, profits of employments, fees, and penGons, over and above the charges and expences of executing said employments; unless such person or persons do or shall live and actually reside within this kingdom for and during the space of three calendar months at lead between the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine and the twenty fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty; which said tax or duty of four shillings ftetling, payable on every twenty shillings within the time aforesaid shall be.flopped and deducted out of such respective salaries, fees, and penGons. during the time and term aforesaid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, pay-mailer or paymasters, and receiver general of his Majesty's revenue, or by such person or persons who is or are to pay the same; and which said tax of four, shillings in the pound, to be flopped and deducted as aforesaid by the person or persons who is or are to pay the said salaries, shall be by him or them paid to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or theiyydcputy or deputies, to be accounted for to his Majesty; ami also that the said tax of four shillings in the pound, to be flopped Vol. XI. 4 O and

sft°

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

ani^ deducted out of the said salaries, profits of employments, fees anil pensions 1775-80. of any person or persons so absent as aforesaid, shall be flopped by the Chap. 2. respective deputy or deputies of such person and persons so absent as aforesaid, and paid by them to die: laid vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted for-to his Majesty; and that such deputy or deputies shall ..within one calendar month, after such tax shall become due, give in upon oath an account before the,lord chief baron, or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any two. justice of the peace, of the net profits of such employment or employments, for. which-.such deputy or deputies is, are, or shall be accountable to their , principals j which account such person or persons to whom the same shall be given . upon oath as aforesaid, shall forthwith fend (o the said vice treasurer or vice trea-: furers, his or their deputy or deputies, ard such deputy or deputies of such person , erpersons so.absent.as aforesaid shall within one calendar month after such account . given.inhqfbrt the chief baron, or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any: two-justices of the peace as aforesaid, pay to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers,; his pptheirdeputy or deputies, the-sum due , and payable to his Majesty for and on . account of the said tax of four lhiHingsjn the pound chargeable, upon the nett pro.; fits of such employment or employments, office or offices; and in case such deputy . or deputies of - the person or persons so absent as aforesaid. shall, omit or neglect to give in upon ojtth.such account, or to pay the fat'd tax, within the respective times . herein before for that purpose appointed, such deputy or, deputies neglectingot . Omitting the fame from the time of such oraiflion or neglect shall be,incapable of

exercising or holding such deputation, and shall also-forfeit thefom of one hundred pounds Itcrling, to be recovered by bill, plaint,.or information.inlbiyof his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin,.one moiety,thereof to the use.of his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall sue for the same, in which suit no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance flnU be allowed.

XXIX. And be it funhet enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fecietjty , or secretaries of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and the agent or agents of the several persons who are entitled to receive any salaries, fees, or pen-. lions upon his Majesty's establishment, lb ah ycspectively on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty deliver iu upon oath

(which

The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George III. 33*

(-.vhich oath the said lord chief baron, or any of the barons of his Majesty's court A.D. of exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, are hereby required and impow- i 779"^' ered to administer) to the belt of- their knowledge a list or account of such of the Chap* a. officers of the revenue, and of the person or persons who are entitled to receive

any such salaries, fees, or pcnlions, who shall have been absent and out of this kingdom for three calendar months within die time aforesaid; and in case such such secretary or secretaries, agent or agents, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such lifts respectively, he or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the said office of secretary or secretaries, or from being agent or agents.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to charge the tax or duty of four shillings fterliflg on every twenty shillings as aforesaid upon the salary, pension, fees, or profits, of employments payable to the defeendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, or to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or to his or their principal secretary, or to prince Ferdinand duke of'

Braufwick, the duke and dutchess of Athol, the right honourable-Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, or George Charles esquire, if his Majesty shall think fit by his sign manual to exempt the said princo Ferdinand duke of Brunswick, the duke and dutchess of Athol, the said lord baron Hawke, and George Charles, or any of them, from the payment of the fame; nor Ball the fame extend to the officers of the army, so far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions j nor shall the fame extend to the half pay officers on the establishment of this kingdom, or the widows of officers.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, '

That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be to officers on payable to, nor be deducted or received by, the vice treasurer or P5!"1'*’ vice%eafurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on ac-tount of the issuing or payment of any sum dr Aims of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of, the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, or of the sum or Aims of money, or any part thereof, which have been raised in pursuance of a vote of the house of commons last session of Parliament, or which shall or may be raised or borrowed, or of any payment to be made in pursuance hereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- 5000l. said, That so much of the produce of all the said duties ariAng "0tra^nof upon teas, as shall amount to the sum of five thousand pounds l«" m:m"-within the time aforesaid, shall in the first place be paid to the

4 O a trustees

-.The nineteenth and, twentieth TeJrs- of, George III.

trafte'es of the hempen and linen manufactures in this kingdom; and that so much of the -residue of the said ’duties upon teas, as shall amount to the sum.-of three- thousand six hundred and

36joi. to fifty- pounds,- shall be placed to the account of- his Majesty's he-

hereditary . revenue, furpjus witH the other duties r to interest.of , loan due 25 Decent-‘ ber 1779,

next.to t- said apRui-.. ties, and in

reditaiy- revenue; and that the'surplus of the produce of such 'duties, together with- the several other duties and aids hereby granted unto,his Majesty,-foal!-in the first place-be applied and paid by the vice treasurer or-vice-treasurers, his.or their deputy ,or;deputies,- to the-discharge of- the-interest of so much of the said several principal sums formerly borrowed as aforesaid, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of-December one thousand-seven hundred-and seventy nine, and in the-next-place to tcreft of ioan - the payment of the -annuities aforesaid, and the expences. which . of.3500001. >shall «r--may be incurred-thereby pursuant to the said several re-,-cited..-acts, and the-’said resolution-of the house of -commons during-foe’last session, and the -provisions herein -after contained, ,-and talfo- to- the discharge of the interest of such-sum or sums,

-not exceeding in the whole the sum of three hundred and-fifty thousand pounds, as shall be raised or borrowed in pursuance of this act, or for which debentures or bills..(lull- be issued -pursuant to - the provisions: herein, before mentioned, and the expences . which shall -or may be incurred thereby in’ the manner, and at -the-.respective^imes, and according- to the.rates of interest herein jbefore mentioned.

continued to /

24 June 1780, tied, An act to explain ana amend an aEi passed in (his fijfm oj Parliament, entitled, 4.n act for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such pcf/ons as shall voluntarilyfubfenbe tc&anls the raying a sum-not exceeding-the sum of two hundred andfxtyfive thousand pounds, shall continue until the twenty fourth -day of June in the year one thousand seven hundred .-and -eighty,-and no surplus to longer-; and-that the surplus or residue of the produce of the loan at fir said dutip -be applied towards the payment of the said principal sums formerly borrowed, carrying an.interest at-the-rate of four pounds -per centum per annum, and; in the next place to the -payment, of the sum of three hundred and , fifty -thousanil pounds to' be raised- or -borrowed this session of - Parliament, or of- so much thereof-as debentures shall b.e ifiucd-for-in pursuance of this. aft.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and further’ EThat so much of the said principal.sums formerly borrowed, as ' shall be'patd1* shall remain due and unpaid on the twenty fourth day of June,

’ meV will* wh!ch shall be in the year of our lord one thousand seven lum-.outdcduc- yj. dred

not to ;loan of . jyojooool. or ’ the deben-, turtihTucd.

Loan due ,24 June 1780,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 333

dred and eighty, as also such sum or sums of money, not ex- A.D. ceeding three hundred and fifty thousand pounds, as shall 'or 1779 j may be raised or borrowed in pursuance of this act, or for which debentures or bills shall be issued pursuant to’ the provisions herein before mentioned, shall be well and truly fiitisfied and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, andafligns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with such interest: for the same as shall be then due at the rate aforesaid without any deduction, defalcation, or abatement whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Separate That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one accou"<?o!

J t appropri-

thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, a separate and distinct ated duties, account shall be kept by the proper officer of the aids, duties, and taxes granted hereby, or by any other act of Parliament now y in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to particular uses; and aliiWts by that the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall return their weekly abstracts from the several collectors to the accountant general; and that the accountant general shall return a separate acwunt'of account of the several duties and taxes lb- appropriated to the i'PP!‘)Pted

ri r t duties by ac-

vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy' or deputies; countant

and that every collector or receiver of the said duties and taxes 6Ufoj,a,’a,e

do take a separate receipt for the fame, when paid into his Ma- rt.l>t:s,ts°by

jesty’s treasury; which laid receipt the vice treasurer or vice trea- vice-trea-

furers, his or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required ^urtrs‘

to give accordingly.

CHAP. III.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful ami loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembicd, being dd'.rous to raise lucti ai.ls and supplies as maybe fuflicicut to support with honour and dignity your Majesty’sgovernment,do huuibly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein iftci mentioned, and Jo bcfeedi your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice ami consent of the lords fpivitual aih! temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand fjvcn hundred and seventy nine, tlieie shall l»e throughout the kingdom of Ireland r..iled, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs ami successors, from the twenty fifth day of December aforesaid, till the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in the year one thousand seven bundled and eighty ineJufive, the fever.il atul rdpetlive matters and things herein after mentioned, which Ih.d! be written or engrossed at any time or times from the said twenty fifth thy of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, ' Vol. XI. A 1* the

334 Tfo nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

the several and respective rates, impofmons, duties, charges, and sums of money herein after expressed, in manner and form following; that is to say, for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment on which any grants or Ietten patent under the great seal of Ireland of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchifs, liberty, or privilege to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplifications of the fame, shall be engrossed or written, (commissions of re. belfion in process always excepted) the sum of three pounds; for every fkiu or piece of vellum or parchment or facet of paper, on which any pardon (except the pardon passed in forma pauperis J of or for any crime or offeiic, or of any sum of money or forfeiture whatsoever, or on which any warrant of reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or other forfeitures, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of three pounds; for every fain or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or faeet of paper, upon which any grant from your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding one hundred pounds, which shall pafsthe great seal of Ireland, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of three pounds; lor every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or for every faeet or piece of paper, upon which any grant of any office or employment, which shall be above the value of fifty pounds per annum, shall be written or engrossed, the sum of three pounds j for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, on which any grant of lands in fee, Jeafe for years, or other grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pafj the great seal of Ireland, or the seal of the exchequer (cttjiodiam leases excepted) shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any presentation or donation, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made by any archbishop or bishop, or any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or fpmtual or ecclesiasticnl pro. motion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year or upwards 1LII be engrossed or written, the sum of two pounds, the value to be afeci rained by the certificate of the archbishop or bishop, or vicar general of the diocese: Provided always, that two or more benefices cpifcopally united, shall be deemed ami taken to be one benefice only; for every skin or piece of vellum or parJiment, or faeet or piece of paper, on which any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or matter of the faculties for the time being, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of six pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, sheet or piece of paper, upon which ;,ny ad million of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, proctor, notary, or other officer or officers In any court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written (except such officer be an annua) officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, or other perquisites) the sum of three pounds} for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any appeal from the court of admiralty or the prerogative court, or from any archiepiscopal court, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of three pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any other court of record whatsoever, shall he engrossed or written, the sum of five flul-ltngs; for every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any writ of covenant for levying a fine, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings ami six pence; for every piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any writ of entry for suffering a common recovery shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings and six pence; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, upon which any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment or piece of paper, upon which any decree or difnitf* fion made by or in the court of chancery or exchequer shall be engrossed or written

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 335

ten the sum of six pence; for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or A.D. (beet or piece of paper, upon which any institution that shall pass the foal of 1779-80. any archbishop or bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or ecclesiastical court what- Chap. 3. soever, fh.ili be engrossed or written the sum of five shillings: Provided that an infiitution to two or more benefices episcopally united shall be considered as to a fmglc benefice \ for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any writ of error, certiorari or appeal, (except to the delegates) shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings; as also for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper upon which any writ of habeas corpus shall be engrossed or written, the sum of one shilling; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece of paper, upon which any sentence, that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or upon which any attachment shall be made out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation of any such attachment, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings \ for every (kin or piece of vetlum or parchment, (beet or piece of paper, upon which any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of five shillings; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, (licet or piece of paper, upon which any recognizances conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants or agreements,

(butte finple, or statute merchant, shall be engrossed or written, or entered of record in any court or office, the sum of five shillings; except such recognizances as shall be entered into by persons applying for licences to fell by retail beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be con* fidcred as bonds, and shall pay six pence only; for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any record of nisi prius or pofi/ay shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings and fix pencefor every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the mailer of any office, or his deputy, or secondary, or by any pro-thonotary, or his secondary, deputy, or clerk*, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts at the city of Dublin, who have power or usually do or shall sign judgments, a duty after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every judgment engrossed or written on such (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or iheet of paper; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (beet of paper, upon which any commission i (Tiling out of any ecclesiastical court, not herein otherwise particularly charged, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of two shillings and six pence } for every ikin or piece of velium or parch, meat, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty shall be engrossed or written (except in suits for the payment of seamen’s wages) the sum of two shillings and six pence j for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any special bail to be taken in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any other court whatsoever, fiiail be engrossed or written, and for every piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any appearance upon such special bail, the sum of one shilling j for every piece of parchment,.vellum, or paper, upon which any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and upon which any appearance, that shall be made upon such bail, shall be engrossed or written* the sum of six pence 5 for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, upon which shall be engrossed or written any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depofirions taken by commissioners, or any other pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, the sum of one shilling \ for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and for every fiieet or piece of paper, upon which any admission into any corporation or company shall be eagroiVed or written, the sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any affidavit fiiail be engrossed or written (except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of your Majesty's enstoms or excise, or any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of A 1’ 2 any

336 The nineteenth and twentieth fears of George III.

A.D. any corporation acting as a justice of the peace, or acting in any court of con-2779-80. fc*ence or of summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize, or commission Chap. 3. °?er and terminer relative to prosecutions or trials on indi£hnents, or to civil \*-*~y-*+j bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of railing or accounting for publick money, and except affidavits made relative to the hempen and flaxen manufacture, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or affidavits made before the Dublin society, the sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of parchment, cr sheet or piece of paper, upon which any copy of such affidavit as is herein before charged, that shall be filed or read in any court whatsoever, shall be engrotTed or written, the sum of six pence; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fhcct of paper, upon which shall be engrafted or written any indenture, lease, or deed poll, not hereby otherwise charged (except indentures for binding poor parish, or other poor children supported by publick or private charities apprentices) the sum of one shilling; for every (kin or piece of vellum, parchment, or piece or fltcet of paper, upon which any original writ (except such original upon which a writ of copies issues) JubpxMy writ of capias quomwus, writ of &-(limitspotejlatcm to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall issue out of or paf$ the seals of any of the court* in the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, shall be engrafted or written, the sum of six pence j for every skin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any entry of any action in the mayor's and (herifis courts of the city of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process, or mandate issue, holding pica where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, shall be engrafted or written, the sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (licet or piece of paper, upon which any rule or order, (except in canfes prosecuted upon in* distments, or which relate to presentments) made or given in any of the courts at the city of Dublin, either courts of law or equity, which shall be taken out, shall be engrafted or written, the sum of six pence; for evevy ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fiieet or piece of paper, upon which any copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate ti presentments entered, or the copies of any other records or proceedings in any of the* said couTts at the city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged, shall be engrafted or written, die sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper, upon which shall be engrafted or written any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence, or final decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or the court of admiraltyi or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be cii-. grafted or written, (except in suits for recovery of seamen’s wages) the sum of six pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment,* or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any charter party, policy of assurance, passport, bond, rclrease, contract, or other obligatory instrument, or any protest, piocuration, letter of attorney, or any other notarial aft whatsoever shall be engrafted or written, the sum of six pence; for every (ldn or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece cr sheet of paper, upon which any declaration, pica, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever in any court ofiaw, shall be engrafted or written, the sum of one penny; for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, piece or sheet of paper upon which any copy thereof shall be written or engrafted, the sum of one penny; for every fktn or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper, upon which any depositions taken in the court of chancery or court of ex* chequer (except the paper drafts of depnfitions taken by virtue of any commuliutt before they are engrafted) which arc not herein before charged, or upon which 5 *')’

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 337

any copy of any biM, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatory,. A. J), JcpoGtions, or any other proceedings whatsoever in any court of equity, shall be en- j jyj_80. grofled or written, the sum of one penny; for every stein or piece of vellum or (JJjap, j. parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which a copy, attested by the proper y_. —y— officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical court, of any will shall be en-grolTed or written, the sum of one penny; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, upon which Stall be engrossed or written any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs or duties for or in respect of the refiiipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, which at any time or times from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven 1

seven hundred and eighty inclusive shall be exported, or shipped to Jie exported, from the kingdom of Ireland for any parts beyond the seas, to be paid by the person for whose benefit or at whose instance such debenture or certificate shall be obtained, the sum of four pence; for every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time less than'a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any one (licet or piece of paper only, the sum of one penny; for every other almanack or calendar for any one particular year the sum of two pence.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any calendar or perpetual almanack in any bible or common prayer book, or to charge any other calendar or almanack with more than the duty, that would be payable by this act for such other calendar'or almanack, in cafg it were made (or three years only.

III. Provided that for every printed almanack or calendar, made to serve for several years, the respective rates aforesaid shall be paid for every such year; for all papers containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, a duty of one halfpenny for every sheet and piece of paper less than a (licet, on which such news, intelligence, or occurrences, shall be printed; for every pamphlet or paper not exceeding (ix (beets in octavo, or in a Idler page, or not exceeding twelve llicets in quarto, or twenty sheets in folio, so printed, a duty after the rate of one shilling (terling for every sheet of any kind of paper, which shall be contained in one printed copy or impression thereof; for every advertisement to he contained in or published with any gazette, news paper, or journal, to be published weekly or oftner, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time, the sum of two pence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deed, inurement, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable consideration for or upon the loss of any ship, vessel, goods, wages, money, cITcfts, or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss whatsoever, or for or upon any life or lives, shall be condrued, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of assurance within the meaning of this act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing, between the captain or mailer, or owner of any ship or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, wares, mctchandizes, or eflcfts, laden, or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party within the meaning of this act.

VI. And for preventing abusescommitted by arrefiing penous without any writ or legal process to justify die fame, by means whereof die duty, hereby given to the crown upon such process, will be loll, be it further enacted by the audiority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine every officer or clerk belonging, or that shall hereafter belong, to the court of king’s bench, common pleas, or exchequer,

VOL. XI 4 who

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

who shall sign any writ or process before judgment, to arrest aqy person or persons. thereupon, shall at the signing thereof set down upon such writ or process the day and year of the signing the fame; which shall be entered upon the remem, brance roll, or in the book where the abstratt of such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every offence or negied of such officer or clerk aforesaid; to be recovered by any person who Drill sue for the fame in any court of record of your Majesty, your heirs or successors, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no wager of law, protection, or essoign, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, all books and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack, by whatsoever name or names entitled or defetibed, are and shall be charged with the duty imposed By this act on almanacks, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained shall not extend to charge any bills of exchange, accounts, bills of parcels, bills of fees, or any bills or note (not sealed) for payment of money at fight, or upon dc* mand, or at the end of certain days of payment.

IX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to charge the probate of any will or letters of administration of any common seaman or fob dicr, who shall be (Iain or die in your Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding officer of the troop or company under whom such seaman gr soldier served at the time of his death, and oath (or if by a quaker a solemn affirmation) shall be made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or officer, by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted, which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, and for which no fee or reward shall be taken.

X. Provided also, That none of the rates, duties, or sums of money, before In this aO: expressed, shall be raised, levied, collected, or paid, or be payable unto your Majesty by virtue of this act, by any person or persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis, so far as relates to the suit, in which he or they shall be so admitted to sue or defend.

XI. Provided also, That this act, or any clause therein contained, dial) not be construed to charge with any duty any warrant made by, or recognizances taken before any justice or justices of the peace, or any proceedings of any courtmartial which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrants, recognizances, and proceedings, shall and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment of any of th:c duties before mentioned in this act.

XII. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to charge any acts of Parliament, proclamation, order of council, forms of prayer and thanksgiving, or any acts of state, which shall be ordered by your Majesty, your heirs or successors, or by die lord' lieutenant, or other chief governor, or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being,' to' be printed, or the printed votes, or other matters which arc or shall be ordered to be printed by cither house of Parliament, with any of the said duties on pamphlets or news papers, or to charge any books commonly used in any of the Tchools of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, wi»h the said duties on pamphlets, or to charge any single advertisement printed by itself, or the daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, or the weekly bills of 'mortality (so ns such accounts or bills do contain no other ' matters, than what have been usually comprized therein) with any the duties aforesaid; any thing herein'contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further fcnatted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better ' and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying unto your Majesty, your heirs and

successorc,

338

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 3.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.! 333

successors, the several and respective dutieshereby granted, it; shall and may be.IaW- fe4 J) ful for your Majesty, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this j jjg-8o. kingdom for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint such per- Chap. 3. fons, as your Majesty, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors C—-y——/ of this kingdom for the time being, shall think lit, to be commissioners or officers fot the stamping and marking of parchment, vellum, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon; and that the commissioners so to be. appointed, shall keep their head office in some convenient place within the city of Dublin: And the said commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered under their hands and seals to appoint such other inferior officers with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for the marking or stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, or for the better collecting or levying the duties hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as they in their discretion shall think proper.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several commissioners and officers for the stamping or marking vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, appointed by his excellency the late lord lieutenant in pursuance of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An all fir granting to his Majesty, kit htin andsuccessers, several duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, and also by one other act, passed in the session of Parliament holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to hit Mafefey, kit heirs and successers, several duties upon Jiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and also by one other act holden in the seventeemh and eighteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled. An all fir granting unto his Majesty, his heirs and successers, several duties upon Jiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and the several inferior officers appointed by the said commissioners in pursuance of the said acts, as also such other commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance of this act, for the more effectual levying the several duties hereby granted continue to act in the fcvctal offices to which they have been or shall be so appointed, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the fame reltriflions and limitations, as are mentioned in the said recited acts, or one of them, unless they shall be sooner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, or by the said commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several types, marks, or (lamps, already provided by the said commissioners for the several and respective duties granted by the said recited act, shall coutinuc to be used for the stamping and impressing of all vellum, parchment, and paper, on which any of the several and respective things herein before charged shall be engrossed or written; and that the said types, marks, or (lamps, or any of them, shall or may be altered, or renewed from time to time, as your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit, so as publick notification thereof be given by proclamation, to be issued under the great seal of Ireland, a convenient time before the said types, marks, or (lamps, shall be altered or renewed, to the cud that all perfous may have due notice thereof. And that all courts of justice and judges whatsoever shall without any allegation or proof oil that behalf take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and stamp9, heretofore appointed by virtue of the said recited acts, and of all types, marks, and (lamps, which shall or may be hereafter published by virtue of any proclamation or proclamations, which shall or may be issued as and for the true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps, to be made use of in pursuance of this act.

4

XVI. At d

34 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of Georgii III.

A.D.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissi-1779-80. oners w providing types, marks, and stamps from time to time shall take care. Chap# 3. t^e5r contrived, that the impression thereof may be durable, and that the fame may be Least liable to be forgedor counterfeited.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners heretofore constituted or hereafter to be constituted by your Majesty, your heirs or successors, or by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being as aforesaid, shall and may from time to time, as they shall see occasion, appoint a fit person to attend in any court or office to rake notice of the vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid shall be engrossed, written, or put, and of the marks or stanipj thereupon, and of all other matters and things tending to secure your Maj city's duties arising by this act; and that the judges in the several courts, in such others to whom it may appertain, at the request or requests of the said commissioners, or of any two or more of them, shall make such orders in (lie sespective courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalf; and that every commissioner and other officer hereafter to be appointed, before he proceed* to the execution of this act, shall take the oath following, that is to say:

T. A.B. do fivear, that I will faithfully execute the trust reptfed in m pursuant to av ttS of Parliament, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, without fraud or concealment, and will front time to time true account mole of my doings therein, and ddi-verthe fame to such person or persons, as his Majesty, his heirs orfuccejfort, or the hi lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, hd appointed, or hereof er shall appoint, to receive such account, and noil/ take no fee, reward, or profit for the execution or performance of the said trust, or the bijiness relating thereunto, from any person or persons, other than such as shall be allowed by his Ala-je/ly» his heirs or successors, or by fime other person or persons fir that purple authorized by his Majesty, or by the lord lieutenant er other ehuf governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

And such oath shall and may be administered to any such commissioner or commissioners by' any two or more of the fame commissioners, whether they have taken the fame previously or not; and any of the said commissioners, or any justice of the peace within the kingdom of Ireland, shall and may ndminister the like oath to any subordinate officer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, and other officers heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be employed, or intruded by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time to time in and for the better execution of their several places and trusts obferye and perform such rules, methods, and orders, as they Tefpeftivdy have received or shall receive from time to time from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being; and that the said commissioners shall take special care, that the several pars* of this kingdom from time to time be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parch' ment, and paper, stamped or marked as aforesaid, so as your Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be cro-ployed by the said commissioners at the usual or most common rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper to be stamped a> aforesaid, of to furniffi themselves or others that dial) have done the same.

XIX. And to the end that your Majesty may not be defrauded of any of the du-tics hereby granted, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all records, writs, pleadings, and other proceedings, in courts of law and equity, and all deeds, iuftvuments, and writings whatsoever, hereby charged, Hull be engroflctl 6 . or

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 341

or written in such manner, as they have been usually accustomed to be written, or A.D. erenow written. ' 1779-80.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all writings, mat- Chap. 7. ters, and things, in respect whereof any of the said duties shall be payable, and which shall be engrossed or written after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall be written in such manner, that fomepart thereof shall be either upon, or as near as conveniently may be, to the (lamps or marks, which shall in pursuance of this act be placed ofl the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the same shall be written or engrossed, upon pain that the person who shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engroffedi any such writing, matter, or thing contrary to the tenor and true meaning hereof,

shall for every such offence forfeit the Aim of ten pounds, with full coils of suit.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby intended to be charged with the several and respective duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the bead office aforesaid to be stamped and marked; and the said commissioners and officers are hereby required upon' demand of the person or persons so bringing the same forthwith without fee or reward to stamp or mark any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or officers, as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respective duties hereby directed to be paid for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be arrested from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, by any writ, bill, or process issuing out of any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, and the sheriff or other officer foall take bail from such person, against whom such writ, bill, or process is taken out, the sheriff or other officer at the request and colls of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or his lawful attorney, Dial! assign to the plaintiff in such action the bail bond, or other security taken from such bail, by emlorfing the fame, and attdling it under his hand and seal, in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, which may be done without any damp, provided the assignment so endorsctl, be duly damped before any action be brought thereupon; and also that from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thou-fmd seven hundred and feveuty nine, all sheriffs and other officers having authority to grant replevins, when and as often as it foall become necessary for such focriff or other officer to assign any bond of any plaintiffin replevin to the avowant, such assignment may be made without any stamp, provided the assignment so made be duly stamped before any action brought thereupon.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any commissioner or other officer, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such mark or (lamp to any vellum, parchment, or paper, before the several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be paid to your Majesty's use, he shall for every such' offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors,* and the other moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same in any of your Majesty's courts of record.

XXIVr. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons hath or have engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, at any time fiuce the commencement of the said recited acts, or foall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things, for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper was chargeable by the said recited acts, or is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper hath been or shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there was nor

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

or shall net be feme (lamp or mark resembling the fame, or hath or have engrossed p or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment or paper, that hath been or shall be damped or marked for any lower duty, than the duty by the said recited acts or this act payable for what hath been or shall be so engrossed or written, then and in every such case there shall be duly answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs or successors, over and above the duty aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds; and no such record, deed, instrument, or writing shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty as the said sum of ten pounds shall be firA paid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's olK-cers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing, hath been or shall be written or made, shall be marked or Aamped with' a lawful mark or (lamp; and the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty and sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark or Aiimp the said vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or (lamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said velltint, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not be Come (lamp or mark resembling the fame, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or Aamped for any lower duty, than the duty by this act payable for what shall be so engrossed or written; such person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five poumls) one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ill case any clerk, officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office or employment is or shall be entitled r.r intruded to make, engross, or write any records, deeds, inflruinents, or writings, by this act charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any fraud or practice to deceive your Majesty of any duty by this act payable by making, engrossing, or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or writing, or by casing the same to be made, engrossed, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon which there shall not be some damp or mark rcfcmbling the fame, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or Aamped with any mark or stamp, which he shall know to be counterfeited, cr by wilfully engrossing or writing any such deed, instrument, or other writing, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be marked or Aamped for a lower duty as aforesaid, then every such clerk, officer, or person so guilty of any such fraud or practice, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future; and if any attorney belonging to any court whatsoever shall wilfully be guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practice as an attorney.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, either the whole or any part of any matter or thing, in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been before engrossed, written, or printed, any other matter or thing, in respect

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

TCfpeft whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been again marked or stamped according to this act, or shall T fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the name or names of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or other thing engrossed, written or printed in such instrument, writing, matter, or thing as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off any mark or stamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such stamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then so often, ami in every such case, every person so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint as often as your Majesty, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit to alter or renew the said marks or (lamps, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all persons, who shall at that time have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the mark or (lamp which shall have been so altered Or renewed, upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, at any time within the space of sixty days after such intention of renewing or altering shall be published by proclamation as aforesaid, to bring or fend such vellum, parchment, or paper unto the said commissioners to the head office in the city of Dublin, or to such other officers appointed as aforesaid; and the said commissioners and officers respectively are hereby required to deliver, ov cause to be delivered, unto the several perform, frho shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or piper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, dr paper, and as good in quality, damped with such new (lamp or mark, without demanding or taking directly cr imlircclly for the fame any sum of money ot other consideration whatsoever, under thfc penalty of forfeiting for every offence one hundred pounds; to be sued far, recovered, and divided, in such manner as the other penalties in this act ate directed to be sued for, recovered, and divided \ and in case any person shall neglect or refuse within the time aforesaid to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said commiftoners and officers as aforesaid, ai^such vellum, parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of uo other effect or use, than if it had never been stamped; and (hat all matters or things, which shall after that time be engrossed or written thereon, shall be of no other efieft, than if they had been engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped at allj and all persons, who shall engross or write any of the matters or things hereby charged on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall forfeit and suffer, as herein before is enacted for persons w riting or engrossing cr vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority afore-hid, That as often as your Majesty, your heirs or successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall tluuk (it to alter the said (lamps, or any of them, the proclamation, which is hereby intended to be made for the giving all persons due notice thereof, shall within twenty days after the date thereof be sent to the mayor, chief magistrate, or other head officer of every city, corporation, borough, and market town throughout the kingdom of I/rind} which officers respectively Dial) cause the same to be published to the in-ydtants of such city, corporation, borough, or town, cither on the next market day, or next Sunday in the church immediately after the time of divine fer-\ice> upon pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds $ to be sued for by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majesty's courts* of record at Dublin, wherein no effbign, protection, wager of law, privilege, ox more than 4 K 2 °«c

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; the one moiety of which forfeiture

XXX. And for the better distribution of the said vellum, parchment, and paper, and that your Majesty's subjects may have the fame with more convenience, and at an easy rate, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord lieutenant, or Other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall once in every year at lead set the prices of all forts of damped vellum, parchment, or paper, at which the same shall be fold; and that the said commissioners for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall (lamp the said price so set upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (licet or piece of paper, so by them to be sold; and that the said commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person, that shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper, to the fetid head office to be stamped in pursuance of this act, die dudes whereof hereby imposed shall amount to the sum of ten pounds or upwards, after the rate of six pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for six months, upon present payment of the said duty upon the said vellum, parchment, or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons, who (hai( buy of the said commissioners or their agents vellum, or parchment, or paper, at the head office for stamping the fame, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of ten pounds or upwards, shall have the fame allowance for present payment.

XXXI. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, which shall have been stamped or marked, and shall have paid the duties granted by virtue of the said recited acts, shall and may be used for the purposes thereby intended, without any additional (lamp, mark, or duty, any tiling in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And for the better collecting and fecuting the duties hereby charged on pamphlets, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one printed copy of every such pamphlet, which from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, shall be printed or published within the city of Dublin, shall within the (pace of six days after the printing thereof be brought to the said head office for marking or ftajpjing of vellum, parchment, and paper, and the title thereof, with the number of (beets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall be regidered in or entered in a book to be there kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlet; and that one printed copy of every such pamphlet, that shall be printed or publtflied in any place, not being within the city of Dublin, la(l before mentioned, shall within the (pace of fourteen days after the printing thereof be brought to some head collector of the said stamp duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of (beets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, which duty flu! be thereupon paid to such collector, who shall thereupon give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such pamphlet shall be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged thereon shall not be duly paid, and the title and number of sheets thereof shall not be regidered, and a receipt fer such duty given on one copy thereof, within the respective times herein before for these several purposes limited, then the printer and publishcr, and all other persons concerned in or about the printing or publiflung of such pamphlet, shall for every such oflence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

4

XXXIV. Ana

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 345

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no printer A. Dw or any other person or persons whatsoever, shalt pubUfli any news paper, intelli* 1779-80. gence, or occurrences, or any paper serving the purpose of a news paper, intelli- Qhap. j, gjnce, or occurrences, before he or they shall have entered into security for the payment of the duty on advertisements, which shall be printed therein or thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending herein shall for every such offence Torfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever shall sell or expose to fate any such pamphlet, or any news paper, without the true respective name or names, and place or places of abode* of feme known person or persons, by or for whom the fame was really and truly printed or published, written, or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer appointed for distributing damped vellum, parchment, or paper in this kingdom,

shall fell or deliver any damped paper for printing any publick news, intelligence, or occurrences to any person, unless such person shall give security to the said officer for the payment of the duties for the advertisements, which shall be printed therein or thereupon.

XXXVII. And in regard of the uncertainty how many copies of the said primed news papers may be fold, and to the intent the duties hereby granted thereupon may not be lessened by printing a lesser number, than may be fold, out of fear of loss thereby in printing more such copies than may happen to be sold, it is hereby provided, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners for managing the said stamp duties, or the major part of them, or the head officer appointed for the time being in that behalf, shall and may cancel or cause to be cancelled all the damps upon the copies of any impression of such news paper, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or published; and upon oath or oaths (or if by a quaker upon fulemn affirmation) made before the said commissioners, or any one of them, or such head officer, to the satisfaction of such commissioners nr head officer, that all such copies containing the damps, so tendered to be cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the fame were printed or published, and that none of the said copies have been fraudulently returned or rebought, after the same shall hare been sold or disposed of, or any profit or advantage made thereof, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any one of them, and the said head officers respectively, are hereby authorized to administer, and to examine upon oath or affirmation into all circumstances relating to the felling or disposing of such printed copies, shall and may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other fliects, half (hects,or lets pieces of paper, properly damped with the fame respective damps, upon payment made for such paper; but no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, it shall be lawful for all persons, who shall at any time have in their custody or possession any damped vellum, parchment, or paper written or engrossed, which shall be inadvertently and undesignedly fpoded, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, before the fame is executed by any party or parties, and which in cither case shall not have been used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other consideration paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person, employed to transafit

Vol. XL 4 S the

46 The nineteenth mul'twentieth T’eitrs of Qt'to'l'g'e III,

A.D. *bc bufinef-’ intended to have been carried into execution by such Writing or’engrolT-j jjy,go# ment, or to the writer or engroffer thereof, for the duty ordutics marked, flarrip:<I( fillup. n. or inipressed thereon, to bring or fend such stamped vellum, piirchfnctit, 'or paper, —r^J unto the said commissioners of the stamp duties at their head 'office in Dublin; and upon oath (or if hv a quaker upon solemn affirmation) mhde tb the Tatis-fallion of the said commissioners, (which oath or affirmation the TaiH coiwniffio:* ers are, or any one of them i$, hereby authorized to administer) that such stampei vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, or spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath not beta executed by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, and that no money or other consideration hath btci paid or given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, (favc and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to the said commissioners, or the receiver general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to col* led and receive the same) the said commissioners are hereby required to (lamp and mark, or cause to be stamped and marked, for the feverat persons, who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed Upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several and respective duties, stamped, marked, or imprCfted, on the vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking directly or indtreflly for the fame any fom of money or other consideration whatsoercr; end the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties for the time being are hereby impowered from rime to time to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods and limiting the times for such cancelling and allowance as aforefii.l with respect to such news papers and other matter:., as they shall upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances find neceslhry or convenient for the dice* tual securing the duties thereon, and doing justice to tire persons concerned therein.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners and other officers for managing the stamp duties shall and may deliver to any person, by or for whom any almanack or almanacks (hallbc printed, paper marked or stamped according to the true intent and meaning hereof for the printing such almanack or almanacks upon his or her giving sufficient fccuiity to pay the amount of the duties hereby charged therein within the space of three months after such delivery; and that the said commissioners and officers, upon bringing to them any number of the copies of such almanacks within the space of three months from the said delivery, and request to him or them in that behalf mad;, shall cancel all the (lamps upon such copies, and abate to such person so much of the money due upon such security, as such cancelled (lamps shall amount to.

XL. Provided always, That where any almanack shall contain more than one (beet of paper, it shall be sufficient to (lamp only one of the (beets or pieces of paper, upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the doty accordingly.

XLT. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fe-ventyninc, in case any person or persons shall fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to falc any almanack or calendar, or any news pajicr, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed, or construed to be, or (erring the purpose of an almanack Or a news paper within the intention and meaning of this att, not being stamped ot marked as by this att is directed, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings; to he recovered in a furtimary way before any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorized to hear arid determine the fame; and upon due proof and default of payment of the said penalty to commit the offender

to

5the niifeiietHb drid'tweritieth Years rof George III. 347

co'p'riToh for any time iiot exceeding one month without bail or 'mainprize, ivliich D*

said penalty shall be'to the sole use and benefit of the person or perfdhs who shall

without fraud or covin flrfb sue for the Tame. ‘Chap,3-

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and Teventy‘nine.

Ml and every person and persons, who fhr.II print or publish, or cause to be printed or publiflutd, any ailvcrtisement or advertisements in nnv pamphlet, news paper, or other literary performance, shall within the fp.ice of forty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisements pay, or cause to be paid, ihe duty or duties thereon hereby charged to the respective persons appointed o receive the same, or to their respective deputies or clerics, the duties for all such advertisements as shall be so printed or published within the city of Dublin, ami to the next adjacent head officer for the time being, appointed for the collection of the find stamp duties, the said duties hereby charged for and upon all such advertisements as aforesaid, which shall be printed or published in any place out of the limits of the said city; and the commissioners and officers last mentioned, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon 5 and in default of such payment within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer or publishcr of every such advertisemcrit shall be liable to pay treble the duties before by this act chargeable thereupon, to lie recovered with full colb of suit.

XLMI. Anil b'e it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or ersons whatsoever shall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge any type, nrirk, or stamp, to resemble any type, mark, or stamp, provided and used by virtue of the said recited acts, or which shall be provided, made, or isfed in pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impieflion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to he llimpcd, thereby to defraud yoiirWajesty, your heirs and successors, of any of the duties hereby granted, or shall titter, vend, or fell any vcllmt, pirehment, or paper; with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing fticlimark or iaiprcfiion to lie counterfeited, then every such person so oflciiding, and being thereof coniifttd in <1 lie form of law, shall lie judged a felon, and dull fuller death as in cifis of felony without the benefit of clergy.

XMV. And be it further ciufted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall ami may be lawful to anil for your Majesty, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of litis kingdom for the time being, out of the duties arising liy this act to cause such sum ami fiims of money to be expended and paid from time to time for fuldrics arid other incident charges, as shall he necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the said duties; any thing In tills ail coiitdined to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xl.V. And De It futthbr enacted by the authority aforesaid; That all and every the oilicer amt officers, who shall be concerned in the levying, collectfng, anil receiving the iidties anting by this act, fli-ill keep fepirite and distinct accounts thereof} timi that thefcvera! pci Tons, employed to collect and levy the sali! duties iii (he city of county of iiubliii, shall pay the same in fp'ccie into your Majesty's ireasury on Ihc flfft Monday in every month, unless it he a holiday, and tlitn the heit day aftft which shall not he a ludyday; ami the fcycral persons, employed 16 levy and collect the hid duties in other parts of this kingdom, shall pay the same in like manner to the several collectore of the inland ex-rife of the respective districts, in which the same shall be received and coIlcfteJ; which said collectW are hereby authorized and required to receive, and give rc-uipts for the fame, without fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof;

1 cviuy (lamp officer shall in six days after his making any payment into your Majesty's

£48 ,; The nbuteenthand -twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

Majesty's treasury, or to any of the said collcGors, give notice of the amount of j jygSo. such payments to the commissioners of stamps; and if the said officers, or any of ('hap. them, shall neglect or refiife to pay the same at the time or in manner aforesaiil, or

- shall detain all or any part of the monies by them collected and received, then

for such o.Tencehe or they shall be dismissed from his or their employment, and be 'rendered incapable to serve your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and be charged with interest for the monies so detained in their hands, after the rate of twelve pounds fir centum per annum.

XIVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for the receiver general of the said duties to retain in his hands such sum, not exceeding one month’s produce of the said duties, as he shall so receive, to answer the necessary demands of the said office.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there Dial! "be provided and kept in your Majesty's treasury one book, in which all monies, that (hall'be.paid into the treasury by virtue of this 4ft, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all'other monies paid or payable to your Majesty upon any account vhatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nous of the duties granted by this act (half be received or collected by, or paid to the said commissioners of stamps; and that the several persons, who shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act granted, shall and are hereby required once in every year during the continuance of this act to exhibit their respective accounts Thereof to the commissioners for taking imprell accounts for the time being, who shall and are hereby from time to time respectively authorized and required to examine upon oath the said persons accountants, who shall be employed in raising, receiving, or collecting the said duties, what sum or sums of money was or were by thenvor any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the receipt of your Majesty's treasury, or to the collcGors of the inland excise as aforesaid, and in making the said accounts to and before the said commissioners they are to produce proper vouchers for any sum or sums of money, To by them raised, received, and paid, and the' said commissioners of impressed accounts are hereby authorized and required fi-n'aliy to adjust and settle the said accounts, and to' give discharges to the said several accountants.

' "XLIX. 'And'bc'it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the accounts of the money received for the fevetal duties shall have been so audited, the same shall be signed by the said commissioners of accounts, and shall be at all Times to the said officers therein concerned a full and sufficient warrant and discharge to ail intents and purposes.

' ’Ll And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties incurred by this act, unless Otherwise directed by this act, may be recovered by any person, who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither the lit pence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to or deducted or received by the vice treasurer or vice tfeafurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of thepells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for their own use, or for or on account of the bluing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted to your Majesty, or of any pay-Tnent to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be duly received and accounted for to your Majesty, your heiis and successors.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

349

A.D. 1779.80.

CHAP. IV.

An Act for the Advancement of the Trade of this Kingdom. WHEREAS it is deemed reasonable and for the advancement of trade,

and encouragement of manufacture, that all goods and merchandize the product or manufacture of (his kingdom, which may by law be exported directly from this kingdom to any of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coalt of Africa, should Hand chargeable with and pay duties to the fame amount, and no more, and be exported thither upon the fame terms in respect of duties as goods and merchandize of the fame denomination and quality, the product or manufacture of Great Britain, exported thence to any of the said places, are now subject to or (land chargeable with, except as herein after excepted: and whereas no subsidy or duty is now payable in Great Britain on any goods or merchandize the product or manufacture of Great Britain upon their being exported thence to any of the said places, except upon allum, lead, lead ore, tin, leather tanned, copperas, coals, wool cards, white woollen cloths, tapis calaminaris, skins of all forts, glew, coney hair or wool, hare’s wool, hair of all forts, horses, and litharge of lead: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with tire advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, the several and respective customs, fublidics, and ali other duties whatsoever payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by any law now in force upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes the product or manufacture of this kingdom shall cease and determine, and be no longer due, or payable for so much of the said goods and merchandizes, as shall during said time be exported directly from this kingdom to any of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, or any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, except the several goods and merchandizes of the fame denomi. nation and quality as those herein before mentioned, whereon the subsidy or duty payable in Great Britain upon their export thence to any of the said places is dill payable; that is to say, allum, lead, lead ore, tin, leather tanned, copperas, coals, wool cards, white woollen cloths, lapis calamvuiris. skins of all forts, glew, coney hair or wool, hare’s wool, hair of all forts, horses, and litharge of lead, and also except amber grease, allies, bacon, beef, bones not manufactured, candles, butter, live cattle of all forts, chcefe, dye fluff of all forts, furs of all kinds, greaves, grease, guts, Iing’s lard, hoops, hops, horn, or tips of horns not manufactured, kelp, linen rags and (breads, linen yarn, okcr, oars of all forts, pork, provisions of all forts, except fish, corn, meal, malt, flour and grain of all forts, when the prices thereof exceed those, on or below which a bounty is payable on export by any law or laws now in force in this kingdom, rape cakes, threads or points of teacher, soap, foaper’s waltc, (laves, tallow, tongues, tin unwrought, weld, wax, and woad, bar iron, flit, rolled, or plated iron, or manufactured iron ware, vellum and parchment, and kid's hair.

!. And be it fm tiler enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons during the time aforesaid to export out of any port in this kingdom to any of the said places all such goods and merchandize, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, as may now be lawfully exported thereto without paying any fuhlidy or other duty whatsoever other than for the go.'.!, or merchandize herein before particularly enumerated and excepted, so as

due

4

350 'The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George I'll.

A.D. 'due entry be first made thereof at the custom-house of the port, where the same shall 1779-80. exPorted, in the same manner, and expressing the quantities and qualities of the respective goods, as was used and practised in respect of any goods exported before the making of this act, and so as the fame be (hipped’by the proper officer for that purpose, and so as the exporter do fir it make oath before the customer, comptroller, or collector of such port (which oath lie is hereby impowered and required to ad* minister) that the said goods are of Irish manufacture or product, and do also give -sufficient security by bond in a penalty of the value of the goods to such coUcttur, comptroller, or customer (which security any such officer is hereby impowered to take in the name and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors) conditioned that the said goods shall be landed in one of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, or one of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, danger of the seas and capture by any enemy only excepted j and upon certificate being brought to such officer within eighteen mouths under the hand of the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs at the port where the same shall be landed in the British plantations in America, or the West Indies, or in any settlement belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, or under the hands and seals of two known merchants then being at such port, or of the governor or person presiding at such settlement, importing that such goods or merchandizes were there landed, and testifying the landing thereof, or upon proof upon oath (to be administered as aforesaid) by one credible witness, that such goods were there landed, or perished at sea, or were taken by the enemy, (the examination and proof thereof being left to the collector or other officer,) the said bond shall be delivered to the exporter, or his or her order, to be cancelled without fee or reward 5 and on failure of any of the said requisites the said goods shall be liable to the payment of said duties, ns if this act had not been made.

III. And whereas several allowances arc given in Great Britain Upon the exportation thence to any of the said places of British manufactures, particularly those made of silk, or silk mixed, in the nature of a drawback of or compensation for the high duties payable there on the importation of raw and thrown silk: and whereas high duties are likewise payable in this kingdom upon the importation of raw and thrown silk, and it seems just and reasonable, that allowances of the fame nature fhotild be likewise given upon the exportation from hence to any of the said places of any manufacture made in this kingdom of silk, or silk mixed with any other material than wool or cotton, bearing such proportion to the allowances given in Great Britain upon the like articles as the duties upon the importation of raw and thrown silk here bear to the duties payablein Great Britain upon the importation ofrawar.d thrown silk there: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several and respecthe allowances or Turns of money hereafter in this act expressed shall be paid to any person or persons, who at any time or times between the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall really and truly export cut of this kingdom to any of the places aforesaid byway of merchandize any of the goods or commodities of the manufacture of this kingdom herein after particularly specified, and so in proportion for any greater or Iefs quantity, (that is to f.iy) for all ribbands and stuffs made in Ireland of silk only, exported as aforesaid, the fumofouc shilling and seven pence for every pound weight avoirdupois > for all filksaml ribbands made in Ireland of silk mixed with gold or hiver, and exported as aforesaid, the sum of two. shillings and three half pence for every pound weight avoirdudoife; for all silk (lockings, silk gloves, silk fringes, silk laces, ditching or sewing silk, made in Ireland, and exported us aforesaid, the sum of eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all stuffs made in Ireland of silk mixed with any other material than wool or cotton, and exported as aforesaid, the sum of six pence firthing for every pound weight avoirdupois *, for all wrought or manufactured gold or silver

plate

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 351

plate made in Ireland, and exported as aforesaid, the Cum of six pence for every A.D. ounce troy weight: which several and respective allowances or sums of money for j yyg-8o. each species of silk manufacture, or manufacture of silk mixed and wrought, or m.i* 4,

uufactured gold or silver thread, shall be paid and answered by the collector or uffi- 1^— cer of the port, from whence the fame shall be exported, upon demand without taking fee or reward for the fame on oath being made by the exporter before such collector or other officer of the port, (which oath he is hereby impowered and required to administer) that the said goods are of Irish manufacture, and exported or intended to be exported to some of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, or into some of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in any part of Ireland, and on the exporter likewise giving sufficient security to the said collector or other officer of the port, (which security any such officer is hereby impowered to take in the name and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors) by bond in a penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned that the said goods shall not be relanded or brought on thore again, but shall be landed in some of the British plantations in America, or in the West Indies, or on the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the' coast of Africa, danger of the fcas and capture by an enemy only excepted, and upon a like certificate, as is herein before mentioned, being delivered to the collector or other officer as is herein before provided, every such bond shall be delivered to the exporter, or his or her order, to be cancelled without fee or reward.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective allowances upon fflk manufacture and manufacture of fflk mixed Hull and may be paid by the collector or other officer of the port out of any monies ill his hands at the time, arising out of any of the customs, excise, or additional duties granted to his Majesty, and not appropriated; and that the money so paid shall b; accepted of in his account as so much paid to his Majesty, and he is and shall be discharged thereof accordingly; and the said allowance upon wrought or manufactured gold or silver plate shall and may be paid by the collector or other officer out of the monies arising from the duties granted to his Majesty for the use of the corporation for promoting and carrying on the inland navigation in Ireland, and shall be accounted for and charged as paid for and on account of the said corporation

V. And for the better preventing frauds on the entering any of the said goods under a wrong denomination to the prejudice of the revenue, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any searcher or other proper officer of the customs after the entry of any of the said goods, and before or after the shipping thereof, to open and strictly examine every bale, truss, chest, or other package, to fee if the goods arc right entered; and if on such examination the goods shall be found to be right entered, the officer shall at his charge cause the same to be repacked to the satisfacHon of the exporter; which charge shall be allowed to the said officer by the commissioners uf the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable; but in case the said officer shall find the said goods or my part thereof to have been entered under a wrong denomination, or otherwise wrongfully entered, whereby his Majesty would have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so wrong entered shall and may be seized, and the fame, as likewise the value thereof, shall be forfeited ami loft, and shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, levied and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, as are preftribed and appointed for the recovery of penalties in and by an act passed in the fourteenth and ffftcciuh years of the reign of King Charles the fecund, entitled, An act for the settling of the exrife or new impsjl upon his his heirs

ami fittVifsrff aeeonling to the bed (f rates therein inserted, or by any other act or jets now in force in this kingdom.

4 T 2

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

VI. Provided always, That the said allowances shall not be demanded or made , for any of the said manufufttires of silk mixed with gold and silver, where theyar: only so mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces; nor for any of the said maaufac-tures of fiik mixed with other materials, unless two thirds at least of the ends or threads of the warp, (by which is meant the length of the piece) be either all fi!k, or mixed ortwifted with silk. in the warp, so as that such silk (hall-be obviousandap. parent to the view of the officer of the custmns, or unless the silk therein used Dull be double the value at leaf! of the allowance intended to be obtained upon the expo;* tation thereof; and If any dispute shall arise concerning any of the said manufactures, that is to Jay, whether the fame was made in Ireland, or touching the quality of the goods, the onus pnbar.di shall lie on the exporter, claimer, or owner thereof, and not on the officer*

VII. And further to prevent frauds be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any one of the said /lulls or manufactures shipped to be exported, sml for which an allowance is hereby made and shall hare been paid, shall be r:* landed or unffiipped in any part of Ireland, unless it he in case of distress to save the goods front perishing, in which case they shall be reshipped, or the allow* ance repaid, the said goods ever and above the penalty of the bond, and also of treble the value of the said goods, shall be forfeited, and they together with the said penalties shall or may be sued for, recovered, and applied in manner herein before mentioned for the recovery of the forfeiture aforementioned.

VIII. And whereas it is just and reasonable, that several goods and merchandize! of the product or manufacture of Great Britain, and also the several foreign certificate goods which may be legally imported thence, /hould upon exportation hence drawback the whole of the duties paid upon their importation; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods or commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, which have been or shall be legally imported thence, (wool and woollen manufacture in all its branches and glass excepted) or if any foreign certificate goods which have been or shall be legally imported from Great Britain into this kingdom, shall after payment of the duties charged and payable upon the importation thereof be again exported to any of the British plan, tationsin America, or the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, by any merchant or meichants who is or are a subject or subjects of this realm, or any other part of his Majesty's dominions, within twenty four calendar months, or by any merchant stranger within twelve calendar months, after the importation thereof, and if due proof be made by certificate from the proper officer of the due entry and payment of the said duties, and that all other requi/ites have been performed, which are by law required in those cases, where the moiety of the subsidy inwards is to be repaid by virtue of an act pafTai in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An aci for settling the subsidy of poundage, and granting a subsidy of tonnage ml other futus of money unto his royal Majestyt his heirs and successorst the same to ie paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to a book of rates hereunto annexed, and where the duties of import «. cife are to be repaid by virtue of the said act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entided. An act for the settlin':/ the excise or new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the hi of rates therein inserted; that then the whole of the subsidy inwards and the whole of the duties of import excise, and a!) other duties paid upon the importation thereof, shall without delay or reward be repaid and allowed to such merchant or merchants so exporting the same to any of the find places during the time aforesaid within one month after demand thereof; and if any dispute shall nrife concerning any of the said goods or merchandize, whether they be of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain, the onus probar.di shall be on the exporter or person so claiming die drawback.

IX. Ai\d

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 353

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper A.D. officer or officers shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several draw- 177^-80. backs and allowances given by this act j and also of the several duties that t—"'V'-— would have been payable 0:1 the exportation of fitch articles, in case the several duties now payable thereon, and which are hereby to cease and determine, had continued, in order that compensation may be made to his Majesty's hereditary revenue for any loss it may sustain, by means of the drawbacks proposed to be given, or allowances to bs made, or duties to be taken off by this act upon any exports from this kingdom to the British plantations in America or the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa.

C Ii A P. V,

An Act for establiflAng a Lottery, and for granting to his Majesty 19 & 20C,.}. a Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds to be raised thereby., and w' ' forfneb other Purposes as are therein mentioned.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that towards making good such deficiencies, as have arisen or may arise in the aids granted heretofore or during this session of Parliament for the support of your Majesty's government, a sum not exceeding the film of two hundred thousand pounds shall be raised by way of lottery, in such manner and form as herein after directed; and for that purpose be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent -of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said lottery shall conlift of forty two thousand tickets (that is to say) forty thousand tickets to be paid for by the persons contributing thereto at the rate of five pounds for each ticket, and two thousand tickets to be given to the said persons without payment, in the manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may lie lawful for all persons, natives or foreigners, and all bodies politick or corporate, to contribute to the payment of the said Ann of two hundred thousand pounds by paying the price of as many tickets, as they shall be willing to purchase, at the rate of five pounds for each ticket, in manner and at the respective days of payment herein after limited.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such contributor, subscribing or signifying his or her con-l'cnt for that purpose, shall on or before the first day of January Vo I- XI. 4 U one

To raise 200000k by lottery to supply deficiencies in aids,

confiding of 42000 tickets, 40000 paid for at 5l. each,

2000 without payment.

A)1 persons and bodies may contribute by purchasing at $1. each.

Every contributor to dcpulit tos. per ticket by i(l January 1780.

354 TXc nineteenth and twentieth Years o/- George III.

A.D. 1779.80. Chap. 5.

20s. 20th February, 20s. 20th March,

20s. 20th April,

30s. 29th May,

in the whole 5l. each ticket, on payment coin-pleated or advanced tickets delivered, or cer* ttiicates, additional ticket without cofl, for every 20,

debentures at per cent, not exceeding 210000l. divided into prizes tb the fortunatepro-prictors.

one thousand seven hundred and eighty advance by way of deposit to the vice treasurer or paymaster general, vice treasurers or pay-masters general, his or their deputy or deputies, the sum of ten shillings per ticket, as part of the money to be paid for every such ticket, and as a security for making the future payments on or before the times herein after mentioned (that is to say) for and in respect of every such ticket twenty shillings on or before the twentieth day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighty , twenty shillings on or before the twentieth day of March then next following; the further sum of twenty shillings on or before the twentieth day of April then next following; and the further sum of thirty shillings on or before the twentieth day of May then next following; making in the whole the sum of five pounds for each ticket; and that upon such payments being compleated, or otherwise made good by advance as hereafter mentioned, tickets shall be delivered, as soon as the fame can be prepared, or certificates as hereafter mentioned, until the same shall be prepared, to the persons entitled thereto, together with an additional ticket for every twenty tickets each contributor shall have compleated or made good the payment of, every such additional ticket to be given without coll; and that debentures bearing interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, amounting to a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds in the whole, shall be made out by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, and shall be divided into prizes, without any deduction whatsoever, for the benefit of and given to the proprietors of the fortunate tickets in the said lottery on demand,

or as soon as the said debentures can conveniently be made out alter the drawing of the said lottery.

Chief go-

IV. And for establishing a proper method for drawing said point notlottery> fie it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That fuclt more than 7 nersons not more than seven in number, as the lord lieutenant

managers, f

or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall nominate and appoint, shall be managers and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to overfec the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform such Royal'S-3' °tfier matters and things, as are hereafter in and by this 'bFV'ffi1 a<^ <fire^ecl an(l appointed by such managers and directors to be done and performed; and that such managers and directlors shall meet together from time to time at the Royal Exchange in parrJ°it* pre‘ the city of Dublin or at some publick office or place for the exc-m«ting, cution of the powers and trull in them reposed by this act; and in each leaf, that the said managers and directors, or so many of them as Hull be present at any such meeting, or the major part of them, shall cause

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

cause books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three columns; and upon the innermost of the said three columns there shall be printed forty two thousand tickets, to be numbered one, two, three, and so onwards in an arithmetical progression, where the common excels is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of forty two thousand; and upon the middle column in every of the said books shall be printed forty two thousand tickets of the fame breadth and form and numbered in the like manner; and in the extreme column of the said books there shall be printed a third rank or series of tickets of the fame number with those of the other two columns, which tickets shall severally be of an oblong figure, and in the said books shall be joined with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, in such manner as the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or extreme column of the said books shall have written or printed thereupon, befules the number of such. ticket, words or figures to this effefl, Irish lottery for the year I y So; the bearer of this ticket will be entitled to fneb beneficial chance, asshall belong thereto in the lottery to be drawn in Ireland in ptirfuance of an act made in the said kingdom in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his Majestys reign.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said managers and directors, or so many of them; s shall be present at any such meeting, or the major part of them so present, shall carefully examine all the said books with the tickets therein, and take care that the fame be contrived, numbered, and made according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and shall deliver or cause to be delivered the fame books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver general or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, taking from such person or persons to whom the same are so delivered an acknowledgment in writing under his or their hand or hands importing to be his or their receipt for such book or books, and for so many tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them respectively; that so the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver general or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, may be charged to answer live'pounds for every one of the tickets in the extreme columns, which shall be delivered to him or them, or for so many of them as lie or they shall not deliver back to the said managers or directors; and all and every such officer or officers of the treasury respectively is and are hereby required and directed, upon his or their receipt of every 4 U 2 or

355

A. IX 1779-80. Chap^Jj

in l ft 42CCO tickets pi Into) ami numbered arithmetical!)'.

in 2ti the like, in 3d a 3d series of tickets of fame number with the other 2, of oblong figure, joined with oblique lilies.

voids printed on evei jr ticket in 3d column.

Managers to examine carefully hooks and tickets.

and deliver to vice treasurero, &c. taking receipt for so many.

vice tre.ifu-rers, Sic an-fivcralile for so many a3 not redelivered 5l. each,

officers on receipt of 5). per ticket shall cut out through said oblique lines imlcntvvifc.

35 6

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 5.

and sign their names to all,

and per-

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

or any entire sum of five pounds in full payment for a ticket from any person or persons respectively contributing or adventuring as aforesaid, from time to time to cut out of the said book or books, so to be put into his or their custody, through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices indentwise in the said extreme columns, such tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered to the several perfous entitled thereto as aforesaid, and also one further or additional ticket for every twenty tickets contributed and paid for by any one contributor, which further or additional ticket iliall be given gratis to said contributor; all and every which tickets the said officer or officers of the treasury shall sign with his mit to fen on or their own name or names, and he or they shall permit there-fn pickets' A,e®ve person or persons so entitled, if it be desired, to write his or their name or mark on the corresponding ticket or tickets in the fame book or books; and at the same time the said officer or tickets so cut officers of the treasury shall deliver to such person or persons the ofr' ticket or tickets so cut off, which he, she, or they are to keep and

use for the better ascertaining and securing the interest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their executors, administrators, sucessors, or assigns, shall or may have in the drawing of the said lottery.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said officer or officers of the treasury on 'Or before the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty shall redeliver to the said managers and directors at their said office or place of meeting all the said books, and therein all the tickets which the said officer or officers shall not have cut out of the fame, under their and delivered to the persons entitled thereto as aforesaid; and shall then and there all'o deliver to the said managers and directors a true and just account in writing under his or their hand or hands of all sums of money accrued or come to the hands of such officer 01 officers, and by him or them paid into his Majesty's treasury, by or for the tickets delivered or to be delivered out pursuant to this act; and that the said managers and directors, or the major contributor, part of them which shall be present as aforesaid, shall forthwith rers'&cTo"' cau^e the tickets of the said outermost columns, which shall he dispofrd not have been delivered to the contributors and adventurers as

And by ill June 1780, redeliver to managers, books and tickets not cut out and delivered)

bands of all money paid into treasury for tickets.

managers forthwith to redeliver tickets not

for raising money for this act or retained.

aforesaid, (if any such be) to be redelivered to the vice treafu-rers, receiver general, or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to be by him or them sold or disposed of for raising money for the purposes in this act mentioned, or otherwise retained and kept.

q VII. Provided

I

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 3 57

VII. Provided always, that if any of the said tickets, or any A.D.

other tickets, which, as is herein after provided, shall or may 1779-801. remain or be kept there from not having been so sold or disposed Chap. 5. of, or from being forfeited, shall prove fortunate on the drawing of the said lottery, no debenture shall issue for such fortunate wrofuruckci

J . \tiuliipoled or

ticket, but the fame, and the prize thereto belonging, be made a forfeited, if laving for the publick. f°Tp>i«a

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, f^"£"the that the said managers and directors, or the major part of . them, p T;^k'cts of who shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the middle co-tickets of the middle columns in the books made out with three J,!,"1’/made columns as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them by f"11 |n Prc' or from the said officer or officers of the treasury as aforesaid, to Ungers and be carefully rolled up and made fall with thread or silk; and the ^1>utor3 said managers and directors, or the major part of them as afore-

laid, shall in their presence and in the presence of such contribu- dc^.-fc tors or adventurers, as will be there, cause all the said tickets, which the are to be rolled up and made fall as aforesaid, to be cut off indent- !n, box' wile through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, into and a box to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the ’ putVtf<»t-letter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong box, and locked up with five different locks and keys, to be kept by as lucks and many of the said managers and directors, and sealed with their a, many ma-fcals, or the seals of some of them, until the said tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned 5 and that the tickets in drawn, the first or innermofi: columns of the said books shall remain Hill ,n coiumnto in the books for discovering any mistake or fraud, if any should rc'n:>m flr

° , J ducovering

happen to be committed contrary to the true meaning of this miiiake or

act,

fraud.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare or cause to be. prepared other books, in which every leaf shall be every leaf di-divided or distinguished into two columns, and upon the in- columns, nermost of those two columns there shall be printed forty two . "piJI',ll<!

r inner 42000

thousand tickets, all which shall be of equal length and breadth, tickets ^rint-as near as may be; which two columns in the said books shall be printed with some flourish or device, through which the outer- t'iro’

0 the outer cut

most tickets may be cut off mdentwjlej and that fourteen thou- off indent-land and sixty and five tickets, part of those contained in the out- w'^06s ernioft columns of the books last mentioned, shall be and be jj' <,c.rtl,e called the fortunate tickets, to which benefits shall belong, as is ticket), herein after mentioned; and the said managers and directors, or Vol. XI. 4 X the

3 58 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George ID.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 5. S

x expressedas well in figures ai words, upon 2 fc-vcrally

10000 i, 5000 y, 2000 xo, 1000 16, 500

301 *00 too, 50 300, 20

IJOOOO, 20

which with .200l. for 1 ft. drawn ill 5 days, and looool. the last drawn, amount to 220000l.

the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following, that is to say, upon two of them severally' ten thousand pounds; upon two others in like manner, five thousand pounds; upon every one of five others of them severally two thousand pounds; upon every one of ten others of them severally one thousand pounds; upon every one of fit-teen others of them severally five hundred pounds; upon every one of thirty others of them severally one hundred pounds; upon every one of one hundred others of them severally fifty pounds; upon every one of three hundred others of them severally twenty pounds; and upon every one of thirteen thousand six hundred others of them severally ten pounds; which sum, so to be written or otherwise expressed upon the said fortunate tickets, together with two hundred pounds to be allotted to the owner of the first drawn ticket upon each of the first five days of the drawing of the said lottery, and one thousand pounds to the owner of the last drawn ticket, over and above the benefits which may happen to belong to the fix last mentioned tickets, will amount in the whole to the sum of two hundred and ten

tickets in thousand pounds; and the said managers and directors, or the rfhObooks* maj°r Part then*) wh° shall be present at a meeting as afore-in pretence of said, shall cause all the said tickets, contained in the outermost Contributor! columns of the said last mentioned books, to be in the presence McnedPcut* t^ie managers and directors, or the major part of them out indent- who shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, and in the presence device,'TCan- of such contributors or adventurers as will then he there, to be raurked°(B) carefu% rolled up and fastened with thread or (ilk, and careful-with j locks ly cut out indentwise through the said flourish or device, into by^manager#1 another box to be prepared for this purpose, and to be marked Slldrawn* ktter (B)» which box shall be put into1 another (Irong

’ box and locked up with five different locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers, and sealed up with their seals, or the seals of some of them, until these tickets also be drawn in before 6 the manner and form herein after mentioned; and that the whole tT<ira«*e' ^ufiness rolling UP> and cutting off, and putting into the said boxes the said tickets, and locking up and sealing the said boxes, shall be performed by the said managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six days immediately preceding the day by this act appointed for the drawing tile said lottery! printed no- and to the end every person concerned may be well assured, that of putting the counterpart of the fame number with his or her ticket is put 2 into

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 35$

into the box marked with the letter (A), from whence the fame A.D. may be drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby directed, 1779-80. feme publick notification in print shall be given of the precise time Chap. 5. or times of putting the tickets into the said boxes, to the end that such contributors or adventurers, as shall be minded to (ee the bTa’(ll!lt

aavei-.tnren

feme done, may be present at the doing thereof. may be pro

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that on the j,m twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty the said managers and direfbors shall Cau(e the said several tickets boxes with all the tickets therein to be brought into the said phcopplL-royal exchange, or such other place as shall be appointed by his «ai»yC. Go-excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, so that the fame may on # be there and be placed on a table provided for that purpose by table by9m nine of the clock in the forenoon of the fame, day, and shall I then and there severaly attend this service, and cause the two i boxes, containing the said tickets, to be severally taken out of i the other two boxes, in which they shall have been locked up, and of k*

| the tickets or lots in the respective innermost boxes, being brat"' "

| in the presence of the said managers and directors, of I such of them as shall be then present, and of such contri- managers ami ' butors or adventurers as will be there, for the satisfaction of wdntlk!"

I themselves, well shaken and mingled in each box distinctly, some I one indifferent and fit’ person to be appointed and directed by the managers ap-J said managers, or the major part of them, or such of them as C'o’ue shall be then present, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box, where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put; ticket*, and one other indifferent and fit person to be appointed and di- Ok

tected in like manner shall take out a ticket or lot from the box, pnifcu"«^ where the said fourteen thousand and sixty and five fortunate bknTttctcts, and twenty seven thousand nine hundred thirty and five blank tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number as well di«elr. of the fortunate as the blank ticket shall be named aloud; and named aloud, if the ticket taken or drawn from the box, containing the fortu- 1,^’"^, nate and blank lots, shall appear to be a blank, then the num- onefile* bered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time drawn Hull both be put upon one file; and if the ticket, so drawn or nate, tie taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots, shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal sum «<lt>y» cKA. written upon such fortunate ticket, whatever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the said managers or the major part of them is aforesaid shall employ and overfec for this purpose, into a

shook

3<jo The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said 1779-80. fortunate tickets, and the principal sums whereunto they lhailk Chap. 5. enf)t]ed respectively; and two of the said managers shall fct their names as witnesses to such entries; and the said fortunate and by a mana- numbered ticket, so drawn together, shall be put upon another and both file, and so the said drawing of the tickets shall continue by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening cdritifoa"1" nam'n§ al°ud, and filing the fame, and by entering the fortu-14065 and nate lots, in such method as is before mentioned, until the whole fast compleat- number of fourteen thousand and sixty and five fortunate tickets, ly drawn, and one more for the last drawn as aforesaid, shall be compleatiy shall a"djoum drawn: and as the fame cannot be performed in one day’s time, d'except ’ the said managers and directors shall cause the boxes to be locked up luck, andfealed in manner aforesaid, and adjourn until the next day, and ingasafori" so from day to day, and every day (except Sundays) and then open fa numbers ^le fame> and proceed as above, until the said whole number or drawn with fourteen thousand and sixty and five fortunate tickets, and one Uckcuiocked more> shall be drawn as aforesaid; and afterwards, the said nttm-jn a (irons bered tickets so drawn with the fortunate tickets drawn against theirraitody, the fame, shall be and remain in a strong box, locked up as exanuned'and aforesaid, and under the custody of the said managers, until they settled, shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the propeny thereof.

After drawing is over, the number against each fortunate ticket, and the sum, pub-lifted,

dispute as to property determined by majority of managers.

Managers

oath.

XI. And to the end the fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what degree they have been fb j be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said managers shall, ss soon as conveniently may be, after the said drawing is over, came to be printed and published the number of the tickets drawn against each fortunate ticket, and the principal sum written on the fame; and if any contention or dispute shall arise in the ad-justing the property of the said fortunate tickets, the major part of the said managers agreeing therein shall determine, to whom it doth or ought to belong.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aioic-said, that every person, that shall be appointed as aforesaid to ka manager and director for putting this act in execution, before lii> j acting in such commission (except the administering the oath im- j mediately herein after mentioned) shall take the oath following, that is to say,

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to he dram k pursuance of an act of parliament made in the nineteenth and tmiiiur; years of his Majestys reign, do fiaear, that I mill faithfully exectiU tit

tni

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George jilt 361

(rttjl reposed in me, and that I will net ufi any indirect art or meant; A.D. tr permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain i 779-8o.: t prize or fortunate ticket therein far myself or ary other person Chap. 5. isbatsoever, and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent <wy undue or fmijler practice to be done by ary person whatsoever; and that I will to the best of my judgment declare, to whom ary prize, hi, it ticket of right does belong according to the true intent and timing of the said aB.

which said oath shall and may be administered by an^ two or more of the said managers or directors.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said vice treasurers, receiver general, or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, at any time or times before he or they shall have received any book or books for the said lottery from the said managers, comprehending the said forty two thousand tickets in three columns as aforesaid, to receive from the said contributors or adventurers, or their executors, administrators, successors, or alligns, the monies; to be by them respectively paid on account of the said lottery at one entire payment, or in such proportions and manner as aforesaid, before he or they shall have received such book or books; and the said vice treasurers, receiver general, of paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, shall give a note or receipt under his or their hand or hands for the sum or sums so paid, and shall be obliged thereby and by this act to give the bearer of every such note or receipt a ticket or tickets of the extreme column of the three column book or books aforesaid for every five pounds so contributed, paid, or answered, and also one additional ticket for every hundred pounds (o paid, as and for the purchase of twenty tickets, as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto by delivering of any such book or books to hint or them from the said managers as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, that in case any such contributor or adventurer as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down to the said officer or officers of the treasury any proportion of his, her, or their consideration money towards the said lottery, his,

er, or their executors, administrators, successors, or alligns, do not advance and pay unto such officer or officers the remaining part and parts of his, her, or their consideration money, so to . paid in full for such ticket or tickets, on or before the time and

Vo 1.. XI. 4 Y times

by

Vice treasurers, &c. before receiving lottery books from managers may receive adventurers money at 1 payment^ or as aforesaid.

and give a note or receipt,

for which obliged to give bearer tickets of the extreme column for every jl. and additional every tool, as soon as books delivered,

Adventurer, not paying remainder, shall forfeit for the publick the money advanced.

Jfc

A.D.

1779^.80. Chap. 5. v/YX»

and no tickets delivered,

but returned to managers with the others not disposed of,

redelivered to treasury to be i(Tiled and disposed of, or otherwise retained,

and no advantage to such defaul-

Advancing payment, allowed dif- count at per cent.

Chief governor out of contributions may reward managers, officers, and discharge incident necessary expences.

Thi nineteenth and twentiethyears tf George III.

times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that then and in every such case every such contributor or adventurer shall forfeit and lose to his Majesty for the use of the publick the proportion of his, her, or their purchase money, which he, she, or they shall have lb paid down as aforesaid towards the lottery, and in such case no ticket or tickets shall be delivered out by the bid officer or officers to such contributor or contributors, adventurer or adventurers, making such default; but the ticket and tickets, which should have been delivered to them respectively, had they paid the full money for the fame, shall be returned or delivered to the said managers and directors by the said officer or officers together with the other tickets (if any) in the outermo/t column of the book and books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of as aforesaid; and such ticket and tickets, upon and for which such default of payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered back unto the said officer or officers of the treasury with other the said undisposed tickets (if any) to be by him or them issued, fold, and disposed of for the purposes aforesaid, or otherwise retained and kept; and the said contributor and contributors, adventurer and adventurers, making such default shall not have or receive any benefit or advantage for or in respect of the money, which he, fire, or they shall have paid for or towards the purchase of such ticket or tickets; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, that if any contributor or contributor* to said lottery shall pay the whole or any part of his, her, or their subscription or contribution before the days herein before appointed for his, her, or their respective payments, he, (lie, or they shall be allowed out of such payment discount by way of interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per ammm for such sum, as shall be so advanced by him, her, or them, from the day whereon the same shall be advanced unto the day or days respectively, whereon the fame ought to be paid as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that out of the monies to arise by the contribution! to the said lottery it shall and may be lawful to and for his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being to reward the said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be'employed by and under them, and any other officers and personj that shall and may be any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident expences as Ihai!

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George ID* 36 3

necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as A.D. his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or go- 1779-80. vemors of this kingdom for the time being shall from time to Chap. 54 time think fit and reasonable in that behalf, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every Dcben-such contributor, or adventurer, or other person who shall become "r»ea»t4. entitled to any prize in laid lottery, shall receive a debenture from P‘r ""*from the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury for the IT' amount of the sum contained in his prize, bearing interest from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; such debentures to be given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, and to be marked lottery debenture, and to be num- «i. bered in arithmetical progression, where the common excess is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, paid «tr>-that there shall be paid at the receipt of your Majesty's. exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer, or paymaster general, 1780. witl1' vice treasurers, or paymasters general, his or their deputy or de- dedua;^ or puties, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred' and eighty, to the person to whom such debenture or debentures shall be given, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum out of such monies as shall be in your Majesty's treasury applicable thereto, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as such person or persons shall be respectively paid the principal money mentioned in such debenture at one entire payment.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- chief *6. ri;v aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord vcrn®r n'a>'

r . - . appoint per-

lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this fun, in i.m-

kingdom for the time being, from time to time to appoint one

or more person or persons to pay in the city of London, accord- q; inttreii on

ing to the rate that money is current for in Ireland, the interest

payable on such of the said lottery debentures, as the proprietors

thereof shall before the first day of December one thousand seven thereby ill

hundred and eighty declare in writing to the said officers or Dcc'l/So’

c;:cer of the treasury, his, her, or their intention of receiving

his, her, or their interest of in the city of London, which said K;tll0in

Interest shall be paid, without auy deduction, abatement, or or

1 J olher diarfie’

charge whatsoever either for exchange or otherwise.

364

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 5.

Remittance out of duties applicable to such interest for payment in London*

Expend* of remitting charged on £ud duties.

proflt to national ere* dit.

Debentures transferable by indorsement.

on notice to vice tiea-furers, and entry,

viewed

gratis,

indorsee

intitled,

so totlCl)

not after in power of afBgnor.

Forging Of altering debenture or ticket, uttering or vending or bringing such to treasury or others with

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George ML

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, shall from time to time out of the duties, rates, impositions, and taxes, applicable to the payment of such interest, remit to the person or persons so appointed as aforesaid sums of money sufficient for the punctual and regular payment of the said interest in the city of London at the times herein before mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that whatever expences shall be incurred by lending or remitting from time to time the interest on the said several lottery debentures from this kingdom to the said city of London, and the payment of the fame there, shall be charged upon the said duties, rates, impositions, and taxes; and that whatever profit shall be made in the way of exchange by remitting the said sums, or any of them, shall be brought to the credit of the nation.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and every person or persons, to whom debentures shall be given pursuant to tins aft, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, may by indorsement on such debentures transfer their right and benefit of the sums due on such debentures, which indorsements upon notice to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, and an entry or memorial made in the' said vice treasurer’s office (which the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, shall, upon request without charge, fee, or reward, make accordingly, and shall on request permit the same to be viewed at the usual office hours without fee or reward) shall entitle the indorsee or assignee, his or her executors, administrators, and assigns, to the foie benefit of the sum so transferred or assigned; and that the said debentures or receipts may in like manner be assigned or transferred by such assignee, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, and so toties quoties j and that after such alignment it shall not be in the power of the person or persons, who made such assignment, to make void, release, or dif-Charge the said assignment, or to discharge or receive the sum thereby transferred or assigned, or any par t thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any debenture or debentures, receipt or receipts, ticket or tickets, to be given, issued, or mads forth in pursuance of this act, or alter any number, figure, or

word

The nineteenth and twentieth years oj Ge.orge HI. 36

word therein, or utter, vend, barter, or dii’pcfe of, or offer to A.D. dispose of any Inch false, altered, forged, or counterfeited deben- 1779-80. turc or debentures, receipt or receipts, ticket or tickets; or shall Chap. 5. bring any loch forged or counterfeited debenture, receipt, or ticket, or any debenture, receipt, or ticket, the number whereof,

' . A ahetung such

or any word or figure therein, shall have been altered (Knotting offences, the same to be fitch) to the vice treasurer or vice treaftners, pay-mailer or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent intention, or shall willingly aid; abet, assist, hire, or command any person or persons to commit any such offence or offences as aforesaid, then and in every such case all and every such per- death!"7’

Ion or persons, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuller death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and the vice treasurer or vice treasur- v;cet,a. ers, paymaster general or paymasters general, his or their deputy f"«.&c-or deputies, as also the said managers and directors, or any two gers shall ap-or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to cause j*?, any person bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit deben- o|1'1Kl;rs-nice or debentures, receipt or receipts, ticket or tickets, as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, assisting, hiring, or commanding any person or persons, therein to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them to his Majesty's goal of Newgate, or to the common goal of the county or place where he, flic, or they shall be ib apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said felony an jading to law.

XXIV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, that offender if any person or persons, who shall commit any such offence or offences, or be aiding, abetting, aflilling, hiring, or command-one or more, ing any person or persons therein, shall afterwards, being out of tj^j^ncdl prison, discover any one or more person or persons, who shall have committed, or shall have been aiding, abetting, or concerned in any such offence or offences as aforesaid, so as such person or persons so discovered be lawfully convicted of the fame, such discoverer shall have and is hereby entitled to his Majesty's pardon for such his or her offence.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autlio-

J No comip-

fity aforesaid, that no attainder for any of the offences aforesaid *>°n of blood, shall make or occasion any corruption of blood, lol's of dower, «distmfon? or dilherifon of heirs.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that neither the six pence per pound nor any other fee shall be Cuing said payable to nor be deducted or received by the vice treasurer or

VOL. XI. 4Z vice put of tin

fui'ply.

366 'The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

vice treasurers, receiver, or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, 17.79-8°. or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account Chap. 5. of the issuing or paying the said Aim of two hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, to his or their own use, but shall be accounted for by him or them as part of the supply granted to your Majesty.

6 Anne

XXVII. And whereas in and by an act of parliament made in

c. 17. ’ this kingdom in the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty

queen Anne, entitled, An act for suppressing of lotteries and gaming tables, and by another act also made in this kingdom in the

7 Amt, seventh year of the reign of her said Majesty, entitled, An eS

c. 6‘ for suppressing lotteries, and by another act also made in this king-

e '3G'2- dom in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty king

’ George the second, entitled, An ait j’ortbe more effeiluatpresent. gainlt unlaw, ing of excessive and deceitful gaming, certain provisions were made ful lottmcs, respect to unlawful lotteries: be it enacted by the autho-

justices, rity aforesaid, that for the more effectual suppressing and pre-civaofficenf vent*n£ such unlawful lotteries the justices of the peace, and Hall prevent all mayors, bailiffs, head officers, constables, and other his Ma-fni lotteries, jesty’s civil officers within their respective jurisdictions, be hereby impowered and required to use their utmost endeavours to prevent by all lawful ways and means die drawing of any such unlawful letting up lottery hereafter to be set up j and that every person, who after or publishing tjje twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred

such after 25 , f

Dec. 1779, and seventy nine shall set up, or mail by writing or printing except here-’ publish the setting up, any unlawful lottery with intent to have by, or bjrfu- such lottery drawn, or any other lottery, except the lottery here-English’fUn by established, and except any English ffate lottery, or any lot-louoy. tery to be established by any future act or acts of parliament ill I0rrlty this kingdom, shall forfeit for every such offence the lum of one hundred pounds.

N h

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that or iharefold no person or persons shall lell the chance or chances of any WsdoadM ticket or tickets in the lottery hereby established, or any /hareor whole time of shares in any ticket or tickets in the said lottery for a day or pari co"810 of a day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of draw-no money- jn, t)le lottery then to come, or shall receive any money what-

received on 0 J f \

chance or soever in consideration of the repayment of any Ann or sums of tfa>e ofdimw- money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove ingorfor- fortunate, or in case of any chance or event relating to the ticket, drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to folsforfnch* ^lc te ^uch ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether publiOwd, or such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate, wager laid, of ^a]| any proposals for any such purposes as

2 aforesaid,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 367

aforesaid, or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any A.D. ticket or tickets in the faitl lottery either as to the time of such 1779-80. ticket or tickets being drawn, dr whether such ticket or tickets Chap. 5. be drawn fortunate or unfortunate, contrary to the ti:ue intent and meaning of this act; and all and every person and persons, who shall offend in any one of the aforesaid matters,- shall forfeit J"’-ra"'cliv and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and all sum and sums cd,-of money, if any, which shall have been received by such person and persons contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; fucJl 6j and every such sale, wager, or contract, and every agreement re- ww, or lating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared to be null and raid!"*"' void.

XXI a. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ao<,u« that from and after the said twenty fifth day of December one fetupor thousand seven hundred and seventy nine no person or persons dXgilT whatsoever shall publickly or privately set up, exercise, keep or 'J^'t!soror open by himself, or any other person or persons, any office or pwts tKcrtof, place for buying, felling, insuring, registering, giving, or other- "umbers' nor wife dealing in any tickets ot chances, or parts thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery what- «n«. locvcr, or shall by writing or printing publish the setting up or using any such office of place, without first taking out a licence for that purpose in manner hereafter mentioned.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i,;cence that every such licence shall be granted under the hands and

1 ° arid feats of 2

leak ot two or more of the managers and directors of the lottery managers, hereby established.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. To f«

that every such licence shall set forth the true name and place of fortl1 the iKr'

' r urns true

abode of the person or persons taking out the fame, and also name and the place where such business or dealing shall be carried on, and ^Vd«i-

such licence shall be continued in force for such time, not exceed- '"«>

ing twelve calendar months from the date thereof, as shall be cmiing 12

mentioned in laid licence; and every person acting or dealing in da")11* lm

any of the matters therein contained without a licence, or after the expiration of such licence in manner aforesaid, shall respect after exjira-

tively forfeit for each offence the sum of twenty pounds, to be *°1-

recovered and distributed in manner herein after mentioned.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publiftiing that every person, who after the twenty fifth day of December

one thousand i'even hundred and seventy nine shall publish, open, j!^ let up, or keep any such office or place under any the denomi- miiiacion, nations aforesaid, or any like denominations contrary to the in-,=sl'

tent

3 68 The nineteenth and twentieth years oj George III.

A.D.

tent and meaning of this present act, shall forfeit for every such 1779-80. offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

Chap. 5.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeCiid, that if any person or persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any licence or licences to be made forth by virtue of this act for the purposes aforesaid; such person or persons shall be subject to such penalties, as persons convicted of forgery are by law l'ub-ject to, and shall further forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if office T pub any Perf"on or persons shall keep any office or offices, or shall lilHing scheme print or publjfli any scheme or proposal for receiving any sum or sums of money in consideration of any interest to be granted for the fame in any ticket or number of tickets in the said lottery, whereof such person or persons shall not then be actually polMed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid in case any ticket or number of tickets in the said lottery, which shall not then be in the actual pofiession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate, all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

Notice for

XXXV. And in order to prevent any persons from giving pub-subscriptions lick notice for taking subscriptions for the sale of the chances

for falc of chances not pofic fil'd of the tickets, or other undertaking resembling lottery, deemed within the acts against private’ lotteries,

(ounter-feiting licence, penalties of forgery, and 500l.

for receiving money* not having the 'Ickcts in actual possessi-on, iool.

or part of the chances to arise on the tickets to be issued by virtue hereof, such persons not being possessed of the tickets on which such chances or parts of chances shall be proposed to be sold thereby, or in any other manner erecting another lottery, or entering into an undertaking resembling a lottery for their private benefit, or for any other purpose on the foot of the lottery fb to be erected by virtue hereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the fame and all such kind of undertakings shall be and are hereby declared to be within the true intent and meaning of the several acts of parliament made in this kingdom against private lotteries j and the several person or persons buy- ing, felling, subscribing, or taking subscriptions for the paring, or tak- chafe of such chances of lots, or part or parts of such chances ing’£ o"rL" or l°ts) chance or lot, or of any one or more of the tickets feveraiiykfor’ to made in pursuance hereof, or of or on the number or num-feitieol. bers of any such ticket or tickets without having such original penaUic"^" t'c^et or tickets in his, her, or their own custody or poflillion Aery lot or and right, such person or persons shall for every lot or chance li> c 1 cc’ fold or subscribed for as aforesaid severally forfeit and pay the to the king sum of one hundred pounds over and above any former penal-

persons buying, felling, subscrib-

and possessbr of the ticket

ties; the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccf-

fors,

Ibe nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

fors, ami the other moiety' thereof to such person or persons as in his, her, or their own right tlrn.lL at the commencement of the drawing of such lottery be possessed of the ticket or tickets, on which such lot or chance or lots or chances shall be fold or i’ub-feribed for as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person shall after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine make, print, adertife, orpublish, or cattfe to be made, printed, adertiled or published. any proposal or proposals, lcheme or schemes, for advancing fimall sums of money by several persons, amounting in the whole to large sums to be divided among them by the chances of the prizes in the lottery to be established hereby, or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the persons advancing such sums to entitle them to a share of the money l’o advanced, according to such proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes, or shall make, print, advertiie, or publish, or cause to be made) printed, advertis’ed, or published, any proposal or proposals, scheme or lchemes, of the like kind or nature under any denomination, name, or title whatsoever, every such person shall for every such offence, over and above any former penalties inflicted by any former act or acts of parliament made against any private or unlawful lotteries, forfeit tlii sunt of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and every person and persons, who after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine shall be an adventurer or adventurers in, or shall pay any money or other consideration, or any ways contribute unto or upon the account of any such lales, lotteries, proposals, or schemes, as in the said in part recited act of the thirteenth year of his late Majesty king George the second and as herein are subjected to penalties, shall forfeit for every such offence double the sum paid and contributed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons Until from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine by virtue or under colour of any grant or authority from any foreign prince, state, or government whatsoever erect, let up, continue, or keep, or shall cause or procure to be erected, let up, continued, or kept, any lottery or undertaking in the nature of a. lottery under any denomination whatsoever, or llwll make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or

Vol. XI. 5 A published.

A.D.

1779-80;

Chap. j.

Propolal for advancing small sums by several, to be divided by chances of prizes, or delivering tickets for lharcs according thereto, or any scheme of like kind, tool, above former pc* nnhics.

Adventurers or contributors in any way to such Tales, lotteries, or schemes, fub* jc& to penalties by l? (' 2. c. tt. or herein, forfeit double.

For lottery or undertaking by authority from foreign Hate, or pub-billing such scheme, or felling ticket in any, favc hereby, and in G. Britain eftahli/hcd, i col. above former penalties.

Selling or delivering, See. ticket, chance, S:c. in any part of foreign lottery or undertaking, or in duplicate, receiving money for such, to be repaid if fortunate, 20Ql

Not tb af* feel sale of tickets in

singljk iUlc

lottery*

Juiliccs or chief inagif-trausne-glc£ling, fut. feit tool.

Part owner?, joint tenants, or in common, capable of taking such iu-

terclU by allot ment,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

pubiifiied, any proposal or scheme for any such lottery or undertaking, or shall within this kingdom sell or dispose of any ticket or tickets in any lottery, save and except the lottery hereby cth-blished, and any lottery which hath been or shall be legally eife-blished in Great Britain, such person shall for every fitch offence (over and above any former penalties inflicted by any former act or acts of parliament made against unlawful lotteries) forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine if any person or persons shall fell, procure, or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance, or number in or belonging to any foreign lottery, or pretended foreign lottery, or in or belonging to any class, part, or division of any such lottery, or pretended lottery, or in or belonging to any undertaking whatsoever in the nature of a lottery, or shall fell, procure, or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance or number in or belonging to any duplicate or pretended duplicate of any foreign lottery, or pretended foreign lottery, or shall receive or cause to be received any money whatsoever for any such ticket, receipt, chance, or number, or for or in confederation of any money to be repaid in case any ticket or tickets, number or numbers, in any foreign lottery, or pretended foreign lottery, or any class, part, or division thereof, shall prove fortunate, the person convicted thereof shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent, obstruct, or affect the sale of any ticket or tickets of any English state lottery now in being, or hereafter to be erected.

XLI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any justice of the peace, or any other justices herein before described, or mayor, or other chief magistrate of any city or town corporate, shall neglect or refufo to do what is required ot him and them by this act, such mayor, chief magistrate, and justices, so neglecting or refilling, shall respectively forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be any ways construed, deemed, or taken to extend, or in any fort to affect or prejudice any estate, or interest in, out of, or to any manors, honors, royalties, lands, tenements, a advowlbii',

The must scat!) and twentieth years of George III. 371

sdvowfons, presentations, rents; services, and hereditaments A.D. whatlbcver, which shall or may at any time or times hereafter be 1779-S0. according to the laws now in being legally allotted to, or held Chap. 5. by, or by means of any allotment or partition by lots; but that as;ft!usaa all persons, who now arc or that shall hereafter become really aot and truly seized as part owners, joint tenants, or tenants in common of any manors, honors, royalties, lands; tenements, aJvowfons, presentations, rents, services, and hereditaments, shall, and he, the and they, and his, her, and their heirs and aliigns, is and are hereby made and continued capable to accept and take such estates and iiltercfts, and parts therein, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses, as he, she, or they might; would, or could have done by or by virtue or in consequence of any lot, scroll, chance or allotment whatsoever; had this present act never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all rcnaltiei; and Angular the penalties herein and hereby imposed, and not herein otherwise provided for, shall and may be recovered by ac- ’covered in tion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's enrdat z>'Z-courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, wager of law, hr ormore than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Aa;ons thority aforesaid, that no suit or action shall be commenced or commenced brought against any person or persons for any penalty or forfei- "l3mo"llls> wre incurred by any offence contrary to the provisions herein contained, unless the same shall be commenced or brought within three calendar months next after the fact was committed, or such lYtiife of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall jni(1 u.,icre he laid or brought in the county, city, or place, wherein such offence; offence shall have been committed, or such cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere.

XLV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that one 1.3d of Pe-third of all and Angular the penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, (and not herein otherwise disposed of) after deducting informer,

1 he reasonable charges of the suit or prosecution for the recovery thereof, shall be applied and go to the informer, and the remain- thcfocin" ing two thirds to the incorporated society for promoting English {yj'J|*rtcr pfotelhmt schools for the use of such of the charter lchools as ilicy shall think fit.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if

11 1 ’ . 1 Defendant

any action or luit shall be commenced against any person or per- in suit r«r dins for any thing by him done in pursuance of this act, the

defendant

372 The iHneteenth anj hvcui'n/b years of George III.

A.D.

defendant or defendants therein shall and may plead the general 1779-80. issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at the Chap. 5. trial or trials, which shall be had thereupon, and that the lame iiitaaldjre was done in pursuance of or by the authority of this act; and this act and jf the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhr.il become nonl'uited, ordifeonti-

special matter * 4 , < r

in evidence, nue Jus, her, or their action or actions, luit or lints; or it upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or and treble plaintiffs, tile defendant or defendants shall and may recover Lt r°n- treble costs, and have like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in any other cases by law.

XLVII. And whereas the following proprietors of shares of ton oHharesone hundred pounds each in the tontine or scheme of life annui-acddtiiTky t*es for raising the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, omitting to namely Martha Beck nominating herself, the reverend Thomas Krabytime Pennington nominating Thomas Pennington, the reverend appointed, Thomas Pennington nominating Montague Pennington, Edward vits for nam- Bridger nominating the prince of Wales, and Miles Poole Pin-nominating himself, have omitted to nominate the Paid lives nation valid for their respective shares by them subscribed in the said tontine s8 Sa/'.hft. or scheme of life annuities for railing three hundred thousand pounds, on or before the twenty eighth day of September last, the day appointed by his excellency the lord lieutenant for the appointment of the lives of the nominees in said scheme: and whereas it appears, that such omission was owing to accident, and not to any wilful or fraudulent design: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said five proprietors in said tontine may have their affidavits for naming their reflective lives received by the vice trCafurer, or receiver general, or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies; and that their nomination for laid lives reflectively shall be as valid to all intents and purposes, and entitle them reflectively to all and every such benefit in said scheme, as if said nomination had been made before said twenty eighth day of September last.

CHAP.

the nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

CHAP. VI.

An Act for the Relief of His Majests faithful Subjects the Protestant Biff enters of this Kingdom; and to Repeal a ClauJ'e in the AS of the Second of Queen Anne, entitled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery, as far as the fame relates to the Protefant Disfenters.

WHEREAS by an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, ended, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, it is amongst other things enacted, That all and every person and persons, that shall be admitted, entered, placed, or taken into any office or offices civil or military, or shall receive any pay, salary, fee, or wages belonging to or by reason of any office or place of trust by reason of any patent or grant from her Majesty, or shall have any command or place of trust from or under her Majesty, or any of her predecessors or successors, or by her or their authority, or by any authority derived from her or them within this realm of Ireland, shall receive the sacrament of the Lord’s Supper according to the usage of the church of Ireland within three months after his or their admittance into or receiving their said authority and employments in some publick church upon the Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday, immediately after divine service and sermon: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons being piotellants shall and may have, hold, and enjoy any office or offices civil or military, and receive any pay, salary, fee, or wages belonging to or by reason of such office of place, notwithstanding he shall not receive or have received the sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, as in the said recited clause is prescribed, without incurring any of the penalties in said act, or any other act enacted for or in respect of his neglect of receiving the lame.

5 B

373 A.D.

2 Anne, c.

;i!l profit* hold

oRjtv civil or military, ?ml tcccive the

t»y. sch'r.

fa-, orv.a^es, altlio* »* te-

oMviu.* the fierament as by 2 .7///.V. c. 6. u ’tlunit the penalties in that or any oilier (itt.

374

A.D.

1779-80.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

CHAP. VII.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty an.additional Duty on Beert Ale, Wine, Tobacco, Hides, and other Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned; and for prohibiting the Importation of all Hold and Silver Lace, and of all Cambricks and Lawns, (except of the Manufacture of Great Britain) and of all Hops, except of the Growth of Great Britain and the British Plantations.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal (objects the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, having a just sense of your royal care for the prosperity of all your subjects, and well knowing that the security of this realm, and tile continuance of the manybleflings we enjoy under your Majesty's mild and auspicious reign, depend on the support of your Majesty's government: and where-as twelve thousand eile£live men, commission and non commission officers included, arc necessary to be maintained within this kingdom for its defence: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That three thousand and forty fir men, commission and non commission officers included, which have been raised in pursuance of an act of Parliament passed in this kingdom in the session of one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, be continued for eighteen -months from the first day of‘July one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the thirty first day of December one thousandfevcuhundred and eighty one, both inlcufive, so as that the'forces on the estabUfliment of this kingdom may amount tO’fifteen thousand and forty six cfiective men, commission and non commission officers included.

II. And in order to enable your Majesty to carry into execution your Majesty*? intentions and determined resolutions, signified to us by his excellency the lord viscount Townshend, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for the necessary defence of the fame twelve thousand effective men, commission and non commission'officers included, at all times, intless in cases of invasion.or rebellion in Great Britain, and to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government, we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, until the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in the year one thousand (oven hundred and eighty one inclusively, and no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland granted, raised, ct'Hcft-cd, levied, and paid tc your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several rates, additional duties, and impofltious herein after mentioned (that is to say) for and upon vevery thirty two gallons of beer or ale above the price of six shillings the bane), brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person or persons who doth, or do,<or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publicity or privately, such gallon to contain two hundred ami seventy-two cubical inches, and one fourth,part of a cubical inch, the sum of two shillings, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively, who shall brew, fell,

or tap out the fame, and so proportionably for a greater or )efs quantity; and ifor every thirty two gallons of beer or ale of the price of six shillings the barrel, or under, brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person or persons who -doth, or do, or dull fell or tap out beer

or

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 3 75

ot ale publickly or privately, each gallon to contain two hundred and seventy A.D. two cubical inches, and one fourth part of a cubical inch, the sum of four j pence, to be paid by the common brewer, or such other person or persons respect j,

lively, who shall brew, fell, or tap out the fame during the time aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity; for every pound weight of tobacco, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the sum of three pence halfpenny; and a further additional duty of eight pounds three shillings and five pence, and five twentieths of a penny, for and upon every twelve hundred fub-tile pounds of tobacco, whch shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, by natives, in cases not subject to alien's duty, or of two pounds nine shillings and four pence, and ten twentieths of a penny, for and upon every twelve hundred fuhtile pounds thereof, which shall be imported Inro this kingdom during the time aforesaid by aliens, or in cases subject to alien’s duty, and so in proportion for any greater or lofler quantities; the same to be paid down nett, without any allowance or discount; for every pound of green tea the sum of six pence, and for every pound of black bohea and other tea the sum of four pence, which shall he imported Into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties and culloms and excise; a further additional duty for and upon all teas imported into this kingdom, which shall have been purchased at the East India company’s sale or sales of prize teas condemned for an higher price than four shillings Britishi per pound, at the rate of one penny per pound weight for every six pence British that shall be paid for the same over and above the sum of four shillings iBritishi at any of the sales above mentioned from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred ami eighty one inclusive; the price of the said teas, if purchased at the East India company’s files, to be inferred in the

cnckets, and to be further ascertained by a reference to the sale books of the Euit India company, copies whereof, or of such parts thereof as shall relate to the teas so imported, attested by the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being of the-East India company die commissioners of the revenue are required to procure from time to time for the purposes above mentioned, and which copies shall be admitted as evidence in all prosecutions commenced or arising upon tills aft; and if the said teas be fold upon condemnation as prize teas their price to be ascertained by the certificate cockcts, or other documents, cxprciling the price or value at which such teas were sold by die captor or agent on condemnation; a duty of fourteen pounds thirteen shillings and four pence per ton for and upon all French wines; a duty of thirteen pounds per ton for and upon all wines of the growth of Portugal; a duty of ten pounds per ton on all wines of the growth of Spain; and a duty of thirteen pounds eleven shillings pa- ton for ami upon all Rhenifil wines and all other wines which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid above all other duties of customs and excise nou* payable for the fame, and so,proportionable for a greater or left quantity 5 and a further additional duty of ten pounds seven shillings per ton oil all French vines; and of five pounds per ton on all Spanifii, Rhcuith, am) other wines which shall be imported into tlus kingdom during the time aforesaid, except wines of the growth of Portugal, and so in propuition for any greater or Ids quantity; the said further additional duties of ten pounds seven shillings and fire pounds to be paid nett without any discount or allowance; a duty of fi x pence for every yard of muslin that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; a further additional duty of six pence per yard for and upon all chintzes, cillicoes, and muslins of the manufacture of China, Persia, and the East Indies, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; a duty of one shilling and six pence for every yard of all forts of silks and stuffs made or manufactured in Persia, China, or the Fail Indies, (hat shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; an additional duty of four pounds (tcrlingprr pound weight for and upon all velvets or manufactures made or mixed with

5 Ba silk

7 6 A-

i in Chap-W'-V

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

p (ilk (except those of Great Britain, China, Persia, and the East Indies) that.shall bi imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; a duty of three pence for and upon every pound weight of coftcc, chocolate, and cocoa nuts, that shall be im-j ported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; a further additional duty of two pence per pound for and upon all coffee that shall be imported into this king* dom during the time aforesaid; an additional duty of twenty shillings fterlingon every hundred weight of mobiles; an additional duty of twenty drillings on every hundred weight of treacle; an additional duty of six pence per yard for and upon all foreign stuffs called romals, and all manufactures made of cotton or of cotton and linen mixed, whether plain, painted or stained, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid from any part beyond the leas (except the manufacture of Great Britain ;) an additional duty of six pence per yard on all da* mafl: towelling or napkins, made of flax or hemp, imported into tins kingdom from foreign parrs, or from any other place than Great Britain, during the lime aforesaid, at or under a yard wide, and of one shilling per yard on all such goods from fix quarters to eight quarters wide; and of two shillings per yard on all such goods from eleven quarters to twelve quarters wide; an additional duty of one penny halfpenny per pound weight for and upon all hops that shall be imported into this kingdom from Great Britain during the time aforesaid; an additional duty of fifteen shillings for and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall keep in his or her possession, being in number not more than one; and of twenty shillings for every coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall keep exceeding that number, except hackney and stage carriages, and carriages kept by coach makers for fide; ami also an additional duty of five findings on ad cliaifes with two wheel?, which any person shall keep in his or her possession, except hackney cliaifes and cliaifes kept by the makers for sale, at any time between the twenty fourth dav of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive; an additional duty of thirty drillings for and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall keep in his or her possession, being iu number not more than one; and of forty shillings for every coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall keep exceeding that number, except hackney and stage coaches, and carriages kept by coach makers for fide; and also an additional duty of ten drillings on all cliaifes with two wheels, which any person shall keep in his or her possdfion, except hackney chaifcs, and cliaifes kept by the makers for file, at aify rime between the twenty fifth day of December, one. thousand seven hundred and cigjuy, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred ami eighty one indufive; an additional duty of one shilling per hundred for and upon all flour, meal, bread, and biscuit, except of the produce and manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported into this kingdom between the twenty fourth day of June,oiic thousand seven hundred and eighty, and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive; an additional duty of two drillings 'per barrel upon all wheat, except of the produce of Great Britain, imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, unless the middle price of wheat, at the port where the (amc shall be imported, shall exceed the price of twenty three shillings English per barrel at the time of such importation; the said price to be ascertained as directed by an act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty ninth year of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for the further encouragement of tillage, or as may be directed this session of Parliament; an additional duty of five pounds six shillings per ton for and upon all forts of vinegar that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid j a duty of five shillings to be paid by all and every person or persons that doth, do, or shall fell or tap out by retail any cyder at any time between the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and the twenty fifth d.iy of December, one thousand seven hundred and i eighty;

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

37 7

eighty , and of ten shillings by all and every person or persons that doth, do, or shall fell or tap out by retail any cyder at any time between the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred ami eighty, to the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one mclufire; a duty of one penny per gallon for and upon all cyder that shall be fold or tapped out by retail, to be paid by the person who shall fell or tap out the fame by retail, between the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive j an additional duty of five pounds per centum for and upon all china, earthen, j spanned or lacquered ware, as valued or rated for custom by the book of rates, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid *, a further additional duty of five pounds per centum for and upon the several goods and merchandizes (not being of the growth and produce or manufacture of Great Britain) herein after named, as the fame now (land rated for custom in the book of rates, or if unrated, shall be valued upon the oath of the importer, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above all other duties now payable for the fame; viz. apparel, apples, bacon and hams, beads of glass, chocolate, cocoa nuts, coffee, cork, capers, doves, currants, chesnuts, walnuts, small huts^ bugles, hulled barley, artificial flowers, milmary ware, pearl barley, fans, hats chip and draw, anchovies, sturgeon, pins, wrought ivory, olives, onions, prints and pictures, macc, nutmegs, wrought incle, drugs (not being for dyers use) elephants teeth furs, all lacquered, japanned, gilt, painted, bronzed, and enamelled ware, gloves of all forts, almonds, annifeeds, cinnamon, liquorice, pepper, ptamento, pruins, raisins, rice, faflron, fucccards, succus liquorithe, needles, thimbles, outnal threads, fillers threads, china and earthen ware, whited brown thread, and all other threads, haber-dalhery, hard ware, toys, mermits, iron pots, feifiars, fnulF, tiles, (hot, laces of cotton, thread, worded, or silk, groceries of all kind, except sugars, oranges and lemons, lime, lemon, and orange juice (nut being for dyers) tape, foreign linens, and all manufacture of flax and hemp; ail additional duty of one Hulling per rheam upon every rheam of paper, except brown, blue, and pressing paper, which shall be im* parted into this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, (except of the mauufa&urc of Great Britain) a duty of one shilling per barrel upon all herrings that shall be imported into this kingdom (except Britishi herrings) during the time aforesaid *, an additional duty of six pence for every raw and untanned hide which shall be exported out of this kingdom during the time aforesaid, except to Great Britain, which are to pay the present duty only; an additional duty of twenty Hulling per ton, for’.and upon every ton of soap boiler’s wade, and so in proportion for a greater or tef$ quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to any parts beyond the seas during the time aforesaid; an additional duty of three pounds per ton for and upon every ton of jinen rags, and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity, that shall be exported out of this kingdom to parts beyond the seas during the time aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who shall have upon the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or who shall have at any time between the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive, any salary, profits of employments, fees, or pensions, in this kingdom, shall, if he or (lie shall have fuel) salary, profits of employments, fees, or pensions on the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or at any time between the said twenty fourth day of June ami twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, pay unto your Majesty the full sum of four shillings (lerling out of every twenty shillings, which he or she do, or shall receive, or be entitled unto, by reason of fuel) Hilaries, pro* fits of employments, fees and pensions, over and above the charges and expencei Vol. XI. 5 C of

A.D. 1779.so. Chap. 7.

',37 8 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

executing, said employments; unless such person do or shall live and a&uatly j reside within this kingdom for ami during the space.of three calendarmomhs at lead

{ Ihaj) " kctv/cc:1 the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; and if he or she shall have such salary, profits of employments, fees or pensions, it any time between the fin’d twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one intiulive, then lie or ihcfliaU pay unto your Majesty the full sum of four shillings fter'ing out of every'twenty shillings, which he or (lie do or shall receive, or be entitled unto by reason of such Diaries, profits of employments, fees or pensions, over and above all charges and expences of executing said employments, unless such pcvfon do or shall live and actually reside within this kingdom for and during the space of six calendar months at lead between the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive; which said tax or duty of four shillings sterling, payable respectively on every twenty shillings within the respective times and terms aforesaid, shall be (lopped and deduced out of such respective fabrics, fees, and pensions, during the respective times and terms aforesaid, by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster or paymasters, ami receiver general of his Majesty's revenue, or by such person or perfoilS who is or are to pay the same; and which said tax of four shillings in the pound, to be (lopped and deducted as aforesaid by the person or persons, who is or are to pay the said salaries, shall be by him or them paid to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted lor to your Majesty; and also that the said tax of four shillings in the pound, to be (lopped and deducted out of the said fdarics, profits of employments; fees, and pensions, of any person or persons so absent as aforesaid, shall be (topped by the respective deputy or deputies of such person and persons lo absent as aforesaid, and paid by them to the find vice treasurer or vice tre.ifurer>, his or their deputy or deputies, to be accounted for to your Majesty; and that such deputy or deputies shall, within one calendar month after such tax shall become due, give iu upon oath an account before the lord chief baron or a-*y of the barons of the Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, of the net profits of such employment or employments, for which such deputy or deputies is, arc, or shall be accountable to their principals, which account such person or persons, to whom the same shall be given upon oath as aforesaid, shall forthwith send to the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies; and such deputy or deputies of such person or persons so absent as aforesaid shall within one calendar month, after such account given in before the chief baron or any of the barons of the Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace as aforesaid, pay to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, the sum due and payable to your Majesty for and on account of the said tax of four shillings in ‘the potmd, chargeable upon the net profits of such employment or employments, office orollices; and in case such deputy or deputies of the person or persons so absent as aforesaid shall omit or neglect to give in upon oath such account, or to Jiay the said tax’, within the respc£Hve times herein before for that p’urpose appointed, such dcpiity or deputies neglecting or omitting the fame from the time of such oiniflion or neglect thall be-incapable of excrcifuig or holding such deputation, and shall alftvforfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record at Dublin; one mo-iety thereof to the ui'e of your Majesty, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall sue for the same, in which suit no essoign, protection, wager of law, or- more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the secretary or secretaries of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and the agent or agents of the feveval persons who are entitled to receive any salaries, fees, or pensions, upon your Majesty's establishment, shall respectively on or before the twenty fifth day of

December,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 379

December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, deliver in upon oath, (which D.

oath the said lord chief baron or any of the barons of your Majestr’s court of j Exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, are hereby required and impowered to ddminister) to the belt of their knowledge a list or account of such of the olfi*. rsrs of the revenue, a.nd of the person or persons who are entitled to receive any such Diaries, fees, or penfiuns, who shall have been absent and out of this kingdom for three calendar months within the time aforesaid; and in case such feerctary or secretaries, agent or agents, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such'lifts respectively, lie or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the said oilico of feerctary or ficrcrarics, or from being agent or agents.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to charge the tax or duty of four shillings sterling on ci cry twenty shillings as aforesaid upon the salary, petition, fees, or profits of employments, payable to the defeendants of your Majesty's royal grandfather, or to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or to his or their principal feerctary, or to the duke of firunswick, prince Ferdinand, the duke and dutchess of Athol, the tight honour* able Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, or George Charles, esquire, if your Majesty shall think fit by your sign manual to exempt the Did duke of Brunswick, prince Ferdinand, the duke and dutchess of Athol, the said lord baron Hawke, and George Charles, or any of them, from the payment of the fame; nor shall the fame extend to the officers of the army, so far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions, nor shall the fame extend to the half pay officers on the establishment of this kingdom, or the widows of officers.

VI. Wheieas it is deemed reasonable and for the advancement of trade, that all goods am! merchandize, of the product and manufacture of this kingdom, to be ex* parted directly from this kingdom to the Britishi plantations in America, or to the West Indies, or into any of the settlements belonging to Great Britain on the coast of Africa, should (land chargeable with, and pay unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, duties ami rates to as great an amount, as goods and merchandize of the fame (humiliation and quality exported from Great Britain to such places now Hand chargeable with, whether the said charges be on the importation of the materials, of wliiJi the said goods and merchandizes arc made, or by duties on the exportation of the fame, or by inland excise, not drawn back or compensated for by bounties: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, granted, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs ami successors, upon the exportation of the several articles following from this Kingdom to any of the places afouTud, during the time aforesaid, the several rates, duties, and impnfitions Herein after mentioned, that is to say; for every ton of Inr iron the sum of two pounds ten shillings fielding, and so in proportion fur any greater or lefTer quantity; and for every ton of split, rolled, plated, or tinned iron, and for every ton of manufactured iron wares, the sum. of three p’Umls three shillings ami eleven pence; and so in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity; for and upon every hundred weight of hides, c.ilvc, skins,

Ups skins,’ tanned or tawed, and not drelied in oil,’.ami of sheep skins,

Mimed for gloves, or bazil, the sum of six shillings one penny and two

thirds; and for ami upon every hundred weight of hides drolled in oil, thq sum of one pound one shilling and three p.’iice two thirds; and for and upon every hundred weight of sheep skins, tawed, ami not tanned or diefled- ii\

oil, the sum of five shillings and three pence l^dfpenny; ami for and upon very hundred weight of sheep skins, tanned for roans, ami not dressed in oil, the sum of seven shillings and nine pence ten twelfths; and for and upon ocry hundred weight of sheep skins, dressed in oil, the luni of eleven shillings and two pence four twelfths; and for:.and upon every hundred weight of

S C 2 u calves

380 The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George III.

A.D.

calves skins, dressed in oil, the sum of one pdund eight shillings and one half-

1779-80. penny; and for and upon every dofen of vellum the sum of three shillings

Chap. 7. ant* ^ircc pence; and for ami upon every dozen of parchment the sum of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny; and for and upon all kid's hair a duty after the rate of one (lulling for every twenty shillings value thereof, as the same shall be valued on the oath of the exporter, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler quantities which shall be exported as aforesaid; the said several duties to be in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties and custom now payable to his Majesty upon the exportation of the said several articles respectively; also for and upon every hundred weight of soap an additional duty of one (lulling and six pence; and for and upon every ton of lapis calaminaris, the produce of this kingdom, an additional duty of two shilling and two pence; for

and upon all Innib Heins an additional duty after the rate of one shilling and ten pence halfpenny for every hundred and twenty skins; and for and upon every hundred weight of lamb skins tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, a further additional duty of four shillings and two pence halfpenny; and for and upon every hundred weight of lamb skins, tanned for glovers, or bazil, a further additional duty of five shillings and two thirds of a penny; and for every hundred weight of lamb skins dressed in oil, a further additional duty of ten shillings and one penny and one third of a penny; and for and upon all goat skins tawed an additional duty after the rate of eleven shillings and eight pence for every one hundred and twenty skins; and for and upon every pound weight of goat skins tanned with fumack to refembie Spanish leather an additional duty of four pence and four twelfths of a penny; anil for and upon all pelts, an additional duty after the rate of two shillings and nine pence four

twelfths for every hundred pelts; and for and upon all pieces or pans of skins

tawed or tanned, and not dressed in oil, a duty after the rate of two shilling* for every twenty shillings value thereof; and for and upon all pieces or parts of skins, dressed in oil, a duty after the rate of one shilling for every twenty shillings value thereof; and for and upon every hundred weight of pieces or parts of skins dressed in oil, a further duty of six shillings and two pence two thirds; for and upon every pound weight of grey rabbit fur or coney hair, an additional duty of one penny and nine twentieths; and for and upon all black coney skins -with or without silver hair an additional duty after the rate of one shilling and six pence eight twentieths for every hundred and twenty skins.

VII. And for better avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the feve-rnl kinds of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, chargeable by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforefiwl, That by tanned hides or skins, or by tanned pieces of hides or skins, are meant only such, as are tanned in oofc, made of the bark of trees or fumack, or whereof the principal ingredients shall be fuel) bark or fumack; and that by hides and skins dressed in oil, or pieces of hides and skins dressed in oil, are meant such, as are made into leather in oil, or with any liquor or materials whereof the chiefest ingredients shall he oil; and that by tawed hides or skins, or by tawed pieces of hides or skins, are meant such, as are dressed or made into leather in allum and salt or meal, or other ingredients properly used by the tawers of white leather.

VIII. And whereas the duties payable upon the exportation of iron, iron ware, hides, calve skins, kip skins, (beep skins, vellum, parchment, and kids hair, in lieu sv/iereof the duties herein before mentioned are imposed by this act, do now constitute a part of his Majesty's hereditary revenue: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the produce of the several rates, duties, and inipo/ltiom, to be raised, levied, granted, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of this act upon the said last mentioned articles, as the 'duties now payable thereon would have amounted to, in case they had continued to be levied upon the exportation of said articles, shall be placed to the account of his Majesty's hereditary revenue; and that a separntc and distinct account be

t kept

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 3S1

Iccpt by the proper officers of such amount upon all and every the aforesaid A. J). articles, which shall be so exported. I

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and af- y

ter the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no

person or persons whatsoever shall fell or tap out. by rctji! any cyder within this kingdom, but only such as shall be licensed according to the directions of this act under such penalty, as herein after is expressed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's excise, or any three of them, and the collectors of his Majesty's excise in their fercral and respective didricts, from time to time to issue and grant such licence for the felling and tapping out cyder by retail, and that for every such licence so to be granted the sum of one (lulling and one penny, and no more, Audi be paid or demanded as a fee for the fame; and if any person or persons shall from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, fell or tap out cyder by retail without such licence as a forced, every such person so offending shall for every time, he or flic shall so offend, forfeit ami pay the sum of five pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforei'.iid, That for the better ordering and collecting the said duty of one penny pgr gallon for ami upon all cyder that shall be fold or tapped out by retail, it JiuJj ami may be lawful ta and for the gauger or gaugers and officers of excise* within their respective dtlhicU from time to time from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to enter in the day time into the houses, outhouses, (lore houses, and cellars of every retailer or retailers of cyder, and to take an account of all such cyder, as Hull be found in the pofli-ffion of such retailer or retailers, and to charge such retailer or retailers with the said duty of one penny pgr gallon accordingly.

Xlf. And be it further enacted by the authority aihrelaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, every tet.iiler of cyder shall {hew to the gauger or officer of excite on demand ail Ms or her (lock of cyder then on hand; and in case any such retailer or retailers of cyder, or his, her, or their servantor servants (in case such retailer or retailers shall no: be present, when the gauger or officer of excise shall come to such retailer’s house to take flock as aforesaid) shall refuse to make declaration, and fiiow all his or iier flock of cyder then on hand, every such retailer shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds, and if such gauger or officer of excise shall alter declaration nude as aforesaid find any cyder in the possession or custody of such retailer or retailers, over and above the quantity so fiiewn ami declared, such retailer shall likewise forfeit and lose the fmn of ten pounds.

XU). And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better col-lecling the said duty chargeable on every person who shall keep any carriage with four wheels or carriage with two wheels (except as before excepted) every per-foa, who from ami after the said twenty foutth day of June, one thousand fcvui hundred and eighty, dull have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, or chaise uith four wheels, shall within three calendar months after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty* or within three calendar mouths after lie or fiie shall have kept any such coach, chariot, berlin, nlalh, or chaise with four wheels, or eluile with two wheels, by writing under his or her hand certify to the coUcclor of excite in ibjm* one of the di/tricte,

'"'herein lie or fhc shall reside and dwell, within the time aforesaid, a true account of every such coach, chariot, berlin, ca/a/h, anil chaile with four wheels, or chaise vith two wheels, which he or she shall have or keep (except hackney or stage carriages ami carriages kept by the makers for sale,) with the name of the place and parish of his or her refuUmce or abode at the time of giving such ccr-Vol. XI. 5 17 tiiicjre,

3;S2

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

tificate, which said certificate shall be kept by the respective collectors of the several districts in this kingdom for the time being, and ihallbe also entered or registered in an alphabetical book to be by them respectively kept for that purpot, j and a copy of such entry, signed by stich collector or his clerk, to be delivered, if required, without fee or reward, to the person delivering such certificate, and a number shall be entered on each certificate so registered.; and that the said collectors respectively shall under their hands on or before the twenty fifth day of December in each year, give a true lift of all coaches, chariots, berlins, calafhcs, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, from time to time returned to then* respectively in such certificates, with the names of the persons and places of their abode, respectively mentioned in such respective certificates, to the persons who for the time being shall be appointed by the commissioners of his M.ijdty’s revenue ofcxcile,or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties; and that such persons, as Hull be appointed by the said commissioners of excise, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties on coaches, chariots, berlins, caiafhes, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, shall have full power and authority to levy, collect, and receive the same within the district, wherein the certificate shall be entered, in the same manner ns his Majesty's revenue arising from fire hearths is now by law levied, collected, and received, and shall respectively sign and deliver acquit* tances without fee or reward for the fame, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances are given and kept for the duty of fire hearths, and shall respectively return the book containing the duplicates of such acquittances to such person and persons, and at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner, as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the said duty on fire hearths arc returned; and that the duties aforesaid shall be paid in their respective districts, wherein the said carriages shall be entered or registered respectively, and in no other.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall have or keep any coach, chariot, betlin, calafli,or chaifewith four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, chargeable with the said duties or any of them by virtue of this act, which shall not be certified in manner as aforesaid, then and in such case every such person and persons, so having or keeping such coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, not certified as aforesaid, shall for such neglect forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and methods, as are prescribed and appointed for the recovery of penalties in and by an act of Parliament made and passed in the said fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the said King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors1 according to the hoi of rates therein inserted.

XV. Provided neverthelessj That every person {except as before excepted) having in his or her keeping or possession any coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels or chaise with two wheels belonging to another, shall be charged for every such coach, chariot, berlin,-calalh, or chaise with four wheels or chaise with two wheels, with the said duty or duties imposed by this act, in the same manner as the owner or proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame by this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons, who for the time being shall be authorized and tmpowered to collect and levy the said duty or duties, or any of them on coaches, chariots, berlins, calaflies, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, shall pay the same to the said collectors of the several districts, where the said duty shall be collected and raised, and that the said collectors shall keep separate and distinct accounts thereof, and pay the same into lus Majesty’streasury, as other money-received by them for the use of your Majesty.

1779-80 Chap. 7

The ninileenih ami twentieth Years of George III. 3 S3

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend or be conflmed to A.D. extend 'to charge any person or persons, who shall keep and certify to the said collectors of excise in manner above -mentioned any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, with the said additional duties of five shillings and ten shillings respectively chargeable upon chaises with two wheels, nor to charge any cabriolet or garden chair, or to oblige such person or persons to make any entry of any such chaises with two wheels, or of such cabriolet or garden chair.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective additional duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted,

Dull be raised, answered,.levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid over and above all other duties payable by virtue of an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling the excise cr new itnpojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and fucccjjhrs, according to the hook of rates therein inserted, or by virtue of one other act made -in - the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the said King 'Charles the second, entitled, An act for settling the fub-fuh if p,ll,!(lag£i and for granting a subsidy of tonnage, and other sums of money unto his rspal Majesty, his heirs and fttecessors, the same to be paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to a booh of rates hereunto annexed, except where it is otherwise herein particularly provided and enacted.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the six pence per pound and all other fees, which shall or may be payable to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon ifiuttig or payment of any sum or furns of money which shall or may arise out, or shall or may be received for or on account of, the several duties and aids hereby granted to your Majesty, Hull be applied by the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to the said duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

XX. Provided always, ami be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said tobacco or other goods and merchandizes herein before mentioned, upon which the fail! additional duties and further additional duties hereby granted are charged upon the importation thereof, except herrings -imported, shall after payment thereof, or security given for the fame, be again -exported by any merchant or merchants, that is oraresubject or subjects of this realm, or any other of your Majesty's dominions, within twenty four calendar months, or by merchant Grangers, within twelve calendar months, after the importation thereof, and due proof first made by certificate from the proper officer of the due entry and payment of the said additional duties and further additional duties hereby granted and charged thereon, or security being given for the fame, and -that all other re-quifites have been performed, which are by law required to be performed in those cases, where the duties of excise are to be repaid by virtue of the before mentioned act, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new hnpojl upon his Majesty, his heirs mlfueeejjrsy according to the booh of rates therein inserted, that then the said additional duties and further additional duties hereby tmposed dull without any delay or reward, if the same shall have been paid, be repaid or allowed unto such merchant or merchants foexporting the fame within one month after demand thereof} or if the same shall not have been paid, the security for the said additional duties and further additional duties by this act charged shall be vacated or discharged, ns to so much thereof as shall be so exported, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, except in such cases as maybe otherwise enacted or provided for this session of Parliament} and also that not only the said additional and further additional duties, but also nil other duties and customs paid on tobacco imported by virtue of this or any other act or acts of Parliament nude in this kingdom, shall in like manner be fully repaid, if the fame Hull have been paid, or, if the fam«

Hull not have been paid, the security for paying the same shall be vacated or dif*

5 D 2 charged*

1779-So. Chap. 7,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

charged, as to so much thereof as shall be so exported in manner and by the persons within the respective times aforesaid.

XXI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the additional rates and duties hereby granted and imposed on coffee, chocolate, and cocoa nuts, except the said duty of two pence per pound on coffee, and all monies ariffng thereby, shall be paid to the tru flees appointed for the management of the hempen and flaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied to encourage and support the said manufactures and the trade thereof In this kingdom; and that the said additional duties on raw and untanned hides, and all monies ariffng thereby, shall be paid to the said trustees to be by them applied towards encouraging the railing of fhxfeed in this kingdom *, and that so much of the produce of all the said duties ariffng upon tens, as shall amount to the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, being after the rate of ten thousand pounds per annum for the time aforesaid, shall in the fuss place be paid to the said truffccs to be by them applied in such manner, as shall be directed by Parliament, and in failure of such direction then in such manner as shall appear to them moss conducive to die encouragement of the hempen and linen manufactures; and that so much of the residue of the said duties upon teas, as shall amount to the sum of ten thousand nine hundred and fifty pounds, bang after the rate of seven thousand pounds three hundred pounds per annum for the said time, shall be placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary revenue; and that the surplus of the produce of the said duties on teas shall be applied for the suppoit of your Majesty's government as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates, and impofmons hereby granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the term aforesaid, at the fame rime, in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures and with such powers, as ate appointed, directed, and expressed for the railing, answering, collecting, and paying of said duties in and by the act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign oflving Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and fi:-eejjbrS) according to the kook of rates therein inserted, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, ami enacted again in the body of this present act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise, is provided.

XXIII. Aml.be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, a separate and diffind account shall be kept by the proper officer or officers of the several sums ariffng from the aforesaid several aids, duties, and taxes hereby granted as aforesaid; and that the commissioners of Ills Majesty's revenue shall return their weekly abflra&s from the several collector.-; to the accountant general; and that the accountant general shall return a separate account of the aforesaid sums arising from the said aids, duties, and taxes hereby granted to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies; and that every collector or receiver do take a separate receipt for the fame, when paid Into his Majesty's treasury, which said receipt the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further cuacled by the authority aforesaid, That the several sums herein after mentioned be paid out of the aforesaid additional duties and aids granted to your Majesty by this present act to the persons and for the purposes herein after mentioned, (that is to say) that a sum after the rate of two thousand pounds per annum for eighteen months be given to the truffccs oi the linen mauufa&urc to encourage the railing sufficient quantities of hemp

384

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 7.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 385

ind (lax in this kingdom; that a further sum after the rate of two thousand pounds D» ptamm be given for eighteen mouths to the trustees of the linen manufacture 1779--80* for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures in the provinces of Qhapa 7 Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, which said fever.il Turns, so granted to the hid trustees of the flaxen and hempen manufactures, shall be-tfreed and discharged from the payment of the six pence fir pound and all oilier fees, which frail or nay be payable to the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom; the sum of one thousand pounds to the trustees appointed for carrying on the improvement of Cork harbour; the sum of six thousand pounds to the governors of the foundling hospital and work house, towards enabling them to discharge the debts by them contratted for the use of that charity, and towards supporting their necessary expences; the sum of one hundred pounds to Mrs. Elizabeth Molloy, house keeper of the parliament house, for her extraordinary expence and trouble occasioned by additional buildings; the sum of five hundred pounds to Henry Patterfoo and Hugh Cleary for the damage they have sustained by a riotous mob; the sum of three thousand pounds to the lord mayor, freritfs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin cowards carrying on the ballast office wall; the sum of one thou-find five hundred pounds to the board of first fruits for building new churches, and rebuilding old churches in such parlflies as no divine publick service has been performed in for twenty years past; the sum of four thousand pounds to the trustees of the circular road for compleating and finishing the said road j the sum of one thousand pounds to the lord mayor, fherirTs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin for finifluug and compleating the new gaol; the sum of three thousand nine hundred and thirty six pounds to the lord chancellor and chief judges for carrying on the building of offices for the publick records; the sum of six thousand pounds to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin for the support of the house of industry in aid of the charitable contributions; the sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds to the Dublin Society for the improvement of huf-bmdry and other useful arts in Ireland, one half of said sum at the least to be applied to the encouragement of agriculture and planting; the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds to the governors of the Hibernian schoo] for the support of that charity; the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds to the Hibernian marine society towards supporting the said charity; all which said several Turns are to be paid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver general, or receivers genial of tins kingdom, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalL

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of‘June one thousand seven hundred and eighty the several Turns granted by this act, or any other act of Parliament now in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the rjifing sufficient tjuantiries of flax and hemp in this kingdom, and for the encouragement of the hempen and fljxcu manufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, fha 11 be applied to such purposes only, and no other; and that a separate and dillinft account shall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof, and be laid before Parliament.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the tax of ouc Hilling per barrel, hereby granted and imposed on all herrings imported into this hngJonijbe paid to the Dublin Society, to be by them applied to the encouragement cl the fisheries in the north weft parts of this kingdom.

XXVII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, |Jcr That no gold or ftlver lace, cambricks, or lawns whatsoever (ex- wmbrick. or ceptof the manufacture of Great Britain) nor any hops, except orc'nS, of the growth of Great Britain, or of the BritilU colonies in 1,0 '"’P'1

Yor. XL 5 E America

386 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

America or the West Indies, shall from and after the twenty 1779-80. fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty be imported into this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever un-Britah°or G ^er the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks, and the Colonies, lawns, and hops, and treble the value thereof,' and of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, forfeited tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel; one moiety of which "ons &e <I"P’ forfeiture ssidl be and remain to your Majesty, your heirs and to King and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall seize exchequer. "l aild sue for the same by action, bill, plaint, or information in the court of exchequer, wherein no wager of law, protection, essoign. or other dilatory plea shall be allowed.

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for granting to his Majrjly, his Heirs and Successors, Jiveiiii Ditties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in Parliament assembled, being delirous to raifu such aids and fepp!;ca as may be sufficient to support with honour and dignity your Majesty's government,do humbly present to yourM.ijesty the frdc gift of the r.Ucs and duties herein aftei mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords fptritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousami feus; hundred and eighty, there shall be throughout the kingdom of Ireland raised, collccb ed, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty fourth day of June aforesaid, 'till the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive, for the several And respecti- matters and things herein after mentioned, which shall be written or engrafted at su.y time or times from the find twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred ami eighty one inclusive, the several and respetUve rates, impositions, duties, charges, ami sums of money herein after expressed, in manner and form following, (that is to say for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fliect of paper, 011 which shall be engrafted or written during the time aforesaid any dispensation to hold twe ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other <lif-pcnfction or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or mailer of the faculties fot the time being, the sum of six pounds; for every lkin or piece of vellum or parchment-or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any grants or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privilege to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplifications of the fame, (commissions of rebellion in process always excepted) the sum of six pounds 5 for every lkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fiieet of paper, on which shall be (engrafted or written during the time aforesaid any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or furerffott, of any sum of money exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pass the gica; seal of Ireland, the sum of six pounds; for every flan or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fiieet of paper, on which shall be engrafted or written, during the time aforesaid any grant of any office or employment, which shall be above tie v>

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 387

hie of two hundred pounds per annumi the sum of six pounds; for every skin or fa piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrofT- 1779-80. ed or written during the time aforesaid, any pardon (except the pardon passed in g

firm pauperis) of or for any crime or offence, or of any sum of money or forfeiture whatsoever, or on which any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or other forfeiture, shall be engrossed or written, the sum of three pounds 5 for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment* or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money, not exceeding two hundred pounds, nor less than one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, the sum of three pounds; for every fldn or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper- on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any grant of any office or.employment, which shall be above the value of fifty pounds per annum, and under the value of two hundred pounds per annum, the sum of three pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, proflor, notary, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, or other perquisites, or any appeal from the court of admiralty or the prerogative court, or from any archicpifcopal court, the sum of three pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any grant of lands in fee, Ic'afe for years, or other grant of profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or the seal of the exchequer (cujlodiam leases excepted) the sum of two pounds; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be dignified or written during the time aforesaid, any presentauon or donation, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any collation to lie made by any archbishop or bishop, or any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year or upwards, the sum of two pounds, the value to be ascertained by the certificate of the archbishop or bishop, or vicar general of the dioceses; provided always, that two or more benefices epifcopnliy united shall be deemed and taken to be 0:1c benefice only; fin every skin or piece of vellum or parchment or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid, any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever, the sum of ten shillings; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any infiitution that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or ccclcfiaflical court whatsoever, the sum of ten shillings; provided that an infiitution to two or more benefices episcopally united shall be considered as t~>

Angle benefice; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or flicct of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid, any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any other court of record whatsoever, the sum of five shillings; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or flicct of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid, any writ of error, certiorari, or appeal, except to the delegates, the sum of five shillings; for every skin or piece oT,vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on wliidi shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any sentence, that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or any attachment that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation of-any such attachment, die sum of five shillings; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fiiect of paper, on which shall be cn-S E 2 grofled

3 88 The nineteenth and twentieth Years oj George III.

A, J), grossed or written, during the time aforesaid any probate of a will, or letters of 7 jyp-go. administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, the sum of five fliil-Chap. 8. KnS* > for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (beet of paper, on \*/"*+mj which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants or agreements, statute staple, or statute merchant, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by persons applying for licences to fell by vctail beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly, the sum of five shillings; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fhcct of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any writ of covenant for levying a fine, the sum of five shillings; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or iheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any record of nisi print or pojiea, the sum of five shillings 5 for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any writ of entry for differing a common recovery, the sum of five drillings; for every skin* or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper, 011 which shall be engrafted or written during the time aforesaid any judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the mailer of any office, or his deputy, or fecoij-dary, or by any prothonotary, or his secondary, deputy, or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the city of Dublin, who have powtr or usually do or shall sign judgments, after the rate of five drillings for every judgment engrailed or written on such skin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any commission i flu ing out of any ecclesiastica) court, not herein before particularly charged, the sum of five shillings; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the coutc of admiralty, (except in suits for the payment of seamen’s wages) the sum of five shillings; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or fhcct of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid, any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any other pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, the sum of two drilling and six pence; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or dicet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any indenture, Ieafe, or deed poll, not hereby otherwise charged, except indentures for binding poor paridi or other poor children supported by publick or private charities apprentices, the sum of two drillings and six pence; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which dull be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any writ of habeas carpus, the sum of one drilling; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or dieet of paper, on winch dull be engrailed or written during the time aforesaid any special bail to be taken in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the f.rid courts, or in any other court whatsoever, or any appearance upon such special bail, the sum of one drilling; for every lk’rn or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or Jheei of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid, any decree or dismission, made by or in the courts of chancery or exchequer, the sum of one drilling; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or flicer of paper, ou which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that shall be made upon any such bail, the sum of one shilling; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any admission into auy corporation or company, the 6 sum

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 389

(am of one flailing;' for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece A.D. orflieetof paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time afore- 1779-80# said any affidavit (except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers Qxap. {f, of his Majesty's customs or excise, or any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation zcting as a justice of the peace, or acting in any court of confluence or of summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize, or commission of oyer and terminer relative to prosecutions on trials on indictments, or to civil bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of railing or accounting for publick money, and except affidavits made xelative to the hempen and flaxen manufacture, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or affidavits made before the Dublin society) the sum of one shilling; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment or piece or sheet of paper, upon which any copy of such affidavit, as is herein before charged, that shall be filed or read in any court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written during the time afore-fat'd, the sum of one shilling; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any original writ (except such original upon which a writ of capias tfliies) fubpamt writ of capias quommts, writ of dtdimus poujlatm, to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall issue out of, or pass the foals of any of the courts at the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever, holding pica, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or abovei or the thing in demand is of that value, the sum of one (lulling; for every skin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or Ihect of paper, on which shall he engrossed or written during the time aforesaid, any entry of any action in the mayor's and (herifls courts of the city of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process, or mandate issue, holding plea where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, the sum of one stuffing; for every skin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any rule or order (except in causes prosecuted upon imliftmems, or which relate to presentments) made or given in any of the courts at the city of Dublin, cither courts of law or equity, which shall be taken out, the sum of one drilling; for every ikin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper, on which dial) be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any copy of such rules or orders (except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to presentments entered) or the copies of any other records or proceedings in any of the said courts of the city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged, the sum of one ftiilling; for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (facet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any citation or monition, made in the prerogative court, or in any ccclcfiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence, or final decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ccclcfiastical court, or the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engrossed or written (except in suits for recovery of seamens wages) the sum of one ftiilling; for every ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any charter party, policy of assurance, passport, bond, relcafe, contract, or other obligatory instrument, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, or any other notarial a# whatsoever, the sum of one (lulling; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (licet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any depositions taken in the court of chancery or court of exchequer, except the paper draughts of depositions taken by virtue of any commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein before charged, the sum of one penny; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment,

3.9<3. The nineteenth and-twentieth Years of George III.

A.' D. ®r piece or &cet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or Written during the /79"8o* ^me aI"ore^'1^ any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, CAap. S. interrogatories, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever taken in the court of chancery or court of exchequer, or in any court of equity, the sum of one penny \ for every lkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or street of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any copy of any will attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical court, the sum of two pence 5 for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or ffiect of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law, or any copy thereof, the sum of two pence; for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or (beet of paper, on which shall be engrossed or written during the time aforesaid any certificate or debenture for drawing back any customs or duties for or in respect of the reshipping or exporting of any goods or merchandizes, which at any time or times from and after the twenty fourth day of June one themfand seven hundred and eighty, to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred ami eighty one metufive, shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, from the kingdom of Ireland for any parts beyond the seas, to be paid by the person for whose benefit or at whose in (lance such debenture or certificate shall be obtained, the sum of four pence*, that a duty of one penny be paid during the time aforesaid for every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time lcTs than a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any and (licet or piece of paper only, and of two pence for every other almanack Or Calendar for any one particular year; and that for every almanack or calendar frtade to serve for several years, the respective rates aforesaid shall be paid for every such year; that there be paid during the time aforesaid for all papers containing publick ne*.vs, intelligence, or occurrences, a duty of 011c half-penny for every sheet or piece of paper less than a (licet, on which such news, intelligence, or occurrences shall be printed} that there be paid during the time aforesaid for every pamphlet or paper, not exceeding fix (heels in octavo, or in a lesser page, or not exceeding twelve (beets in quarto, or twenty sheets in folio, so printed, a duty after the rate of one shilling fterfing for every fiieet of any kind of paper, which dial] be contained in one printed copy or impression thereof; that there be paid during the time aforesaid a duty of six pence for every advertisement to be contained in or published with any gazette, news paper, or journal, to be published weekly or oftner, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick ycatly, monthly, ot at any other interval of time.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable consideration for or upon the loss of any ship, vessel, goods, Wages, money, eflefti, or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss whatsoever, or for Of Upon any life 01 lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of afiiirance within the meaning of this act.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing, between the captain or matter, or owner of any ship or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, Wares, merchandizes, or efie&s, laden, or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charter party within the meaning of this att.

IV. And for preventing a^uses committed by arrefiing persons without any writ or legal process to justify the fame, by means whereof the duty hereby given to

the

the nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George III. 391

the crown upon such process, will be loft, be it further enacted by the authority A.D. aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand 1779-80. seven hundred and eighty, every officer or clerk belonging, or which shall Chap. 8. hereafter belong, to the court of king’s bench, common pleas, or exchequer, who shall figu any writ or process before judgment to arrest any person or persons thereupon, shall at the signing thereof set down upon such writ or process the dar and year of the signing the fame j which IhaJi be entered upon the remembrancer roll, or in the book where the abstracts of such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every offence or neglect of such officer or clerk aforesaid; to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in any court of record of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccdlors, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no wager of Jaw, protection, or eifoign, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all books and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack, by whatsoever name or names entitled , or described, arc and shall be charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanacks, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pmphlets, or any other printed papers; any thing herein contained to the coil-:r.;rv notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained shall not cvtoul to charge any bills of exchange, accounts, bills of parcels, bills of fees, ora«y bills or note (not foaled) for payment of money at fight, or upon de-nnml, or at the end of certain days of payment.

VII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend to charge the probate of any will or letters of administration of any common fcaman or so!-di:r, v.ho shall be flain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding cflicer of the troop or company under whom' such fcaman or fohlier forved at the time of his death, and oath (or if by a quaker a folcnut affirmation) shall be made of the truth thereof before the proper judge or officer, by whom such probate or cJininistration ought to be granted, winch oath or affirmation such judge or officer’ i'hereby authorized and required to adtmnifter, and for which no fee or reward il.all be taken.

VIII. Provided also, That none of the rates, duties, or sums of money, before in this act expressed, Hull be raiftd, levied, collected, or paid, or be payable unto his Majesty by virtue of this act, by any person or persons that shall be admitted m sue or defend in forma pauperis, so far as relates to the fair, in which he or they (In! be so admitted to sue or defend.

IX. Provided also, That this act, or any clause therein contained, shall not bi construed to charge with any duty any warrant made by, or recognizances taken before anyjultice or justices of the peace, or any proceedings of any court martial which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrants, recognizances,

ml proceedings, shall and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment' of any of the duties before mentioned in this act.

X. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to charge any acts of Parliament, proclamation, order of council, forms of prayer ami thnitkfgiving, or any acts of (hue, which shall be ordered by his Majesty, his heirs or filcceflors, of by the ford lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed, or the printed votes, or other matters which are or shall b£ ordered to be printed by cither house of Parliament, with any of the said duties on pamphlets or news papers, or to charge any books commonly used in mv of the schoots of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion ir piety, with the said duties on pamphlets, or to charge any single advertisement printed by itself, or the daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and erported,'

die weekly bills of mortality (so as such accounts or bills do contain no other 5 F a matters

39& The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

matters, than what have been usually comprized therein) with any the duties j 7y(j-8o. aforesaid-i any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Chap. 8. XI- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and

v______ more ertcftual levying, collecting, and paying unto his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, the several and respective duties hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this hingdom for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint such p«-fons, as his Majesty, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think (it, to be commissioners or officers for the stamping and marking of parchment, vellum, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon; and that the commissioners so to be appointed, shall keep their head office in some convenient place within the city of Dublin: And the said commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered under their hands and feats to appoint such other inferior officers with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for the marking or stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, or for the better collecting or levying the duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as they in their discretion shall think proper.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several commissioners and officers for the stamping or marking vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, appointed in pursuance of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, hi: heirs and fiecessors, several dutiei vptn vellum, parchment, and paper, and also of one other act, passed in the fertion of Parliament holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty, his heirs and successort, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and also of one other act passed in a fertion of Parliament holden in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of lus Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty, hu heirs and successors, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and also of one other act passed in this present session of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and fuceejfars, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and the several inferior officers appointed by the said commissioners in pursuance of the said acts, as also such ether commissioners and officers as shall he hereafter appointed.pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance of this act, for the more effectual levying the several duties hereby granted continue to act in the several offices to which they have been or shall be so appointed, in like manner,

-with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the fame restrictions and limitations, as are mentioned in the said recited acts, or one of them, unless they shall be sooner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, or by the bid commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XIII. And be it further drafted by the authority aforesaid, That the several types, marks, or (lamps, already provided by tire said commissioners for the several amlre-spective duties granted by the said recited acts, or hereafter to be provided by them for the several and respective duties hereby granted shall be used for the stamping and impressing of all vellum, parchment, and paper, on which any of the several and respective things herein before charged shall be engrolTcd or written j and that the said types, marks, or stamps, or any of them, shall or may be altered, or renewed from time to time, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit, so aspublick notification thereof be given by proclamation,to be iffited under the great seal of Ireland, a convenient time before the said types, j nrarlu,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 353

narks, or (bmps shall be altered or renewed* to the end that all persons may A.D.

hare doe notice thereof. j 775-80.

XIV. And that all courts of justice and judges whatsoever shall without any Chap. 8. allegation or proof on that behalf take judicial notice of the several types* marks*

and damps, heretofore appointed by virtue of the said recited acts* or hereafter to H be appointed by virtue of this act, and of all types, marks and (lamps, which shall or may be hereafter published by virtue of any proclamation or proclamations* which shall or may be issued as and for the true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps, to be made use of in pursuance of this ach

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commission-ersin providing types, marks, and stamps from time to time shall take care, they be so contrived, that the impression thereof may be durable* and that the fame may be the lead liable to be forged or counterfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners heretofore configured or hereafter to be constituted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being as aforesaid* shall and may from rime to rime* as they shall see occasion, appoint a fit person to attend in any court or office to take notice of the vellum* parchment, or paper j upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid shall be engrossed, written* or put* and of the marks or (lamps thereupon, and of all other matters and things tending to secure his Majesty's duties arising by this act and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the request or requests of the said cotnmif* boners, or of any two or more of them, shall make such orders in the respective courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalf i and that every commissioner and other officer hereafter to be appointed, before he proceeds to the execution of this act, shall take the oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, that will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me pursuant to an Gt\ of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty* his heirs and successors, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment* and paper* withoutfraud or amolment, and will front time to time true account make of my doings therein, and deliver the same to such person or pet few, as his Majesty, his heirs orfuccjfors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the tune being, hth appointed, or hereafter shall appoint, to receive such account, and will take no fee, reward, or proft for the execution or performance of the said trust* or the htjiness relating thereunto, from any person or persons, other than such as shall he paid or allowed by his Majesty, his heirs or fttccessors* or by fame other person or persons for that purpose authorized by his Majesty, or by the lord lieutenant or other chief governs or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

And such oath shall and may be adoumflcred to any fucll commissioner or Commissioners by any two or more of the fame commissioners, whether they shall have taken the fame previously or not\ and any of the said commissioners, or any justice of the peace within the kingdom of Ireland, Hull and may admiui/ler the likeoutli to any subordinate officer.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, and other officers, heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed 3$ aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be employed, or intruded by or under them as aforesaid, shall from time in and for the better execution of their tVveral places and trulls observe and perform such rules, methods, and orders, as they respectively have received or shall receive from time to time from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time bring; and that the said commissioners shall take special care, that the fcvcTal parts of this kingdom from time to time be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parch-

Vou XI 5 G mens,

394 The nineteenth and twentiethTears of George. III.

A.D.

went, arid paper; stamped, or marked as. aforesaid, so as his MajestjVsubjects

j 77P'8o ma7 have *t in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be em-

Chap. 8 P,0Te'* ^7 f-ii'd commissioners at the usual or most common rates above the said dut,y, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper to be Ihmped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves or others that shall have done the same.

XVIII. And to the end that his Majesty may not be defrauded of any of the duties hereby granted, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all records, writs, pleadings, ami other proceedings, in courts of law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever, hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such manner, as they have beeu usually accustomed to be written, or are now written.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all writings, matters, and things, in respect whereof any of the said duties {halt be payable, and which shall be engrossed or written after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be written in such manner, that some part thereof shall be either upon, or as near as conveniently may be, to the {lamps or marks, which shall in pursuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the same shall be written or engrossed, upon pain that the person who shall write or engross, or canfe to be written cr engrossed, any such writing, matter, or thing contrary to- the tenor and true meaning hereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the fnm of ten pounds, with full colls of suit.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, hereby intended to be charged With the several and respective duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head office aforesaid to be stamped and marked; and the said commissioners and officers are hereby required upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the same forthwith without fee or reward to (lamp or mark any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or officers, as shall bk appointed in that behalf, the respective duties hereby directed to be paid for the same.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons {halt be arrested from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by any writ, bill, or process issuing out of any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, and the sheriff or other officer shall take bail from such person, against whom such writ, bill, or process'is. taken out, the (hcriff or other officer at the icquest and colls of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or his lawful attorney, shall nffign to the plaintiff ill such action the hail bond, or other security taken from such bail, by endorsing the fame, and attefling it under his hand and seal, in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, which may be done without any damp, provided the assignment so emlorfed, be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon j and also that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all sheriffs and other officers having authority to grant replevins, when and as often as it shall become necessary for 'such (licritT or other officer to assign any bond of any plaintiffin replevin to the avowant, such assignment may be made'without any (lamp, provided the assignment so made be duly {lamped before any action be brought thereupon.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any commissioners, or other officer, appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such mark ot {lamp to any vellum, parchment, or paper, before the several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be paid to his Majesty's use, he shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years, of George. III. 395

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any per- A.D.

firn or persons hath or have engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, j yyQ-8o. at any time since the commencement of the said recited acts, or shall at any ^ap, f}, time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things, for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper was chargeable by the said recited acts, or is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper,* hath been or shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there was not or shall net be some. stamp or mark resembling the fame, or hath or have engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or tiling upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that hath been or shall be stamped or marked for any lower duty, than the duty by the said recited acts or this act payable for what hath been or shall be so engrailed or written, then and in every such case there shall be duly answered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, over and above the duty aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds; and no such record, deed, instrument, or writing shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty as the said sum of ten pounds shall be first paid to his Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand or hands of force of his Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing, hath been or shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or stamp; and the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty and sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark or stamp the said vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or stamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority, aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or upon which there shall not be Come stamp or mark resembling tire fame, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or tiling upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty, than the duty by this act payable for what shall be so engrossed or written; such person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, one moiety thereof to lus Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid, That in case any clerk, officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office or employment is or shall be entitled or intruded to make, engross, or write any records, deeds, in-strunients, or writings, by this act charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any fraud or practice to deceive his Majesty of any duty by tills act payable, by making, engrailing, or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or writing, or by causing the same to be made, engrossed, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon which there shall not be feme stamp or mark resembling the fame, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped with nuy mark or stamp, which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing or writing any such deed, instrument, or other writing, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be marked or stamped for a lower duty as aforesaid, then every such clerk, officer, or person so guilty of any such fraud or practice, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or employment respect

J C: tively,

19g

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of Gmtgt II],

A< D. timely, and be disabkd to hold or enjoy the fame for the future; and 1779-80. any attorney belonging to any court whatsoever shall wilfully be guilty of any

Chap. 8. ^uck ®Ktu^ 01 ptaflice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shalt be disabled for the future topraftice as an attorney.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, either the whole or any part of any matter or thing, in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been before engrossed, written, or printed, any other matter or thing, in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper, shall have been again marked or damped according to this act, or shall fraudulently erase or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the name or names of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or other tiling engrossed, written or printed in such instrument, writing, matter, or thing as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off any mark or stamp from any piece of vellam, parchment, ot paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such (lamp or math for any other writing, matter, or thing, in respect whereof any duty shall be parable by virtue of this act, then so often, and in every such case, every person so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as often as his Majesty, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit to alter or renew the said marks or damps, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all persons, who shall at that time have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the mark or (lamp which shall have been so altered or renewed, upon which none of the tpatters or things hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, at any time within the space of sixty days after such intention of renewing or altering shall be published by proclamation as aforesaid, to bring or fend such vellum, parchment, or paper unto the said commissioners to the head office in tire city , of Dublin, or to such other officers appointed as aforesaid;. and the fa'nl commUfioners and officers respectively are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, unto the several per-foils, who- shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, and as good in quality, damped with such new damp or mark, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the fame any sum of money or other consideratioit whatsoever, under the penalty of forfeiting for every offence one hundred pounds j to be sued for, recovered, and divided, in such manner as the other penalties in this act arc directed to be sued for, recovered, and divided; and in case any person shall neglect or reftsfe within the time aforesaid to bring or eanfe to be brought and delivered untp the said commissioners and officers as aforesaid, any such vellum, parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other efleft or use, than if it had never been damped; and that all matters or things, which shall after that time be engrossed or written thereon, shall he of no other effect, than if they had been engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked ot stamped at all -, and all persons, who shall engross or write any of the matters or things hereby charged on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall forfeit and suffer, as herein before is enacted for persons writing or engrailing 011 vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as often as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the lord lieutenant or oilier chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall appoint new (lamps for any of the duties hereby charged, or shall think fit to alter the said (lamps, or any of them, the proclamation, which is hereby intended to be made for the giving all persons due notice thereof, shall within twenty days

after

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 397

after die date thereof be sent to the miyor, chief magistrate, or other head officer A.D. of every city, corporation, borough, and market town throughout the kingdom of 1779-S0. Ireland; which officers respectively shall cause the same to be published to the in- Chap* 8* habitants of such city, corporation, borough, or town either on the next market U— day, or the next Sunday in the church immediately after the time of divine service, upon pain of forfeiting die sum of fifty pounds 5 to be sued for by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, wherein no e/Toign, protection, wager of law, privilege, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; the one moiety of which forfeiture to be to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the other moiety to such person who shall Cue for the same.

XXIX. And for the better distribution of the said vellum, parchment, and paper, and that his Majesty's subjects may have the fame with more convenience and at an tdfy rate, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being,

(tall once in every year at lead set the prices of all forts of damped vellum, parchment, or paper, at which the same shall be fold \ and that the said commissioners for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall damp the said price so set upon every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, so by them to be sold} and that the said commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person, that shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper, to the said head office to be damped in pursuance of this act, the duties whereof hereby imposed shall amount to the sum of ten pounds or upwards, after the rate of six pounds in the hundred pounds per annum for six months, upon present payment of the said duty upon the said vellum, parchment, or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons, who shall buy of the said commissioners or their agents vellum, or parchment, or paper, at the head office for damping the fame, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of ten pounds or upwards, shall have the fame allowance for present payment.

XXX. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, which shall have been damped or marked, and shall have paid the duties granted by virtue of any act or acts of Parliament heretofore made, shall and may be sued for the purposes thereby intended without any additional damp, mark, or duty, except where a duty greater than that already laid on is hereby imposed, in all which cases such vellum, parchment, and paper, shall upon the requed of any person or persons be stamped with a higher damp, or be exchanged at the head office for vellum, parchment, or paper damped with a higher damp, the person or persons requeding the fame paying the difference of price between said respctYive damps.

XXXI. And for the better coliefling and feciu ing the duties hereby charged on pamphlets, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one primed copy of every such pamphlet, which from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty shall be printed or published within the city of Dublin, shall within the space of six days after the printing thereof be brought to the said head office for marking or damping vellum, parchment, and paper, and the title thereof with the number of (heels contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall be registered in or entered in a book to be there kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the same, or his or their deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged 011 such pamphlets5 am! chat one printed copy of every such pamphlet, that shall be printed or published in any place, not being within the city of Dublin, lad before mentioned, shall within the space of fourteen days after the printing thereof be brought to some head collector of the said stamp duties, who 1$ hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof with the number of (heels contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, which duty shall

Vor.Xl. - $ If ’ be

398 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A* D. thereupon paid to such collector, who shall thereupon give a receipt for the 1779-80, fame on such printed copy.

Chap. 8.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint if any l*V^v^ such pamphlet shall he printed or published, and the duty hereby charged thereon shall not be duly paid, and the title and number of (beets thereof shall not lie registered, and a receipt for such duty given on one copy thereof, 'within the respective times herein before for those several purposes limited, then the printer and publisher, and all other persons concerned in or about the printing or publishing of such pamphlet, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no printer or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall publish any news paper, intelligence, or occurrence?, or any paper serving the purpose of a news paper, intcllu gence, or occurrences, before he or they shall have entered into security for the payment of the duty on advertisements, which shall be printed therein or thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending herein shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person vhatsoever shall sell or expose to sale any such pamphlet, or any news paper, without the true respective name or names, and place or places of abede, of feme known person or persons, by or for whom the fame was really and truly printed or published, written, or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer appointed for distributing stamped vellum, parchment, or paper in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any stamped paper for printing any publick news, intelligence, or occurrences to any person, unless such person shall give security to the said of Kccr for the payment of the duties for the advertisements, which shall be printed therein or thereupon.

XXXVI. And in regard of the uncertainty how many copies of the bid printed news papers may be fold, and to the intent the duties hereby grained thereupon may not be lessened by printing a less number, than may be fold, out of fear of loss thereby in printing more such copies than may happen to be sold, be it hereby provided, ami be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners for managing the said it amp duties, or the major part of them, or the head officer appointed for the time being in that behalf, shall ami may cancel or cause to be cancelled all the (lamps upon the copies of any impression of such news paper, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or published j and upon oath or oaths (or if by a quaker upon solemn aflirmation) made before the faiil commissioners, or any one of them, or such head officer, to the satisfaction of such commissioners or head officer, that all such copies containing the (lamps, so tendered to be cancelled, arc really and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the fame were printed or publiflted, and tli.it none of laid copies have been fraudulently returned or rebought, after the same shall have been sold or disposed of, or any prefit or advantage made thereof, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any one of them, and the said head officer respectively, are hereby authorized to administer, and to examine upon oath or affirmation into all circumstances relating to the felling or disposing of such printed copies, shall ami may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other (hcets, half (beets, or lets pieces of paper, properly stamped with the fame respective (lamps, upon payment made for such paper; but no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, it shall be lawful for all persons, who shall at any time have in their custody or possession any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper written or engrossed, which shall be inadvertently and undesignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other

meins

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 399

means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, before the fame is executed by any A.D. party or parties, and which in either case shall not have been used for any other j y'rcj-So. purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other considera- Chap. & tion paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person, employed to transact K~~*y-*j the business intended to have been carried into execution by such writing or engrofi-ment, or to the writer or engrosser thereof, for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereon, to bring or fend such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, unto the said commissioners of the stamp duties at their head office in Dublin; and upon oath (or if by a quaker upon solemn affirmation) made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, (which oath or affirmation the said commissioners are, or any one of them is, hereby authorized to administer) that such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, or spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been executed by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, and that no money or other consideration hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, (favc and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to the said commissioners, or the receiver general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to collect nilJ receive the same) the said commissioners are hereby required to (lamp and mark, or cause to be stamped and marked, for the several persons, who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several and respective duties stamped, marked, or impressed, on the vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the fame any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever; and the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties for the time being are hereby impowered from time to time to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods and limiting the times for such cancelling and allowance as afo’rcsaid with respect to such news papers and other matters, as they shall upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances find necessary or convenient fur the effectual securing the duties thereon, and doing justice to the persons concerned therein.

XXXVIII. provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners and other officers for managing the stamp duties shall and may deliver to any person, by or for whom any almanack or almanacks shall be printed, paper marked or stamped according to the true intent and meaning hereof for the printing such almanack or almanacks upon his or her giving sufficient security to pay the amount of the duties hereby charged thereon within the space of three months after such delivery; and that the said commissioners and officers, upon bringing to them any number of the copies of such almanacks within the.space of three months from the said delivery, and request to him or them in that behalf made, shall cancel all the (lamps upon such copies, and abate to such person so much of the money due upon such security, as such cancelled (lamps shall amount to*

XXXIX. Provided always, That where any almanack shall contain more than one (beet of paper, it shall be sufficient to stamp only one of the fliccts or pieces of paper, upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, ia case any person or persons shall print, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to falc any almanack or calendar, or any news paper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed, or construed to be, or fenrtng the purpose of an almanack or news paper within the intention and meaning of this act, not being stamped or 5 H 2 marked

400 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

marked as by this act is directed, every such person shall for every such offence 1779-8(5. forfeit the sum of forty (hillings} to be recovered in a summary way before apy Chap. 8. ju^ce of *be P^ce, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame; and v—upon due proof and default of payment of the said penalty to commit the offender to prison for any time not exceeding one month without bail or mainprize, which said penalty shall be to the fote use and benefit of the person or persons who shall without fraud or covin first sue for the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all and every person and persons, who shall print or publish, or cause to be priced or published, any advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, news paper, or Other literary performance, shall within the space of forty days after the priming or publication of such advertisement or advertisements pay, or cause to be paid, the duty or duties thereon hereby charged to the respective persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective deputies or clerks, the duties for all such advertisements as shall be so printed or published within the city of Dublin, and to the next adjacent head officer for the time being, appointed for the collection of the said stamp duties, the said duties hereby charged for and upon all such advertisements as aforesaid, which shall be printed or published in any place out of the limits of the said city; and the commissioners ami officers lift mentioned, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon} and in default of such payment within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer or publisher of every such advertisement shall be liable, to pay treble the duties before by this act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full costs of suit.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge any type, mark, or (lamp, to resemble any type, mark, or stamp, provided ami used by virtue of the said recited acts, or which shall be provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be damped, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the duties hereby granted, or shall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, ptrehment, or paper, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such mark or impression to be counterfeited, then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be judged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without the benefit of clergy.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, out of the duties arising by this act to cause such sum and sums of money to be expended and paid from time to time for salaries and other incident charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the said duties; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all ami every the officer and officers, who shall be concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arising by this act, Hull keep separate and distinct accounts thereof; and that the several persons, employed to collect and levy the said duties in the city or county of Dublin, shall pay the same in specie into his Majesty's treasury on the first Monday in every month, unless it be a holyday, and then the next day after which shall not be a holyday; and the several persons, employed to levy and collect the said duties in other parts of this kingdom, shall pay the same in like manner to the several collectors of the inland excise of the respective districts, in which the same shall be received , and collected; which said collectors are hereby authorized and required to receive, and give receipts for the fame, without 6 fee

'7/5e nineteenth and twentieth Years. George III. 401

fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof; and every stamp officer shall A.D.

in six days after his making any payment into his Majesty's treasury, or to any of 1779-80.

the said cofleftors, give notice of the amount of such payments to the commissi- Chap. 5*

oners of stamps; and if the said officers, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse

to pay the same atthetime or in manner aforesaid, or shall detain all or any part

of the monies by them collected and received, then for such offence he or they shall be dismissed from his or their employment, and he rendered incapable to

serve his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and be charged with interest for the monies so detained in their hands after the rate of twelve pounds per centum

per annum.

XJ*V. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful For the receiver general of the said duties to retain in his hands such sum not exceeding one month's produce of the said duties, as he shall so receive, to answer the ne« cessary demands of the said office.

XIjVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in his Majesty's treasury one book, in which all moni^g, that Hull be paid into the treasury by virtue of this act, shall be entered and re-, giftered apart and distinct from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty upon any account whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That none of the duties granted by this act shall be received or collected by or paid to tire said commissioners of stamps; and that the several persons, who shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act granted, shall and are hereby' required once in every year during the continuance of this act to exhibit their respective accounts thereof to the commissioners for taking imprest accounts for the time being, who shall and are hereby from time to time respectively authorized and required to examine upon oath the said persons accountants, who shall be employed in railing, receiving, or collecting the said duties, what sum or sums of money was or were by them or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and like-wife what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the receipt of his Majesty's treasury, or to the collectors of the said inland excHe as aforesaid; and in making the said accounts to and before the said commissioners they are to produce preper vouchers for any sum or Turns of money so by them raised, received, and paid; and the said commissioners of imprest accounts are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle the said accounts, and to give discharges to the said several accountants.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when the accounts of the money received for the several duties shall have been so audited, the same shall be signed by the said commissioners of accounts, and shall be at all times to the said officers therein concerned a full and sufficient warrant and discharge to all intents and purposes.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties incurred by this act, unless otherwise directed by this act, may be recovered by any person, who shall sue for the same by aftton of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no eflbign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither the six pence per pound nor any other fee shall be payable to or deducted or received by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pelfs, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for their own use, for or on account of the iffutng or payment of any sum or Turns of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of, the aids hereby grunted to his Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but chat the same shall be received and duly accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

40>2

A. E>. 1779-Sa

The nhurteetith and tweiitteth Years of George III.

CHAP. IX.

AH for Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars^ and for the Encouragement of English, Prote/lant Schools.

WHEREAS the continuing the encouragement formerly given to English

protestant schoois will be of great benefit to this kingdom, and it is tea* sonable, that some publick fund should be applied and let apart for that purpose: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, there shall be answered and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by every hawker, rpedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person or persons going from town to town, or to other mens houses, fairs, marts, or markets, and travelling either i>n foot or with horse, horses, or otherwise, in this kingdom (except as herein after mentioned) and carrying to fell or exposing to falc, any goods, wares, or merchandizes (except as herein after mentioned) a duty of twenty shillings by the year; and that every person so travelling with any horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, or any other bead or beasts hearing or drawing burthen, shall pay the sum of twenty shillings by the year, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty to the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, for each horse, afs, or mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, he or she shall so travel with, over and above the said first mentioned duty of twenty shillings by the year; which said races and duties shall he collected by such person and persons, and in such manner, and by such ways and means, as the duty payable for licences to keep ale houses is raised and collected by virtue of an a£V made in this kingdom in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for better regulating the collection of his Majestfs revenue, and fir preventing offrauds thereby and fir repealing an act made the then last feffrn of Parliament, entitled, An aftfir continib ing and amending federal laws heretofore made relating to his Majestfs revenue, and fir the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majestfs cufims and excise, and the several acts and statutes which are mentioned in the said act, and continued thereby as fully to all intents and purposes as if the provisions in the said act for that purpose were particularly mentioned and expressed and enabled again in the body of this present act.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every pedlar, hawker, petty chapman, and other trading person or persons, so travelling as aforesaid, shall before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami eighty, and so likewise in every year, deliver or cause to be delivered to the collector of the excise of the district, where he or flic shall reside or dwell, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person by her or him authorized in that behalf, how and in what manner he or she intends to travel and trade, whether on foot, or with one or more horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, or Other bead or beasts bearing or drawing burthen; and thereupon a licence or licences shall be granted by such collector unto him or her for his or her so travelling and trading, for which he or she shall thereupon pay or cause to be paid for each licence unto such collector the yearly duty herein before di-reded to be payable for the same.

JIL And

The nineteenth) and twentieth Years of George III. 403

10. And be it enacted. by the authority aforesaid, That it ait; such hawker, pci- A. IX hr, or petty chapman, or -other person, from and after the bid twenty fifth day x 779-8O. of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty be found trading as afore- Chap. 9. said, without or contrary to, or not warranted by such licence or licences, such person shall for each and every such offence forfeit the firm-of five poundsp one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the incorporated society in Dublin for promoting Englrfh protestant fcliools in Ireland; and that if any person so trading, -upon demand made by any revenue officer or officers, or by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace of any county, city, town corporate, or borough, where he or she shall so trade, Stall refuse to produce and shew immediately unto such person or persons as aforesaid, so demanding the fame, his or her licence or licences for so trading, to be granted as aforesaid, that then the person so refusing shall forfeit twenty shillings, to be paid to the informer, and for nonpayment thereof shall fofior as a common vagrant, and be committed to the house of correction.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collectors of the fever.il districts in this kingdom reflectively, and they are hereby respectively directed, appointed, and required, upon the terms aforesaid, and upon the receipt as aforesaid, *do grant one or more licence or licences under their respective hands to every hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or any other trading person, for him or herself, with one or more horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, bead or beads, which he or they shall travel with, as the case shall require, according to the terms and directions of this act , and the said collectors ate hereby required to insert in such licences, as they {lull so issue or grant, the ages, places of abode, and a particular description of the persons, to whom licences shall be granted pursuant to this act, and to number each licence, and keep particular entries of such descriptions and licences; for each of which licences there shall be taken by such collectors for their own use one Hulling, and no more, except such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, shall travel with horse, afs, or mule, or other bead bearing or drawing burthen, and in that case there shall be paid to such collectors for their own use for each of such licences for horses, asses, mules, or beasts of burthen, two shillings, and no more, over and above the duties aforesaid; and that the said collectors shall keep separate and distinct accounts of the duties hereby granted, and pay the money atifing thereby into his Majesty's treasury, as other money received by them for the use of his Majesty.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said collectors shall be accountable to his Mnjedy for the duties hereby granted, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures for not rendering a true account thereof, and paying the fame in manner before mentioned, as they ape and Aand liable unto for not rendering a true account of any money received by them for the use of his Majesty.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies arising from the said duties Iieteby granted, shall from time to time be brought into the receipt ofliis Majesty's Exchequer, anil shall from time to time without any fee or deduction whatibever, be paid by the vice treasurer or receiver general of this kingdom to the incorporated society in Dublin for promoting English protedant schools in Ireland, or to their treasurer for the time being, for the use of the said incorporated society.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons v.hatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, any licence for the purposes aforesaid, or travel with such forged or counterfeit licence, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, such person (half forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, and the other moiety to lira who fiiail prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill,

5 I 2 plaint,

404 The-.rihneteenth and twentieth Years of George III..

A. \D. plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at the four courts at 1779*80. Dublin, in which noefloign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one im-' Chap. 9. Parlance shall be allowed, and that such person shall be subject to such other pains t——V'-O and penalties, as may be inflicted on persons for forgery.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or troubled for putting iu execution any of the powers contained in this act, or for doing any matter or thing pursuant thereto, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs iliaii be non suited, or judgment be given against hi in or them-upon demurrer or otherwise, or a verdict pais fur the defendant or defendants, or a dismiss upon a civil bill, such defendant or defendants shall have- his, her, or their treble costs, to be recovered in such manner as by law colls given to defendants may be recovered in otheT cases.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any constable (kl! re-fufc or negloft upon due notice, or upon his own view, to be aiding and aflifling in the execution of this act, being thereunto required, every such confhble, being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any' justice -of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, shall forfeit for each and every such offence contrary to this act, the sum of forty (killings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace; one moiety thereof to be paid to the salt! Incorporated Society, the other moiety to the informer who shall prosecute for the fame, rendering the overplus thereof, if any there be, -to the owners of the goods so distrained.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it f].:.ll and may be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such hawker, pcdl.ir, petty chapman, or other trading person or persons in this act mentioned, and alfu the goods they shall be found trading with, until such time as he, flic, or they flmll produce a licence in that behalf, if he, she, or they have any; and if he, she, or they shall be found trading without licence contrary to this act, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons so seizing as aforesaid, Liking to his, her, or their assistance such person or persons as he or they shall think fit, to curry the person so seized, as also the Cud goods, before some one of lus Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place, or before the collector of his Majesty\ revenue for the district where such offence or offences shall be committed; which said justices of the pence and the collectors respectively are hereby (Iriftly required, cither upon the confcfiion of the party offending, or due proof of a witness upon oath, which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer, that the person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, unless such licence shall be produced by such offender before the said justice or collector, by warrant under his hand and seal to cause the sum of five pounds to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the offender or offenders goods, wares, or merchandizes, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner or owners thereof, after deducting the reasonable charges for taking the said distress, and out of the said sale to pay the penalty and forfeiture aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, foall not extend to prohibit any person from felling any act of Parliament, form of prayer, proclamation, gazette, almanack, or other printed paper, or any fish, fruit, or victuals, nor to hinder any person or persons who are the real workers or makers of any goods or wares within this kingdom, or his or their wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, from carrying abroad, expoling to sale, and felling any of the said goods or wares of his or their making in any publick fairs, markets, or elsewhere; or any tinker, cooper, glazier, plumber, hamefs-mender, or other persons, usually trading in mending kettles, tubs, household goods, or harnefc whatfqcvcr, from going about such business only

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 405

only, or from carrying with him or them proper materials for mending the fame, and no other thing for sale.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this att, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to subject any person or persons, who {lull carry raw and unmanufactured woo], or frizes, or worded or woollen fioc&ings from one part of the kingdom to another, or expose rite fame to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned; so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except rite laid raw and unmanufactured wool, and the fame frizes, and worded and woollen dockings.

XIII. Provided a!so, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit or redrain any person or persons from felling or exposing to sale, in any place or places whatsoever any flax, tow, hemp, flaxen yarn, hempen yarn, ticken, plain, driped, chequered, painted, or Ihined linens, buckrams, or canvas, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except such flax, tow, hemp, flaxen yarn, hempen yarn, tickens, plain, driped, chequered, painted, or ft.iined linens, buckrams, or canvas is aforesaid.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to subject any person or persons, who fluil carry any pots or griddles made of call iron or metal front one part of the kingdom to another, or expose the same to file in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to the payment of any greater duty than the sum of twenty shillings by the year in the whole, though such person or persons shall or may travel with ouc or more horse or horses, or other bead or beasts drawing or bearing burthen > so as such person or persons shall not at rite Cime time carry, or expose to sale, any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except the said pots and griddles nude of cad iron or metal.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them for the time being, to order and direct to be paid out of the monies to be raised by this a cl to the said collectots, their cletU, or any other JiirfuJlS, fuclj sums of money as they or any of them shall or may reasonably deserve for their service, or shall or utay have expended in the execution of or in relation to this act.

XVI. Provided also, ami be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or he construed to give any power for licensing any hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, to feil or expose to sale any wares, or merchandizes in any city, borough, town corporate, or market town within this realm, any otherwise than he or flie might have done before the making of this scl; any thing herein contained to the contrary nolwithflamling.

XVII. And whereas ic frequently happens that dealers, hawkers, and pedlars, in order fraudulently to evade the payment of his WajeJly's duty on licences do not openly travel from town to town, or to other men’s houses, but privately convey and carry their goods, wares, ami merchandizes, and sell or expose to file the fame in shops, rooms, warehouses, or other places lured for that purpose in cities, towns, and places, where they arc not usually resident; and divers other persons carry and convey their goods, wares, and merchandizes to publick streets and places in cities, towns corporate, and other pljccs in this kingdom, where they respectively refldc, but not adjoining or near to their dwelling houses, or other apartments, and sell or expose the same to sale upon booths, flails, or Handings, without licence: and whereas fcrcra) people under the denomination of leather cutters or leather fellers hawk about from town to town and expose to sale in cities and towns corporate, and in fairs, markets, and in other places,

1779-to Chap. 9.

406 The nineteenth Mnd twentieth Years of George III.

A. X). krgc and finall parcels of leather in booths, Halls, Handings, or otherwise j and

1779-80. a divers persons under the denomination of cryers of old calt cloaths do also

Chap. O. hawk a^out the Hreets of cities and towns corporate, and other places in this kingdom, old cast; cloaths, and also expose to fide several of such kind of goods on Hands, or stalls, or otherwise without licence: and whereas a doubt hath arisen, whether such persons as aforesaid are to be deemed hawkers, pedlars, or petty chap* men, or trading persons within the meaning and intention of former acts of Parliament made in this kingdom for licencing hawkers and pedlars, and for the encouragement of English protestant schools, and subject to the penalties and forfeitures thereof: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty, until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty two> all and every-the persons aforesaid shall pay such duty as aforesaid, and take out such liccnces in manner as aforesaid; and in case any person or persons whatsoever shall be found trading or felling, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever (except as herein is excepted) in any (hop or (hops, room or rooms, warehouse or warehouses, or other place or places in any city, borough, town corporate, mayket town, village, or other places in this kingdom, wherein he, (lie, or they have not been refsdent one calendar month previous to the felling or exposing to sale any goods, wares, or merchandizes (except as before excepted) and sell or expose to sale such goods, wares, or merchandizes therein, or in any of them, without licence as aforesaid, such persons respectively, and also all such person Ot persons as shall be found trading or felling, or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever (except as aforesaid) upon booths, Halls, Handings, or otherwise, in any publick street or streets, phce or places, in any city, borough, town corporate, market town, village, or other place within this kingdom, such booths or other places of fide not being adjacent or adjoining to his, her, or their dwelling house or -houses'shop orfl.ops, warehouseor warehouses, or other apartments, and also all person; under the denomination of leather cutters or leather fellers, who shall hawk about from -town to town, and sell or expose to sale in cities and towns corporate, or in fairs, marts, or markets, or other places, large or fniall parcels of leather in or upon booths, ftafis, Handings, or otherwise; and also all persons under the denomination of cryers of old c»H cloaths, who shall hawk about the Hreets, lanes, or alley; of cities and towns corporate, and other places in this kingdom, to purchascor fell old caH cloaths of any kind whatsoever, or shall sell or expose to sale any such goods on Hands, Halls, or otherwise, without licence as aforesaid, all and every such person and persons shall be deemed and taken to be a hawker or hawkers, pedlar or pedlars, petty chapman or petty chapmen, within the meanirg of this act to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by the fame inllitled upon hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others trading without licence j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas it hath been found, that several hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen have respectively employed one or more other person or persons, servant or servants, with him, her, or them, to carry about boxes, bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, and merchandizes on their backs, arms or otherwise, separate and diHinft from that or those carried about by him, her, or themfcives, and have fold and exposed to fide in booths. Hands and UAls, or otherwise*, as well the said goods, wares, ami merchandizes so carried by such other person or persons, servant or servants, as those carried by him, her or themselves, undet the sanction of one foot licence taken out by such person or persons so being or appearing to be the principal owner or proprietor thereof, without separate or diHinlt licence or licences for such other person or persons, servant or servants\ and it hath been also found, that by means and under the fimftion of one licence many persons principal and separate dealers, who have no connection with such person

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 407

person or personsj having one licence only as aforesaid, also fraudulently pass under A.D. the denomination of his, her, or their servant or servants, and trade without ii- i y yc)-So. «nce, to the great injury of the fair trader and dealer with licence, and the great '

diminution of the said tax on hawkers and pedlars: and whereas it is reasonable, that a horse licence shall be paid for, and taken for, every horse, mule, afs, or bead of burthen that shall be made use of or driven by every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousuiul foven hundred and eighty, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman, for every person that shall be employed, or carry, whether servant or other person in his or her company, or otherwise, any boxes or bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, or merchandizes on their tacks, arms, or otherwise, separate or diflinck, for the purpose of felling or trading with the fame, shall take out and pay for as aforesaid a separate and distinct foct licence Tor every such person; and also that every hawker, pedlar and petty chapman, for every horse, mule, afs, or bcaft of burthen chat he or flic shall make use of or drive, whether in his or her own company or otherwise, shall take out ami pay for a separate and distm£fc horse licence; and such separate and di(tin£l person, whether servant or other person employed or carrying such boxes, bundles, or parcels as aforesaid, and such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, that shall not take out a horse licence fur every horse or beast of but then, he or flic shall make use of or drive as aforesaid, shall be fuhje& and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this act indicted upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and ntliers trading without licence; it being the true intent and meaning of this act,

(Jut for one foot licence no more goods, wares, or merchandizes shall by virtue of this atl be hawked about for sale as aforesaid, than one person can well or rca-fonably bear or carry or travel with, and for one horse licence no more goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall by virtue of this act be carried about as aforesaid, than one horse, afs, mule, or other bealt of burthen, can well or reasonably bear, or carry or travel with; any thing herein contained to the c&wrjry not with-(htuling.

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting rnilo His Majesty the several Duties, Rates, fm-f 0/1lions, and Taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the Payment of the Intcrejl of the Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of the said principal Sums, in fuel) Manner as therein is direBcd, and for such other Purposes as are therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by ail act of Parliament made and passed in H/10& the nineteenth and twentieth years of your Majesty's jjait’iuiu-reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty the several jcc duties, rates, irnpoftions., and taxes therein particularly expressed, /o 1779.10:4 hi applied to the payment of the intcrejl of the sums therein provided ^feent! fir, and towards the difebaige of the j,aid principal sums, in such manner as therein is directed, and for such other purposes as are 1773, therein mentioned, several aids and additional duties were granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the twenty 5 K 2 fifth

408 the nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy 1779-80. n;ne to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty inclusive, to pay an interest for the several sums in the said receited act particularly mentioned, or so much thereof as should remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, to the person or persons who lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they should be respectively and per paid their principal money at one entire payment: and whereas 2T0000l. h was enacted in and by the said receited act, that for ail and fTOm'24 June evel7 fllch further sum and sums of money, not exceeding in i;8o, the whole the fuui of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, as should be the prizes to the fortunate adventurers in the lottery therein mentioned, there should be paid at the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or pay-master general, vice treasurers or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to the person or persons who should be entitled to the said prizes respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, without any fee or charge, and free frojn all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they should be respectively paid the for which amount of their respective prizes at one entire payment: and dtlmitiias whereas it was by the said receited act further enacted, that deben-

U'Cietobc ' . n r 1

given, tures bearing interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, should be given to the proprietors of the fortunate tickets in the said lottery as and for their respective prizes by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury for all and every such sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the film of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, as the proprietors of the said fortunate tickets should be respectively entitled andf»rfor- unto: And whereas it was further enacted in and by the said not n!v»ve receited act, that for all and every such further sum or sums of jd°nrr day money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred and Met 100J. forty thousand pounds, exclusive of the said sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, as should be actually paid by any person or persons into his Majesty's treasury at the instance 1 of

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

of his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being for the purposes therein mentioned, there should be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or pay-mailer general, vice treasurers or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, or such other subsequent day as his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being should think proper to appoint, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest as should be agreed upon by his excellency the the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief goveriiors of this kingdom for the time being, not' exceeding the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until they should be respectively. paid their principal money at one intire payment: and whereas the said lottery has been established, and will begin to be drawn on the twenty fourth day of June one thousand then hundred and eighty, and debentures to the amount of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, to be issued to the holders of the fortunate prizes therein, will carry an interest: after die rate of four pounds per centum per annum from the said twenty fourth day of June aforesaid: and whereas in pursuance of the said recited act the said sum of one hundred and forty dioufand pounds has been or is agreed to be paid into his Majesty's treasury on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, to carry an interest after the rate of three pence by the day for every one hundred pounds from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine: and whereas the several aids and duties granted to your Majesty in and by the said recited atl have not proved sufficient to pay and discharge the several principal sums therein mentioned, and the interest of the fame respectively: and whereas it is necessary to provide for the payment of such part of the said several principal sums, carrying an in-teied at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as thall remain unpaid on the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, together with the intc-rell thereof; and also to provide for the payment of the hid l'um of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, or so Vol. XL 5 L' much

4 °9A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 10. wCVNJ

said lottery established,

debentures for said 210000). at per tent. from 24 June 178°,

said I40000). paid in before

at 3d./w day every iool.

duties by said act infus-ficient,

to jirovide for said sums at per cent. as unpaid 24 June 1780,

and for said 2IOCOol. or the debenture! issued.

ties by i3 &14 G. 3. c.j

&7.

and 15 & >6 G. 3.C. 1

410 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

much thereof as debentures should be issued for, together with 1779-80. the interest thereof; and also to provide for the payment of the Chap. 10. several annuities granted by an act passed in a session holden in andannui- the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a fttm, not exceeding the film of two hundred and sixty five thoustmd pounds, which act was explained and amended by one other act passed in the same session, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards the ratfing a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds, and also several annuities granted by one other act passed in the session holden in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, and 1 & for Eranl*nZ annuities in the manner therein provided, to such to persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards raising a sum, not exceeding the sum of one hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, and also the several annuities by the said first recited act made payable to the several persons, who have subscribed the sum of three hundred thousand pounds upon a scheme of life annuities, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons of Ireland in the last session of parliament therein recited: and also to provide for the payment of the interest of the said sum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds: we therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament afforfomuch sembled, and by the authority of the same, that for so much of the said several principal sums so formerly borrowed as aforesaid, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and for the said sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds for which debentures are to issue for prizes to the fortunate adventurers in the said lottery, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands -of the vice treasurer or vice 24>mi7So, treasurers, pay matter or receiver general, his or their deputy or hur yearly1^ deputies, at the end of every six calendar months from the ]fa",t<yu twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ' principal at eighty to the person or persons, who has or have paid or lent out payment. tjje famCt or who shall receive any of the said debentures for 3 prizes

and interest of said 140000l.

of former loans as unpaid 24th June 1780, and for lottery debentures for 210000b

per cent. interest from

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George ffl. 411

prizes in the said lottery, his, her, or their executors, admi- A.D. nistrators, or assigns, an interest at the rate aforesaid of four 1779-80. pounds per centum per annum without any fee or charge, and Chap. 10. free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one intire payment.

11, And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Saidanmii-several annuities granted by the said recited acts to the several tic? to fub-subscribers, who advanced and paid the said two several sums of *6^0001. and mo hundred and sixty five thousand pounds and one hundred * iiid seventy five thousand pounds into his Majesty's treasury be regularly parfuant to the said acts, and also the several annuities j^ofeid cade payable by the said first recited act to the severalaft9-persons who have subscribed the said sum of three hundred tkriaml pounds upon a scheme of life annuities, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons in the said act lccited, shall and may be regularly paid, as the lame shall become due according to the true intent and meaning of the said recited acts.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, For&«i to for all and every such sum and sums of money, not exceed-in" in the whole the said sum of one hundred and forty thou- n«ft from 14. land pounds, as have been or shall be actually paid by any per- ^"jd.^day son or persons into his Majesty's treasury of this kingdom pur- P('r frcc rant to the said first recited act of parliament, there shall be charge, ’tilt paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty to the person or persons so paying or having paid the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest after the rate of three pence by the day for every hundred pounds without any fee or charge, and free from ail deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one intire payment.

IV. And whereas it may be necessary, that a further sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred and j fntv thotifand pounds, shall be raised to supply the deficiencies, coating that have arilen in the aids granted heretofore and in this lession ^rcto/Jr of parliament for the support of your Majesty's government, all the payment of the interest and annuities herein before times of pay-mentioned: and whereas it may be expedient to raise such fur- dj.Xflion,°ul her sum or sums of money, by all, or each, or any of the ways

herein

For further loan not ex-

412 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

herein after mentioned, that is to say, on loan by debentures to 1779-80. carry an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per ! Chap. 10. annum, or by treasury bills, to carry an interest after the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds, or by one or more lottery or lotteries: we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that for all and every such sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall at any time or times before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one be publickly directed and appointed by his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being to be raised on loan by debentures towards supplying such deficiencies as aforesaid, and shall be actually paid by any person or persons into his Majesty's treasury pursuant to such direction or appointment, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or paymaster general, vice treasurers or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, a; the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the respective times of such payments, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum pr annum without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one intire payment.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that debentures or receipts, bearing an interest after the rate of four D b n pounds per centum per annum, shall be given by the proper olfi-turct at per cers of his Majesty's treasury for all and every such sum aid and number- ^ums money to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's c.r-cd. chequer, as have been heretofore given for such parts of the several principal sums formerly borrowed on loan by debentures; and the said debentures or receipts so to be given shall b; numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excels or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered, beginning with the number next after the last number of the receipts or debentures for the sums so formerly borrowed, and now Handing out, at an interest of four pounds per centum pt annum, in manner aforesaid.

VI. Am

the, nineteenth ahi twentieth years of George III. 4,1,3

VI. And in case his excellency the lord lieutenant, q.c other A- I?/ chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time be'ing, 1.7.79,-80. shall at any time or times within the time aforesaid, pubjickly. ClJ?P- I0- direct or appoint the whole or any part of the said. Cum of t\yp. hundred and sixty thousand pounds to be raised by. treasury bills: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if no n^o- treafory bills, ney shall have been raised by debentures in manner aforesaid: ^Tprcvi-previous to such appointment, there shall for all and every such ®"s b>' sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the Cum. Wit«’u< of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid into iris Majesty's treasury by any person or persons at the 1'J'f instance of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief «£-governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, towards supplying liich deficiencies as aforesaid, be paid at the witiumt any receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice trea- pftnc"pal surer or paymaster general, vice treasurers or paymasters general, "1 wmci1’' his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or such other subsequent day as his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the being shall think proper to appoint, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, aninterest after the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as he, she, or they shall be respectively paid his, her, or their principal money at one intire payment: but if any sum or films of money shall have been raised on loan by debentures in manner aforesaid previous to such appointment, theft for such lam or sums of money as shall not, together with the sum or t,ut if any films of money so raised by debentures, exceed in the whole the film of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, and shall be tints jirrvi-actually paid into his Majesty's treasury by any person or persons at the instance of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, /bail’not there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or paymaster general, vice trea- cccd;6rcod. fitters or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at ‘he end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, or such other subsequent day as his excellency the lord

Vol. XI. 5 M lieutenant.

414 TAf nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1ieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this 1779-80. kingdom for the time being shall think proper to appoint, to the Chap. 10. person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest: after the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions, defalcations', and abatements whatsoever, until such time as he, (lie, or they shall be respectively paid his, her, or their principal money at one intire payment.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that for all and every such sum or sums of money as shall be so

bearcHffued directed to be raised by treasury bills, and shall be actually paid jd^day *nt0 *s Majesty's treasury, bills entitling the bearer to the amount pir ant. of the sums respectively specified therein, declaring such amount to be payable as herein after mentioned, shall be issued and given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury; such bills to bear an interest: at the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds, and to be numbered in arithmetical progression, snd sum- where the common excess or difference is to be one, until the tlere<1' whole shall be numbered, beginning with the number one.

VIII. And in case his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being,

ed w nufcinl" flwllat any time or times within the time aforesaid publickly ioooo!. by direct and appoint any sum or sums, not exceeding two hundred ° cry> thousand pounds, to be raised by one or more lottery or lotteries, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that for all and every such sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the notcxcccding sum of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, which shall be priM6°+ per t^le Pr*zcs to the fortunate adventurers in such lottery or lotteries ant. paid half as may be directed for raising the said sum of two hundred the drawing thousand pounds, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the hands of the vice treasurer or paymaf-on, ’till the ter general, vice treasurers or paymasters general, his or their 0 payment, deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the day or days such lottery or lotteries shall begin to be drawn, to the person or persons who shall be entitled to the prizes thereon respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest: after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum without any fee or charge, ami free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements whatsoever, until such time as he, (he, -or they shall be respectively paid the amount of his, her, or their respective prizes at one entire payment.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 415

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A.D. debentures bearing interest after the rate of four pounds per cen- 1779-80. hm fir annum shall be given to the proprietors of the fortunate Chap. io. tickets in such lottery or lotteries, as the case shall be, as and {or their respective prizes by the proper officers of his Majesty's "P?

f f . r L / r r i C,"L f,vc"for

treasury for all and every such lum or lums of money, as the the prizes,

proprietors of the fortunate tickets in such lottery or lotteries lkll be respectively entitled unto; and the said debentures or receipts so to be given in pursuance hereof shall be marked " lottery debentures," with the day and year such lottery or lotteries respectively shall have begun to be drawn, and shall be

r. marked

numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excels and number* or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered, cd‘ beginning with the number one.

X. Provided always, that in case any sum or sums of money

(lull be raised on loan by debentures in maimer aforesaid pre- raised on devious to the appointment of such lottery or lotteries, there shall not be raised by any lottery or lotteries, to be established by vir- t«r. no more

r f. r . , t , in the whole

tue of this act, any greater lum or iums of money in the whole, thin26oocoh than such sum, as together with the money so raised by debentures, and the premiums to be given to the lublcribers of such ' lottery or lotteries, shall amount in the whole to the lum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds.

XI. Provided also, that in . case the sums raised upon treasury

bills by virtue of this act, shall together with the debentures bituIvUh'Sd

aforesaid, whether iflited for money paid in part of the said sum ^urt5

of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, or for payment of jfooool-nrat

the prizes of such lottery or lotteries' to be established by virtue of this act, exceed in the whole the sum of two hundred and ,","u, Tr »p-

liity thousand pounds, then and in such case the neat produce of chirp, ib

tfcfuMcriptions to such lottery or lotteries, after paying all nc-

cessary expences incurred thereby, shall be applied to discharge

and pay off lb much of the said treasury bills, as shall reduce the

amount of treasury bills and debentures together to the sum of

two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, so as that the nation

shall not be made chargeable with any greater principal sum by with m> mow

virtue of this act, however the fame may be raised, than the ,j.

sum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Nofi.M#(. in case it shall be necessary at any time or times pursuant to the wb*K p-pwifions aforesaid to apply the produce of such lottery or lot-

ttrry to pay oft*

leries, or any part thereof, to pay off any of the said treasury '"‘"'t wls> bills, publick notice shall be given thereof in such manner, as

shall

416 the nineteenth and twentieth yean of George ffl.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 10,

not above I2day8dif* tant,

paid in order as they apply,

if not sufficient number offered, notice and a subsequent day at aforesaid,

and paid off progrcflively from number 1 to amount then in treasury,

if holders required in notice to apply, neglect, interest to cease.

Discharged bills cancelled immediately.

Such treasury bills after such time as by chief governor directed, (not before 24 June 1783) if not paid, taken for custom, excise, revenue, aid, or (ax.

and at treasury from collector or receiver.

shall be directed by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom for the time being, requiring all persons who hold any of the said bills, and arede-firous to have the fame discharged, to apply at the treasury at some day to be named in such notice, not more than twelve days distant, specifying the number and amount of his, her, or their bills j and such persons shall be paid off in the order they shall apply on said day, until the whole of the money to be applied'at such time in discharge of treasury bills shall be paid j and in case a sufficient number of bills shall not be offered for discharge on said day, publick notice shall be given thereof in manner aforesaid, and that on some subsequent day to be named in such notice, not more than twelve days distant, on treasury bills ifllted by virtue of this act, beginingwith number one, and so progressively to the amount of the money then in the treasury applicable to the payment thereof, which amount shall be specified in such notice, will then be discharged, and in such notice the holders of the same shall be required to apply at the treasury on said day for payment, and if on said day any of the holders of such bills mentioned in the said notice shall omit or neglect to apply for payment of the lame, all interest shall from and after laid day cease thereon.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ‘ that all and every the said bills, which shall from time to time be discharged and paid off, shall be cancelled and made void immediately by the officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury, who shall discharge and pay the same.

XIV. ‘ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every treasury bill to be issued by virtue of this act shall and may from and after such time or times, not sooner than the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty three, as his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct, if not sooner paid, be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, for and in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid, or tax then due, or thereafter to become due, or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and shall be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of your Majesty's treasury, from every such receiver or collector for and in respect of the customs, excise, or any other revenue, aid, or tax, by him collected or received, at or after such time or times as shall be directed in manner aforesaid.

5 XV, Provided

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

XV. Provided also, and in order to avoid small fractional divisions of daily interest less than a farthing on said bills; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such bill shall be issued for any sura less than eight pounds six shillings and eight pence; and that every perl'on, to whom any such bill or bills is or are to be issued, shall or may at his or her option have and receive one bill or several bills for such sum, as he or she shall choose; so as such bill or bills, if more than one, do not exceed in the whole the amount of the money by him or her paid into the receipt of your Majesty's treasury in pursuance of this act; and so as that no bill do ifltic for any greater sum than eight pounds, Ik shillings, and eight pence, except such sum as eight pounds, six shillings, and eight pence shall be the common divisor of.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to establish one or more lottery or lotteries for the raising the sum or sums, which he or they shall direct and appoint to be raised thereby pursuant to the provisions herein contained; and that every such lottery or lotteries shall be drawn at Inch time or times within the time aforesaid, and consist of such number of tickets, at such price or prices, and at such time or times for payment of the subscriptions, with such premium to subscribers in tickets, without cost not exceeding one ticket for every twenty tickets subscribed, and upon such scheme or schemes of prizes as shall be appointed and directed by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being; and that such lottery or lotteries so to be established in pursuance of this act, shall be con-dufted and carried on with such powers and authorities, and under such direction, with such form of books, such mode of drawing, such provisions as to tickets redelivered or not subscribed for, with such powers and provisions and rewards as to managers, clerks, and other o/licers, such dil’count for subscriptions advanced, such or the like forfeiture for omitting to pay subserip-tions, such powers to defray the incident expences necesliirily to be incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, such

the money paid,

none above 81- Ci. 3d. except Inch as that the common divisor.

Chief governor may establish a lottery or lotteries for raifnig turns appointed,

drawn* within limes aforesaid, such number of tickets, prices, and times for payment, and premium not exceeding one for 20. an on such scheme, as by chief governor dtrefled,

conduced with like powers, provisiona, penalties, &c. as in 19 & 20 G. 3. c.

a N

provisions

4 f 8 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

provisions for paying in the city of London the interest of dcben-1779-80. tures which shall be issued for prizes, such penalties, forfeitures, provisions, and remedies for such offences, and all and every such regulation as are severally mentioned in an act passed this session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for cfablishing a lottery, and for granting to his Majesty a fnm oftwo hundred thonfandpounds to lit raised thereby, and for such other. purposes as are therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame and every of them was herein particularly set forth and enacted to the said lottery or lotteries so to be established.

ZxfireJ.

XVII. And to the intent that the interest of the said several sums* so formerlr Dsc. 1781.

borrowed and remaining unpaid, and the said several annuities, and the interest

of the said Aim of two hundred and ten thousand pounds, and the interest of the said sum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, and also the interest of the said sum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, or so much thereof as Hull or may be borrowed or raised in pursuance of this act, may be duly ami regularly paid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, which shall be in this present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland raised, levied, granted, collected, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred ar.i! eighty one inclusive, and no longer, over and above the several rates and duties payable by virtue of an act pa ill'll in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty king Charles the second, entitled, Att aR for the settling of the excise or new impojl upon his Mnjefyt his heirs and successorsy warding to the hoi of rates therein inserted, or by virtue of one other act passed in the said four* teenth and fifteenth years of the reign of the said king Charles the second, entitled, An act for settling the fulfuly of poundage, and granting a fubfuly of tcnnagCi otij other sums of money unto his royal Majesty^ his heirs and successors, the same to be fail upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland according to a bool of rales hereunto annexed, and over ami above any other duties, rates, im-portions, and taxes, granted to his Majesty by any other act or acts of Parliament heretofore enacted in this kingdom, and still in force, the several duties, rates, and impofiiions and taxes herein after mentioned (that is to say) an additional duty of ten pence per gallon for and upon every gallon of aquavit,r, strong wafers, or spirits made or distilled within this kingdom for fall*, to be paid by the first maker

or

‘the nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. qig

or difliller thereof, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one A.D. thousand seven hundred and eighty until the twenty fifth day of Decern- 1779-S0. her one thousand seven hundred and eighty one induGve 5 an additional ^hap. 10. duty of eight pence per gallon upon every gallon of brandy, Itrong waters,

-01111 spirits perfectly made, and on spirits made and distilled of wine, not above proof, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, and fotproportionably for a greater or Idler quantity; and for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of single spirits, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, an additional duty for such spirits in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to fugle spirits of the fame denomination; a further additional duty of four pence for and upon every gallon of rum or other spirits of the growth and produce of Iris Majesty's sugar colonics in America, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; a further additional duty of one shilling for and upon every gallon of brandy, geneva, and all other spirits, that shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, except spirits of the growth and produce of his Majesty's sugar colonics in America, dyer and above all other duties now payable for the fame; and an additional duty of six pence a pack for and upon all painted or playing cards that shall be manufactured or vended in this kingdom during the time aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither the six pence per pound nor any other fee shall be payable to, nor be deducted or received by, the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of the ilfuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by or which shall be received for or on account of the aid hereby granted to his Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance hereof,

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty shall in the first place be applied and paid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to the discharge of the interest of so much of the (’aid several principal sums formerly borrowed as aforesaid) as shall remain unpaid on the twenty fourth day of June one thousand l'even hundred'and eighty; and in the next place to the payment of the annuities aforesaid, and the expences which shall or may be incurred thereby, purliiant to the said several recited acts, ami the said resolutiens of the hnufc of commons during the last sessions of Parliament; and in the next place to the dif-

No fees to officer* for ftiim iflhed or paid.

SaM aid* applied fu(t to interest of former loans unpaid 24 June 1780,

of the interest of such sums as aforesaid, JN2

not exceeding two

to salt! an* mmiesitmlcx-prnces thereby,

to interest of lottery tie-b-tittnvs and exprucr*)

ar.'.! 260,000l.

’.3&14G. 3. c. 7. continue j ro 25 'i)ec. 1781.

Surplus of duties to principal of former loans ami prize debentures, ami next to fuid loan of 260,000l.

So much of former loans and said 260,000l. as unpaid 25 Dec. tySr, paid with all interest with-out.any.de-ditdton.

'The nineteenth and.twentieth Years of George III.

two hundred and ten thousand pounds, as debentures shall be issued for to pay the prizes in the said lottery, to be drawn on the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, ami the expences which shall or may be incurred by or on account of the managing or drawing the said lottery; and to the discharge of the interest of the said sum of one hundred and forty thousand pounds, or so much thereof as has been or shall be borrowed pursuant to said first receited act; and also to the discharge of the interest of such sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall or may be raised or borrowed by virtue of this act.

XX. And for that purpose be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the herein before mentioned act, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this session of Parliament,

entitled, An act for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such persons, as pall voluntarily subscribe towards the raising a fan not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds, shall continue in force until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and no longer.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the surplus or residue of the produce of the said duties he applied towards-the payment of the said principal sums formerly borrowed, and of the said debentures which are to be issued for prizes as aforesaid, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and in the next place to the payment of such sum, not exceeding two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall be raised or borrowed this session of Parliament as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said principal sums formerly borrowed, and debentures to be issued, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as shall remain due and unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, as also such sum or sums of money, not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall be raised or borrowed in pursuance of this act, and for which debentures carrying a like interest shall remain unpaid on the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be well and truly fadffied and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with all interest for the fame, at the rate aforesaid, without any deduction, defalcation, or abatement whatsoever.

4

The nineteenth, and twentieth Years of George III. 4.2t

XXLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A.D.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand ’7T9'^0-seven hundred and eighty, a separate and distinet account shall be kept by the proper officer of the aids, duties, and taxes granted Separate hereby, or by any other act of Parliament now in force in this kingdom, and appropriated to particular uses; and that the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall return their weekly ab- stra&sfrom firafts from the several collectors to the accountant general; and turafi0"/' that the accountant general shall return a separate account of the several duties and taxes so appropriated to the vice treasurer or returns by nc-vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies; and that every aSto^f'e collector or receiver of the said duties and taxes do take a separate trCfcf"""’c receipt for the fame, when paid into his Majesty's treasury; which receipt? on receipt the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or trJJfury. deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. All said That all and every the several and respective duties and rates hereby 14. st 15 granted shall be raised, answered, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid at the law, with like fame time, and in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and expressed in and by the said act, made in this kingdom in die fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An Act for the settling of the excise end new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successorsyaccording to the book of rates therein infcrtedy or by any other law now in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in the body of this present act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relative to the duty of excise, is provided.

XXV. And whereas by the said receited act passed in this pre-feat fcfTian of Parliament for establishing a lottery it was enacted, " That the said lottery should conlift of forty two thousand tickets, and whereas George Palmer of the city of Dublin, gentleman, did purchase twenty five tickets in the said lottery, to , £or wit, from number fifteen thousand three hundred and one to i,e !0it with fifteen thousand three hundred and twenty five inclusive; and it beoturc«*e^cn

420

A.D.

(779-80. Chap. 10.

to intcretl of faiil

140,000].

and 260,000l.

13 & 14 G. 3, c. 7. continued to 25 Dee. 1781.

Surplus of duties to principal of former loans and prize debentures, am! next to laid loan of . 260,000l.

So much of former loans and faiil :6o,ooool. as unpaid 25 Dec. 1781, pniil with all intercll without any deduction.

The nineteenth aneLhcentieth Years of George III.

two hundred and ten thousand pounds, as debentures shall be issued for to pay the prizes in the said lottery, to be drawn on the I' twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and the expellees which shall or may be incurred by or on account of the managing or drawing the said lottery; and to the discharge of the intercll of the said sum of one hundred anil forty thousand pounds, or so much thereof as has been or Hull 1 be borrowed puri’uant to said first receited act; and also to the discharge of the interest of such sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall or may be raised or borrowed by virtue of this act.

XX. And for that purpose be it further enacted by the authority, aforesaid, That the herein before mentioned act, entitled, An xfi to explain and amend an act passed in this session of Parliament,

entitled, An act for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to such persons, as shall voluntarily subscribe towards the raifrng a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty five thousand pounds, shall continue in force until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and no -longer.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the surplus or residue of the produce of the said -duties be applied towards-the payment of the said principal sums formerly borrowed, and of the said debentures which are to be issued for prizes as aforesaid, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and in the next place to the payment of such sum, not exceeding two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall he raised or borrowed this session of Parliament as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said principal sums formerly borrowed, and debentures to be issued, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as shall remain due and unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, as also such sum or sums of money, not exceeding the sum of two hundred and sixty thousand pounds, as shall be raised or borrowed in pursuance of this act, and for which debentures carrying a like interest shall remain unpaid on the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, shall be well and truly i'atiffied and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with all interest for the fame, at the rate aforesaid, without any deduction, defalcation, or abatement whatsoever.

4

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 42 r

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A.D. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand 1779-80. seven hundred and eighty, a separate and distinct account shall be

kept by the proper officer of the aids, duties, and taxes granted Separate

hereby, or by any other act of Parliament now in force in this ,rSes ap-'

kingdom, and appropriated to particular uses; and that the com- pr0|’!’ye,!lb

missioners of his Majesty's revenue shall return their weekly ab- (tractj from

strafts from the several collectors to the accountant general; and turn^y'

that the accountant general shall return a separate account of the "fc'®*!*"

several duties and taxes so appropriated to the vice treasurer or returns byac-

vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies; and that every

collector or receiver of the said duties and taxes do take a separate tri'?,"rei5’

» c . separate

receipt for the fame, when paid into his Majesty's treasury; which receipt? on

receipt the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or trJatvTJy.'°

deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ah raid That all and every the several and respective duties and rates hereby asby^+s ij granted shall be raised, answered, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid at the law, with like fame time, and in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and exprefifed in and by the said act, made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King

Charles the second, entitled, An Act for the settling of the excise and new impq/l upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the both of rates therein insertedj or by any other law now in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in the body of this present act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relative to the duty of excise, is provided.

XXV. And whereas by the said receited act passed in this present session of Parliament for establishing a lottery it was enacted, " That the said lottery should coniift of forty two thousand tickets, and whereas George Palmer of the city of Dublin, gentleman, did purchase twenty five tickets in the said lottery, to wit, from number fifteen thousand three hundred and one to bt Ml with fifteen thousand three hundred and twenty five iitclusive; and it

i; alledged, that the said twenty five tickets were loft with the mail for m prlz«

J_asifproduced,

For lottery ickcts find to

DtttiJ

42 2 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

of the third of March lift coming from Holyhead to this king-.1779-80. tiom. ijC jt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the faitl on proof of George Palmer, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall jiroptrtyaml receive fro]n the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury ami security in the said act mentioned a debenture or debentures for the otlmr dc-y amount of the sum or sums contained in any prize or prizes, that may happen to arise 'in the said lottery from the above mentioned twenty five numbers, or any of them, in dike manner as if he or they had the said tickets, or such or them as shall prove fortunate in said lottery, to produce to such officer or officers; he the said George Palmer, his executors, administrators, or assigns, first proving to the satisfaction of the said officer or officers that such tickets were his property, and were loft as aforesaid, and also giving unto such officer or officers sufficient security in the penalty of the amount of such debenture or debentures, conditioned to indemnify such officer or officers from any claim or demand from any other person or persons whatsoever for any prize or prizes arising from any or either of said numbers.

CHAP. XI.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties therein mentioned.

Dec.

"ffT WHEREAS the wealth and profpcrityof this kingdom do very much depend " . upon the improvement of it’s manufactures, and their profitable export: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the sevend and respective customs, fnblidics, and all other duties whatsoever payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by any law or laws now in force upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes the product or manufacture of this kingdom, except die nlnnge duties, shall ccafe, determine, and be no longer due or payable for so much of the said goods and merchandizes, as shall be exported from this kingdom to any other place than Great Britain, except such goods and merchandizes touching which a special provision is herein after made s that is to say, provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to determine, alter, lcfTcn, or repeal any custom or other duty payable on the exportation of any

skins

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 4-3

ftins or hides, coney hair, or wool, hare’s wool, hair of any fort, horns, horses, or A.D. live cattle of any fort, allies, bacon, beef, pork, butter, grease, guts, hogs, lard, tal- 1779"^0, low, tongues, hones not matiufaflured, flax seed, hemp feed, linen yarn, linen rags, 9^laP* of fiireds, Tape cakes, foaperis wade, tin unwrought, weld, wax, or woad, or provl-Hons of every fort (except fish and corn, meal, malt, and flour, when the prices thereof exceed those on or below which a bounty on their export is or shall be payable) to any place whatsoever* nor upon the exportation of the several said recited articles, and also of iron and iron ware, leather, tanned, dressed, or tawed, fiireds and points of leather, pelts, vellum, and parchment, soap, hops, allum, lead, lead ore* copperas, coals, wool cards, white woollen cloth, lapis calamhiaris, glue and litlierage of lead, to any of the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, or any <*f the Britishi settlements on the coast of Africa 5 any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by-'the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to export out of any port in this kingdom to any place, except Great Britain, all such goods and merchandize the product or manufacture of this kingdom, as may be lawfully exported, without paying any subsidy or other duty whatsoever, other than the goods and merchandize touching which an exception or special provision is herein made; so as due entry be first made thereof at the customhouse of the port, where the same shall be exported, in the same manner, andexprefiing the quantity and qualities-of the respective goods, as was used and practised in respect of any goods exported before the making of this act; urn! so as the fame be fiii pped by the proper oilicer for that purpose *, and so as the exporter do first make oath before the customer, comptroller, collector, or other chief officer of such port (which oath he is hereby empowered and required to administer) that the said goods are of Irish manufacture or product 3 or on failure thereof the said goods and merchandizes, the product or manufacture of this kingdom, shall be liable to the payment of duties, as if this act had never been made, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the removing, as far as may be, all obstacles to the trading in the goods and merchandizes of other countries will tend to promote navigation, encrease shipping, and thereby extend the commerce of this kingdom: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods or commodities, which have been or shall be legally imported, shall after payment of the duties charged and payable upon the

5 O 2 jm-

424 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D. 1mportation thereof be again 'exported by any merchant or trader within three 1779-80. years after the importation thereof to any Britishi colony in America or the Chap. II. \y6{l Indies, or any British settlement on the coast of Africa, and if due proof be made by certificate from the proper officer of the due entry and payment of the said duties, and that all other requilites have been performed, which are by law required in those cases, where the moiety of the subsidy inwards ,is to be repaid, by virtue of an act passed in the'fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled. An o3 for falling the fuh-ftly of poundage, and-granting a subsidy of-tonnage, and other sums of money unto his royal Majesty, his heirs and successors, the same to he paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the kingdom of Ireland, according to the hah of rotn .-thereunto annexed, that then the whole of the subsidy inwards, and the whole of the duties-of import excise, and all other duties paid upon the importation thereof, shall without delay or-reward be repaid and allowed to such merchant or merchants [0 exporting the fame within one month after demand thereof, save and except on all the several goods and merchandizes, exported to any Britilli colonies in America or the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa, touching which any provision is herein after made; and also fire and except on all such goods and merchandizes exported to Great Britain, or elsewhere, in cases where it is or shall be otherwise particularly provided this session of Parliament; and also save and except the additional duty imposed this session of Parliament on imported herrings.

IV. And whereas several allowances are given in Great Britain upon the exportation thence of British manufactures, particularly those made of silk or (ilk mixed, in the nature of a drawback of or compensation for the high duties payable there on the importation of raw and thrown silk: and whereas high duties are likewise payable in this kingdom upon die importation of raw and thrown silk; and it seems just and reasonable, that allowances of the fame nature should be likewise given upon the exportation from hence of any manufacture made in this kingdom of silk, or silk mixed with any other material, bearing such proportion to the allowance given in Great Britain upon ihe like articles as the duties upon the importation of raw and thrown silk here bear to the duties payable in Great Britain upon the importation of raw and thrown silk there: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several and respective allowances or sums of money hereafter in this act expressed,

(lull

4

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 425

frail be paid to any person or persons, who at any time or times after the twenty A.D. fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall really and truly 1779-80, export out of this kingdom by rvay of merchandize any of the goods or commodi- Chap. If. ties of the manufacture of this kingdom herein after particularly specified, and so in proportion for any greater or Ids quantity; that is to say, for all ribbands and stuffs made in Ireland of lilk only and exported, the sum of one Hulling and leven pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all lilks and ribbands, made in Ireland of fdk mixed with gold or fdver and exported, the sum of two shillings and three half pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all lilk itockings, fdk gloves, lilk fringes, (ilk laces, Hitching or serving lilk, made in Ireland and exported, the sum of eight pence for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all Huffs made in Ireland of fdk mixed, and grogram yarn, and exported, the sum.of four pence farthing for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all (tuff, made in Ireland of Clk mixed with incle or cotton and exported, the sum of six pence halfpenny for every pound weight avoirdupois; for all Huff made in Ireland of (ilk and worded and exported, the sum of three pence farthing per pound weight avoirdupois; for ail wrought or.manufactured gold or silver plate made in Ireland and exported, the sum of six pence for every ounce troy weight; which several and respective allowances or sums of money for each species of lilk manufacture, or manufactured of silk mixed and wrought, or manufactured gold or silver plate, shall be paid and answered by the collector or other officer of the port, from whence the same shall be exported, upon demand, without taking fee or reward for the (ante, on oath being made by the exporter before such collector or other officer of the port (which oath he is hereby empowered and required to administer) that the said goods are of Irish manufacture and exported or intended to be exported, and not telaaded, or intended to be relanded in any part of Ireland; and on the exporter's likewise giving sufficient security to the said collector, or Other officer of the port (which security any such officer is hereby empowered to take in the name and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors) by bond in the penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned that the said goods shall not be relamletl or brought on shore again in any port or part of this kingdom; and such securities shall be discharged in the manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say, for such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, the condition of the bond shall be to bring in a certificate in discharge thereof within fix mouths from the date of the bond, and within eighteen months for such of the said Voi. XI.; P goods

£2 6 'The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George "III.

J), as shall be entered for or landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America <n

1779-80. the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa; which respective certificates for such-silks, stuffs, or other manufactures aforesaid, as shall be landed in any port of the said plantations or-settlements, shallbc signed by the officer or officers usually signing certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were there landed, and testifying the landing thereof; and for such silks, stuffs, and Other manufactures aforesaid, as shall be entered for Great Britain, the iffandsof ‘Terfev, Guenifey, Alderney, Sark, or the IflcofMan, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, and for want of such officerTefiding in any of the said ifiands, then by the governor of those iffands, or the deputy governor thereof respectively; and for such silks, stuffs, or other manufactures as aforesaid* as shall be so entered for any foreign port or place, to bring a certificate under tire common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or place, or under the hands and foals of two known Britishi merchants then being at such port or place, that such silks or other manufactures were there landed.; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, upon proof in either of the said cases that such goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of - the commissioners of the revenue for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said fevers! and respeCHvc allowances upon silk manufacture and manufacture of silk mixed shall and may be paid by the collector or other officer of tire port out of any monies in his hands at the time arising out of any of the customs, excise, or additional duties granted to your Majesty, and not appropriated to any particular purpose; and that the money so paid shall be accepted of in his account as so much paid to yenr Majesty, and he is and shall be discharged thereof accordingly; and the said allowance upon wrought or manufactured gold or silver plate shall and may be paid by the collector, or other officer out of the monies arising from the duties granted to your Majesty for the use of the corporation for promoting and carrying on the inland navigation in Ireland, and shall be accounted for and charged as paid for and on account of the said corporation.

' IV-. Provided always, That the said allowance on wrought plate shall be payable folong, only as the duty on wrought and unmanufactured plate shall continue.

VII. Ami

1

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 427

VII. And for the Setter preventing frauds on the entering any of the said goods A.D. undera wrong denomination to the prejudice of the revenue, be it further enacted *779’®°' by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any searchcr, Chap. 1l. or other proper officer of the revenue, after the entry of any of the said goods, and

before or after the Slipping thereof, to open and strictly examine every bale, truss, chest, or other package, to fee if the goods arc right entered 5 and if on such examination the goods shall be found to be right entered, the officer shall at his charge cause the same to be repacked to the satisfaction of the exporter, which charge shall be allowed to the said officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable: but in case the said officer shall find the said goods or any part thereof to have been entered under a wrong denomination, or otherwise wrongfully entered, whereby your Majesty would have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so wrong entered Ik all and may be seized, and the same as likewise the value thereof shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted,.sued for, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and meaus, as are herein after prescribed and mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, That the said allowances shall not be demanded or made for any of the said manufactures of silk mixed with gold and silver, where they are only so mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces; nor for any of the said manufactures of silk mixed with other materials, unless two thirds at Icaft of the ends or threads of the warp, (by which is meant the length of the piece) be either all silk, or mixed or twilled with silk in the warp, so as that such silk shall be obvious and apparent to the view of the officer of the revenue, or unless the silk therein used shall be double the value at lead of the allowance intended to be obtained on the exportation thereof \ and if any dispute shall arise concerning any of the said manufactures, that is to say, whether the fame was made in Ireland, or touching the quality of the goods, the onus probandi Hull be on the exporter, claimer, or owner thereof, ami not on the officer.

IX. And whereas such part of the trade between this kingdom and the Britishi colonies in America, the West Indies, and Britishi settlements on the coast of Africa, as was not enjoyed by this kingdom previous to this present session, can be enjoy-«1 and have continuance so long, and in such case only as the goods to be imported

5 P 2 from

4-28 The: nineteenth and twentieth Years g/" George III.

A.D. ft°in the said colonies, plantations, or settlements into this kingdom, or to he ex-

1779-80. ported from this kingdom to the said colonies, plantations, or settlements, shall be Chap. 11. liable to equal duties and drawbacks, and be subject to the dame securities, regulations, andreftriclions, as the like gcodsare liable and subject to upon being imported from the said colonies, plantations, or settlements into Great Britain, or exported from thence to such colonies, plantations, or settlements respectively: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive, and no longer,

- there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to youT Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned j that is to say, for and upon all ginger of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid by any subject of this realm or any other of your Majesty’s. dominions, an additional duty after the Tate of thirty nine pounds nineteen shillings and six pence five twentieths of a penny, or.if imparted by any llranger, of thirty six pounds ttvclre shillings and eleven pence, ten twentieths of a penny, for every one hundred pounds value thereof, as the fame is rated for custom, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all pitch of the growth or produce of the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported into this kingdom in any ship or vessel not belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects in Great Britain or Ireland, or whereof the mailer and more than one.fourth of the manners are not British or Irish, during the time aforesaid, by any subject of this realm, or any other his Majesty's dominions, an additional duty of nine pounds eighteen Diallings and five pence thirteen twentieths of a penny for every forty lasts of twelve barrels great band, and of fourteen pounds six shillings and eight pence seventeen twentieths of a penny for every forty lads of twelve barrels small band, or if imported by any llranger of five pounds and two pence eighteen twentieths of a penny for the like quantity great band, and of eleven pounds nineteen Drillings and two pence two twentieths of a penny for the like quantity fmnll band, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all tar of the growth or produce of.rhe British plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be ..imported into this kingdom in such shipping ns is aforementioned in respect of pitch during the time aforesaid, by any subjcll of this realm, or any other your Majesty's

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 4zy

jesty’s dominions, an additional duty of twelve pounds eight shillings and seven A.D. pence five twentieths of a penny for every forty lasts of twelve barrels each great 1779-80. band, and of sixteen pounds four shillings and four pence one twentieth of a penny Chap. 11, for every forty lasts of twelve barrels final! band, or if imported by any stranger, of seven pounds ten shillings and four pence ten twentieths of a penny for the like quantity great band, and of thirteen pounds sixteen shillings and nine pence fix twentieths of a penny for the like quantity small band, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all turpentine of the growth or produce of tlte firitifit plantations in America or the West Indies, which Aral] be imported into this kingdom in such shipping as aforementioned in respect of pitch during the time aforesaid, an additional duty of one shilling and one penny seven twentieths of a penny and one half of a twentieth for every one hundred pounds value thereof, as the fame is rated for custom, and so proportionally for any greater or less quantity; for and upon the several furs the growth or produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, mentioned in the schedule, No. 1. hereto annexed, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid, whether by subjects or strangers respectively, as in said schedule is expressed, the several and respective additional duties therein mentioned for every one hundred pounds value thereof, according to the rates therein (everally set forth, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon the several skins the growth or produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, mentioned in the schedule.

No, 2. hereto annexed, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid, whether by subjects or strangers respectively, as is in said schedule expressed, the several and respective additional duties therein mentioned for every one hundred pounds value thereof, according to the rates therein severally set forth, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and for and upon all furs not mentioned and rated in said schedule, number one, and for and upon all skins not mentioned and rated in said schedule, number two, or rated among furs, or as leather, or pieces of (tins, which Dial] be imported from the British colonics in America or the West Indies during the time aforesaid, the additional duties following; that is to say, for every one hundred pounds value upon oath of such furs, if imported by any subject of this realm, or any other his Majesty's dominions, an additional duty of thirteen pounds one (lulling and six pence eighteen twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a twentieth, or if imported by a stranger of nine pounds fifteen shillings three Vol. XI. j Q__ twentieths

430 The nineteenthMd twentieth Years of George III.

A, D« twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a twentieth j and for every one hundred

1779-80. pounds value upon oath of such skins if imported by any subject of this realm, or

Chap, 11, any ot]ler ]jjs Majesty's dominions, an additional duty of feveuteen pounds fifteen shillings and six pence eighteen twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a twentieth, or if imported by a stranger of fourteen pounds nine shillings three twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a twentieth 5 and besides, if such furs shall be tawed or dressed, or such /kins be tanned, tawed, or dressed, and are not in said schedules particularly charged as such, then a further additional duty of thirty four pounds two shillings and six pence for every one hundred pounds of their real value upon oath; for and upon all piamento of the growth or produce of the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported from thence into this kingdom during the time aforesaid,-an additional duty after the rate of four pounds twelve shillings and three pence eighteen twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a twentieth for every four thousand subtile pounds thereof} for and upon all hops of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported from thence into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, an additional duty after the rate of thirty five pounds twelve shillings and nine pence fifteen twentieths of a penny and one third of a twentieth for every seven hundred and forty six subtile pounds, and two thirds of a pound thereof, and so proportionably for any greater or less quantity} for and upon die several hides the produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, mentioned in the schedule, number three, hereto annexed, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid, whether by subjects or strangers respectively, as is in friJ schedule expressed, the several and respective additional duties therein mentioned for every 011c hundred pounds value thereof, according to the rates therein severally set forth, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity} for and upon all train oil or blubber made of fish caught by any shipping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and imported in such dripping during the time aforesaid, an additional duty after the rate of one pound seven fiirJii/igs and nine pence and fifteen twentieths of a penny for every sixteen tons and two thirds of a ton thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all rice of the growth or produce of the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid by any subject of this realm or any of his Majesty's dominions, an additional duty after the

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 431

rate of thirteen pounds thirteen shillings and four pence thirteen twentieths of a A.D. penny and three fourths of a twentieth, or if imported by a stranger, of ten pounds 1779-80. twelve shillings and nine pence three twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a Chap, i I. twentieth for every one hundred pounds value thereof, as the fame is rated for excise, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all speclrie wood which shall be imported from Africa during the time aforesaid, an,additional duty after the rate of ten pounds one shilling and eleven pence farthing for every hundred pounds value thereof, as the fame is rated for customs, and so in proporti-onfor any greater or less quantity.

X And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several additional duties shall be raised, levied, and paid down in ready money net without any discount or allowance, over and above all other duties payable for the said articles respectively by virtue of any ail or acts of Parliament heretofore made in this kingdom.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties following shall be raised, answered, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive; that is to say, for and upon the several flrins, furs, and oilier articles the growth, produce,or manufacture of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, mentioned in the schedule, No. 4. hereunto annexed, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid whether by subjects or strangers, as is in the Cud schedule mentioned, the several and respective duties therein mentioned for every one hundred pounds value thereof, according to the rates therein fever.illy set forth, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all train oil or blubber made of fish caught by any Hupping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonics or plantations in America, and imported in flopping belonging to Great Britain or Ireland during the time aforesaid, a duty of eight pounds seven drillings and nine pence seven twentieths and one half of a twentieth for every sixteen tons and two thirds of a ton thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all whale fins the produce of whales caught in the gulf or river of faint Lawrence, or on the coast of Newfoundland or of any other Britisht colony ia America, by any flopping belonging to any of the said colonies, a duty af*

5 (^2 ter

43 2 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

ter t'ie rate of five pounds eight (liiilings, and fifteen twentieths of a penny 1779-80.' for every two ton thereof imported in such shipping, but if imported in ship-Chap. 11. pin., belonging to any native or natives of Great Britain or Ireland, a duty after the rate- of two pounds fourteen (liiilings seven twentieths of a penny and one half of a twentieth only for the like quantity, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; for and upon all copper ore of the produce of the British plantations in America, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid by any subject of this realm, or any other his Majesty's dominions, a duty of twenty seven pounds four (liiilings and six pence eighteen twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a twentieth, or if imported by any stranget of twenty eight pounds thirteen (liiilings three twentieths of a penny, and three fourths of a twentieth for every forty tons thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity , for and upon all gum senega or gum arabic, which shall be imported from the Britilli settlements on the coast of Africa, or the Britilli plantations in America or the West Indies, into this kingdom . during the time aforesaid, a duty after the rate of one pound seventeen shillings and-eleven pence for every one hundred pounds value thereof, as the fame is rated for custom inwards, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity for and upon all masts, yards, and bowsprits of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America, which shall he imported during the time aforesaid in any ship or vessel not belonging to his Majesty's subjects in this kingdom or Great Britain, and whereof, the mailer and more than one fourth of the mariners are not British or Irish (objects, a duty after the rate of twenty one pounds seventeen (liiilings and eleven pence five twentieths of a penny for every one hundred pounds value thereof, as malls are rated for custom, considering yards and bowsprits as masts; and for and upon all beaver skins the produce of the said plantations, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid, a duty of one penny two twentieths of a penny and three fourth parts of a twentieth for each skin.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several last mentioned duties in the schedule. No. and on train oil, whale fins, copper ore, gum senega, masts, yards, and bowsprits, and beaver skins, shall be in lieu and full satisfaction of all customs, full-fidics, and duties whatsoever, payable on the said several articles by virtue of any

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 433

any law or laws heretofore made in this kingdom, and shall be severally paid down A.D. in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever. 1779-80.

Chap. II.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty no duty, subsidy, or cudom shall be paid on the import of the articles following, any law or datute to the contrary notwithstanding; that is to say, of any wood, plank, or timber whatsoever, wrought or unwrought, or lumber being of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies (unless when it has been or shall be otherwise provided by this or any other act passed or to be passed this session of Parliament) except malts, yards, and bowsprits, imported in other than British or Irish flopping as above mentioned; nor of any clean, good, merchantable, well conditioned tar or pitch not mixed with dross or water, or any clean, good merchantable turpentine which shall be imported directly from any of - the British colonies in America or the West Indies, being the growth and produce of the fame, in any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty's subject in Great Britain or Ireland, whereof the mailer and three fourths of the mariners at Icaft areirish or British; nor of any cotton wool, indigo, Brazil or Femambucco wood, Braziletto or Jamaica wood, logwood, Nicorago, red or Guinea wood, Sapan wood, or any wood for dyers use, imported from any place whatsoever, except speckled wood from Africa; nor of mohogany or other wood the produdb of any part of America, nor of any whale fins, or train oil or blubber, which are the produce of whales taken or caught in any part of the ocean by and Imported in any Drip or vessel belonging to his Majesty's subjects in this kingdom, Great Britain,

Guernsey, Jersey.-or the isle of Many nor of any raw and undressed goat fleins imported in British or Irish ships navigated according to law from any port or place whatsoever, nor of any raw and undressed seal fleins taken and caught by the crews of vessels belonging to and fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jersey,

Guernsey, or Man, whereof the captain or mailer, and three fourths of the mariners at the lead are his Majesty's subjects, or by persons employed by the madert or owners of such vessels; nor of any raw (ilk of the growth or culture of any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America; nor of any pig or bar iron made ia and imported from any British colonies in America.

XIV. Provided always, That due entry be fird made of said articles respectively at the time of importation as practised heretofore; and that the fame be landed in the

434 nineteenth and twentieth tears of George III.

A. t). p^fenoe of the proper officer, or on failure 'thereof every of the said articles, 1779-80. wherein such failure shall be made, shall be liable to the payment of duty as if act bad never been made.

XV. Provided also, That the captain or person, having the charge or command of the ship or vessel importing such seal skins, do make oath before the collector or other principal 0dicer at the port of importation, who is hereby required and authorized to administer the same, that the seal tkins imported therein are really and ima fit the dins of seals taken and caught by the crews thereof, or by persons employed by the mailer or owner of such ship or vessel; and on failure thereof such fltins shall he liable to the payment of duties, as if this act had never been made,

XVI. Provided also, That the mailer, commander, or other person taking charge of any ship or vessel importing such raw silk, do deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the port of importation at or before entry of said silk a certificate of like nature, as any mailer, commander or other person would or ought to have received at the port, where any such raw silk was put on board, in order to intitle him to land the fame duty free in Great Britain, and do also make oath (which oath such officer is hereby impowered and required to administer) that the bales, parcels, and goods contained in such certificate are the fame, which were taken on board in the said British colonics or plantations; and on failure of any of the said requisites all such raw silk shall be liable to the payment of duties, as if this act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That jf any person or persons shall from and after the said twenty fourth of June one thousand fereu Jumdred and eighty make ox cause to be made any entry or entries of any foreign raw Glk under the name or description of raw fllk of the growth or culture of the British colonies or plantations in America, or shall mix or cause to be mired any foreign raw (ilk with raw silk of the growth or culture of the British colonies or plantations in America, in order to evade the duties payable on foreign raw silk, every person so making or causing to be made such entry or entries, or miring or causing such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and all such foreign raw (ilk, and in case of any mixture the quantity so mixed both of foreign and British plantations growth, or the value thereof, together with the bales or other packages containing

the

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 435

the fame shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the value thereof be sued for by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue to be recovered in manner herein after mentioned.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 11.

XVIII. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall arise, whether the said raw (ilk or any part thereof, so to be imported as aforesaid, is of the growth or culture of the British plantations or colonies in America, or of foreign growth or culture, the tnm prohanii shall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or prosecutor.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several additional drawbacks mentioned in the said schedules, number one, two, and three, shall be allowed and paid on tile several articles in said schedules contained respectively, which shall not have been imported before the twenty fourth day of June one thoubnd seven hundred and eighty, and which shall be exported by any merchant or trader within three years after importation, for every one hundred pounds value thereof, according to the rates therein mentioned, over and above all drawbacks allowed or payable by any law now in force, or by any puftom or usage whstfoe* ver, and so in proportion for any greater or Jess quantity: and that the several drawbacks following, and no other be allowed and paid to any merchant or trader exporting within three years such of the articles following respectively, as shall be imported from any of the British colonies in America or the "Well; Indies, and shall hare paid the duties herein before mentioned i that is to say, for every Gxteen ton and two thirds of a ton of train oil or blubbpr, caught by any shipping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and imported in such shipping, the sum of eight pounds ten shillings and four pence farthing: but if imported in shipping belonging to any native or natives of Great Britain or Ireland the sum of seven pounds two shillings twelve twentieths of a penny and one half of a twentieth; for every two ton of whale (ins, whereon the aforementioned duty of five pounds eight shillings and fifteen twentieths of a penny shall have been paid on Import, the sum of two pounds lixtcen shillings seven pence one fourth of a penny; and for every two tons thereof, whereon the aforementioned duty of two pounds fourteen shillings seven twentieths of a penny and one half of a twentieth, shall have been paid on import, the sum of one pound eighteen shillings and three pence twelve twentieths of a penny, and one half of a twentieth; for every five ton of ginger the sum of fifty one pounds ten shillings and three fourths of on*.

jRt penny 1

436 'The nineteenth and twentieth Years of orge III.

A.D. "penny; for every forty lads of pitch or tar, great or-small band, the sum of nine-1 1779-80.-teen pounds six shillings and five pence three fourths of a penny; for every four Chap. IX. thousand subtile pounds of piamento the-sum of thirty pounds six shillings and ten ~-J pence eight twentieths of a penny and three fourths of a twentieth s for every ten ton ofturpentinethefum of -nineteen pounds nineteen (hillings-three pence -seventccu 'twentieths of a penny and one half of a twentieth; for every forty ton of copper ore - the sum of twenty four pounds thirteen shillings one penny eight twentieths of a penny, and three fourths of a twentieth-} for every seventy five hundred weight of rice the sum of twenty four pounds thirteen shillings one penny eight-twentieths of a penny, and three fourths of a twentieth, and so in proportion for any greater jorless quantities; and for the fevetal articiesin the schedule number-four contained the several sums therein-severally set forth, to be drawn back for every one hundred -pounds value thereof according to the-rates respectively mentioned.

XX. Provided always, That none of said drawbacks be-paid on exportation of any articles, except in cases where duties are charged, and shall have been paid «n their import, by virtue of this act; nor in any case unless due proof be (itft made in manner usually practised, that all the duties required to be paid on import thereof have been fully paid and satisfied.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ail duties whatsoever paid on the impott of any white callicoes or muliins shall be fully drawn back and repaid for all duels, as (hall-be printed, (tained, painted, or dyed in this kingdom, and shall be afterwards exported to any British colony in America or the West Indies, or any Britilli settlument on. the coalt of Africa, and also for all such as (hall-be exported to any of the said places without being so printed, (tained, or dyed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said drawbacks shall be paid and satisfied by the several collectors at the ports of exportation out of any money arising from any aids or duties by them collected in the same manner, and subject to the fame regulations, as is or are usually observed in the case of-drawbacks.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties following be raised, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, on the several articles following, which shall be exported during the time aforesaid, 5 that

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 437

tint Is to say; for and upon all gum senega and gum arabic the sum of fifty nine A'. D. pounds fourteen shillings and four pence halfpenny for every tun weight thereof 1779-80. so exported; for and upon all cotton wool of the growth or produce of the British ^hap* I If plantations in America or the West Indies, so exported in any other, shipping than British or Irish shipping, the sum of five pounds thirteen shillings and nine pence for every hundred pounds value thereof upon oath, and so in proportion for any greater or lets quantities; for and upon every beaver (kin the sum of (even pence nineteen twentieths of a penny and one fourth of a twentieth; for and upon every pound of beaver wool the sum of one shilling and eight pence nine twentieths of a penny and one half of a twentieth; for and upon every piece of white woollen cloth, called broad cloth, of the manufacture of Ireland the sum of five shillings and eight pence farthing; for and upon the several articles in the schedule,

No. 5- hereunto annexed a duty after the rate of two pounds sixteen shillings and ten pence halfpenny for every hundred pounds value thereof according to the rates in said schedule mentioned; and for and upon all Bast Indian white callicoes and mullins, which shall be exported to any British colony in America or the West ladies, a duty after the rate of two pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence for every one hundred pounds value thereof, as the same shall have been sold by die candle at the Bast India company's sales, or at any other publick Tales, if the same shall have been taken and condemned as prize, or as forfeited upon any' act of revenue; the said several duties to be paid nett in ready money, and to be in lieu and full satisfaction of all other duties now payable on the exportation of said articles by virtue of any act or acts now in force, except the alnage duty on the said white woollen cloth.

XXIV. Provided always, That no duty, subsidy, or custom, shall be payable on the export of any cotton wool of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies in British or Irish shipping, nor upon any lead ore exported to Great Britain.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person, who shall from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty import directly from any of the British colonics in America or the West Indies in any shipor vessel belonging to the said colonics, or Great Britain, or Ireland, and manned as in such case is usual, any good and merchantable in-

438 The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of " George III.

A.D.

digo5 free from any false mixtures, and fit for dyer’s use, being the growth or pro-1779-80. du& of the colony from whence the fame is imported, shall have and be intitled to a reward or premium for such importation after the rate of four pence for ererjr pound weight thereof to be paid on the demand of the importer by the collector or other chief officer of the port, where the same shall be imported, out of any money arising from any aid or duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by virtue of this act then in his hands*

‘XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the importation of any indigo into this kingdom from the said places a certificate shall be given by the matter or commanding officer of such ship or vessel importing such indigo, that the fame was shipped on board such ttitp or vessel within such British colony or plantation in America, as is mentioned in the said certificate, and also a certificate, signed by the surveyors, land waiters, or searchers, or any two of diem, being officers of the revenue of the port where the fame is entered and landed in this kingdom, specifying the weight thereof, and that the said indigo is good and merchantable, free from false mixtures, and of such quality as to be infilled to the said premium or reward*, which certificate the said officers are hereby required to grant within ten days next after the landing thereof, unless they can assign sufficient cause for their refusal; upon producing which several certificates to the proper officer as aforesaid, such officer shall be, and -is hereby required to pay the premium to die importer of said indigo.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by flic authority aforesaid, That if anyperfor. or persons shall make or cause to be made an entry or entries of foreign made indigo under the name of Briiifli plantation made indigo, or shall mix or cause to be mixed any foreign indigo, or other false mixture or matter, with that made in the British plantations in order to claim or recover the -premium as before mentioned, every person or persons so making or enufing to be made such entry or entries, or mixing or causing such mixtures to be made, shall forfeit all such indigo so entered; and in case of such mixture the quantity so mixed, both foreign and British planta. don made, and likewise double the value thereof, shall be forfeited by the person or persons, who shall make or cause such mixture or mixtures to be made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no certificate shall be made out to allow the premium for such indigo to be made in and Imported

from

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 439

from the British plantations, tjiat is not good and merchantable, and free from false A.D.

mixture. 1779" *

Chap. ii.

XXIX. And that the officers of the revenue may be the better able to discover any frauds intended for the receiving the aforesaid premiums, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said officers, and they are hereby required, before they make out any such certificate, to examine the said indigo by opening each package and (hifting the fame in such manner as to see the whole contents, or by such other means as they shall think proper to find out and discover whether the indigo is good and merchantable, and free from any false mixture.

XXX. And ill order to fix the standard of such indigo, as shall be intitled to the premium aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no certificate shall be granted by any surveyor of other officer of his Majesty's revenue for any indigo, which is not worth three drillings the pound weight, when the bell French or other indigo of equal goodness with the bell French is worth four flail-lings the pound weight, and so in the fame proportion, in case the price of the bell French or other indigo of equal goodness shall be at a higher or lower price.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee, gratuity, or reward shall be demanded, taken, or received by any officer of his Majesty's revenue for the examining, viewing, or delivering such indigo, with respect to the premium or reward allowed by this act, or for the signing any of the certificates in order !0 the receiving such premium or reward, or for paying the fame; and any such officer demanding or taking such fee or reward shall for such offence forfeit his office, and such officer shall also be incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any indigo made in the British colonies or plantationsin America, and imported here after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall after said day be exported from this kingdom, that then and in every such calc the person or persons so exporting the fame shall before the entry thereof pay unto collector of the revenue at the port, where the same shall be exported, or to the chief officer of the customs there, the full sum of four pence for every pound weight, which is allowed as a premium by this act, on all such indigo as he intends to export, over and above any duty the fame is by law subject to pay at exportation.

S S 2

440 The nineteeenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if auy pet-1779-80. son or persons, his or their agent 01 agents, assignee or assignees, shall be found Chap. 111 fraudulently to export such indigo without paying such premium to the collector or ' chief officer of the cuiloms as aforesaid, such person or persons shall forfeit and

lose all such indigo, and double the value thereof.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if any doubt or dispute shall arise, whether any of the said indigo or any part thereof, so to be exported, is of the growth, product, or manufacture of the British plantations in America, or of foreign growth, pro. dudl or manufacture, the onuspnhanii shall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or prosecutor j any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods and commodities of the growth, product or manufacture of any part of Europe, except Great Britain, and all goods and commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or any other country whatsoever, which have been or shall be legally imported into this kingdom, and shall be exported thence to any British plantation in America, or the West Indies, or any British settlement on the coast of Africa, betwen the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty and the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive, shall drawback so much of the duties paid on their importation, as shall leave the remainder equal to the amount of duties retained in Great Britain on goods of like quality and quantity exported thence to any of the said places; and if the duties, paid on the import of any such goods or merchandize into this kingdom, shall be exatftly equal to the duties so retained in Great Britain, then and in every such case such goods shall not receive any drawback on their export as aforesaid; and if the duties paid on the import of any such goods shall not equal the duties so retained in Great Britain, then and in every such case such goods shall not only not receive any drawback on their export as aforesaid, but shall also pay such duty on being so exported, as together with the duty paid on their import shall equal the duty so retained in Great Britain.

XXXVI. Provided always, That in the calculating said duties and drawbacks due attention shall be given and allowance made for any duty or imposition, or any part of the fame, which shall be retained in Great Britain, or not drawn back, or not compensated for by bounty in Great Britain upon exportation thence to this king* dom.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 441

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the com- A.D. cnissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall form or cause to be formed one or more 1779" * table or tables, schedule or schedules, with all convenient speed of the several draw- Chap. 11, backs so to be allowed, and duties so to be paid, on the export of the said goods and commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of any part of Europe, except Great Britain, or of the East Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or any other country whatsoever, to any of the Briuih colonies in America or the West Indies, or any-British fe;ticment on the coast of Africa; and . that so Toon as the said tables or schedules, or any of them, shall be formed, they shall be signed by four of the said commissioners at least; and that from and after the day, whereon such signature Hull be made, until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one the several drawbacks shall be allowed, and duties paid as respectively mentioned therein, upon the export at aforesaid of the several goods therein mentioned as fully and effectually ro all intents and purposes, as if the fame were specificjlly enacted and enumerated in this present act, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and subject to the like remedies, regulations, and reilrictions as any duties imposed, or drawback allowed by this prefciit aft, are made subject unto; and that a duplicate of eury such tabic or lchedule, signed likewise in manner aforesaid, shall be at the tame time depofired with the clerk of the houfo of Co/nuio/lS, to be by him laid before the said house the next fdfion of Parliament.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners in every case, where the duties retained In this kingdom cannot be e<jua. lized with the duties retained in Great Britain upon such export as aforesaid of any particular article, unless the whole or parr of the duties paid on import thereof be drawn back, and a duty be imposed on the cxpoit thereof, to spechy in the table or tables, schedule or lchedulcs, containing such article, what amount of duty U be drawn back, and what amount of duty shall be imposed thereon; in every winch case the drawbacks, so to be allowed, Hull be admitted and credited to the exporter in the payment of the duty so imposed.

XXXIX. Provided also, That nothing shall be contained in any such table or schedule to impose any condition or restriction upon or to affect cither with duty er drawback by virtue of this a cl any goods, wares, or merchandizes, which might

Vojl. XI. 5 T he

442 ?7;e nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

be legally exported from this kingdom to any of the said places prior to this prefect 1779-80. session of Parliament; nor shall any thing contained in any. such table or schedule extend or be construed to extend thereto.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all commodities whatsoever, which shall be imported into this kingdom from Scotland, shall be chargeable with and pay the same duties, and no more, as commodities of a like nature imported from England are chargeable with and liable to pay.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty all goods, imported from and exported to any Britishi settlement on the coast of Africa, Avail pay like duties, and receive like drawbacks and allowances, and be subject to the fame regulations, and imitied to the fame benefits, as goods of the fame nature imported from or cxpJited ro any Biitiih colonies in America shall be chargeable with, liable, or -vmitled to, by virtue of this act, except where it is otherwise specially provided therein, or shall be otherwise declared or mentioned in the tables or schc-clu!es to be formed as aforesaid.

XI-1l. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officer or officers do keep a separate and distinct account of the feveryl articles, which shall be exported or imported, whereon the hereditary duties are charged, altered, removed, or drawn hack, by this or any other act or acts made this session of Parliament; and that he or they do regularly enter, -what those several hereditary duties would amount to on such articles so imported or exported, if the fame were to have continued payable thereon, and that so much of the money arising from the several aids and duties imposed by this present act, or by any other act or acU pafledthis session of-Parliament, upon Hie import of goods from the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, as the said hereditary duties would have so amounted to, shall be regularly and duly placed to the account of his Ms* jesty’s hereditary revenue.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a duty be paid for and upon all painted and playing cards, which shall be imported into this kingdom between the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred ami

eighty

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 443

eighty and the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty J)# one inclusive, after the rate of one shilling for each pack so imported. I7v9'^0,

Chap. 11.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every {^~v*s the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this act (other than and except such as by this act are otherwise provided for) shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled. An aB fr settling the excise or new hnpfl upon hii Mtijejl)', his heirs and fucctfcrjy according to the boh of rates therein inserted; as fully and eiTeftually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and espretTed, and re-enacted in the body of this present act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the Paid act of excise is provided.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by, the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pelfs, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money, arising by or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to your Majesty, or of any payment to be made in purfuaucc of this act.

JTJ

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE No. t. '

a

Si.

A Schedule of the Rates of the several Articles following, and the Additional § Duties to be paid on Importation of the fame, for every One Hundred Pounds Value thereof, si-according to said Rates', as the same are subject, or not subject, to Aliens Duty, with the several Additional Drawbacks to be allowed on their Exportation.

For every £ loo. of the Rate.

If by Law not subject to Aliens Duty. If by Law subject to Aliens Duty.

Rate. E tf R S. Additional Duty on Importation. Additional Drawback on Exportation. Additional Duty on Importation. Additional K? Drawback on g* ‘ Exportation. g

J. si d. ARMIN', the Timber containing 40 Skins - - 20 0 BADGER SKINS, the Piece - 020 ("Black, the Piece - . -too BEAR SKINS, < Red, the Piece - - -100 I White, the Piece - - -zoo BEAVER WOMBS, the Piece . ---018 1. s. d. 20 14 5 0 184 13 1 6 184 13 1 6 184 16 4 2 .184 16 19 to 184 3 13 6 184 1. s. d. 20 14 1 1 84 12 17 7 84 12 17 7 84 16 0 3 84 16 15 n 84 397 Si 1. s. d. 20 to 18 6 349'5 0 3%9*5 0 3$ 12 17 8 34 U >3 4 3$ 0 7 0 34 1. s. d. 20 ti 14 11 13$ 0 11 5 13I O 10 11 5 13j. ,*J. 13 «4* 1 »3i a 14 99 13# a 1 3 5 I3i tr*

BUDGE

VOL. XI.

j~Black

BUDGE -i

| White

rTawcc], die Dozen Skins-----

Unfawed, the hundred Qf. 5 C Score-----

7 Tawed, the hundred Qt, 5 Score 3 Skins ——

I

J. s. d.

I 6 8

3 IO O

2 0 0

I.

13

'5

‘3

s.

I

I

I

d. 20 6 184

10 7iV 6 18*

1.

12

14

12

s. d. 20 1. s.

17 7 H91 5

'7 10 17A r 1 5

17 7 00915

d. 20 ° 33-

3 1Z2T

0 3i

t. s. (Oil

I Z II

ro 1 r

LPoulis, the Fur containing Pains

i o o 13

6 i8£ 12 17 7

S 15 o 3t

ro 11

CALABAR Cj

Seasoned, the Pain -

Shuts, vide in S -

Slag, the Piece -

Tawed, the Timber Qt. 40 Skins Untawed, the Timber Qt. 40 Skins

-1 o o o o 12 o 8 o 6

o~

o

6

o

8

»3

6 i8£

12 17

7 H

9I5

o

3i

to it

CATS f The hundred Qf. 5 Score POULTS I The Mantle -

r o o 6

6 18I

i2 17 7 8|

915 o

DOCKERERS, the Timber Qf. 40 Skins -

irivr-rjcc I The Timber Qt. 40 Skins -

MTCHES,|The Pain or Mantle ——

FOXES, pThe Black Fox Skins -

O 13 4 '3 I

O 13 4 10 14

O 12 *3 I

O IO Oj

6 18$ 6 1 Si

6 i8£

12 17

to 10 12 17

7 8$

7 8* 7 8#

9r5 O 3f to II

7 8 O S* 8 4

9»5 0 3? IO I 1

d. 20

5 13-3 -9Vs

5 13*

5 »3$

5

5 13#

5 *3J

5 13# 5 13

FOXES,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

I The Ordinary Skin ——

tenvtrc [The Pain or Mantle -

r Wombs, Poults, or Pieces, the Pain -

iJDreOed, vide in Skins ——

("Backs, the Dozen ——

I Poults, the hundred Qt. 5 Score -

} Raw, the Piece ——

trnVMnc j Tails,.the Pain or Mantle ——

FOYNES, j With Tai)s> the pjece ——

I Without Tails, the Piece -

Seasoned, the Pain or Mantle

Wombs

Stag, the Pain or Mantle

t CT\vtc 5 Tawed, the Timber Qf, 40 Skins ’ \ Untawed, the Timber Qt. 40 Skins

i. s.

O I

o 15 o 10

s. d. 20 L s. d. 20

r4 6 18J 10 10 7 8*

C. 00 12 >7 7 8*

O *3 4

r 6 8?

0 1 0

0 12 6J

0 3 4

O 4 0

z 6 8"

0 J5 0

8 *9 3 8 15 4 8*

'3 I 6 00 12 17 7 CO

12 l6 10 10J 12 12 11

1 2 59i8| 12 5918-5.

13 1 6 nh- 00 12 17 7 8$

0126 o. 8 4J

I s. 7 8

9>5

5 >29>5

916

8 11

9«5

d. ao O 3q o .3$

3*

r.n

\ 3-^j 3»

JCl -

iiV vo -/ ~ ioO t - P

/. s. d. 20 84 5 I3i-10 11 5 133

93f 692 >3j

0 3f io 1 i 5 13#

3 15I 10 695ar

4 3*915 8 >3#

10 11 5 13$

ft.

a\

Cj,1

"55*

a

n

n

O

eg

fl>

JENNETTS

JENNETTS.

J

Rl lrlc S RaW’ t,le Skin BMclc I Seasoned, the Skin

I , f Raw, the Skin — v. tjreV|Seasoned, the Skin

I. 5. d.

0 12 6

0 16 8

0 3 0

0 4 O

LEOPARDS,

I PTwIS 7 Tawed, the Timber Qt. 40 Skins — ’ j Untawed, the Timber Qt, 40 Skins ——

084 o 6 oj

0 Oi

s. d. 20 I 1. s d. 20 1. s. d. 20 1. s. d. 20

I 6 18$

ia 17 7 8J

9*5 0 3i

10 it 5 13$

MARTRONS,

9- 3-a*

P5T

« co a 5

1- ©

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

R^RONS

or

ARTINS,

‘The Timber Qt, 40 Skins The Pain or Mantle Gills, the Timber Qt. 40 Skins Poults, the Pain or Mantle Tails, the hundred Qt. 5 Score

MINIVER, the Mantle

MINKS,

Tawed, the Timber Qt, 40 Skins Untawed, the Timber Qt. 40 Skins

MOLE SKINS, The Dozen OTTER SKINS, The Piece

OUNCE SKINS, The Piece ——

cam no 5 Of all Sorts, the Timber Qt. 40 Skins b/lilLiio,|Tai)s Q . Tjps of Sable, vide Skins

WEAZLE SKINS, The Dozen-----

WOLF SKINS, gnrwded!h, U=?ieCc=e -

WOLVERINGS, The Piece ——

1. s. d.

10 o o!

9o o }.

0 12 O

010 o I

2 OO

0134

4 o o 300

o o 6

o 50!

: .1

0 J2 6

30 o o

004

I to o

1 3 t>.

O 12 6

s. d. 30

i 6 i8|

296|

d. 20

d. 30

lo it 5 i3£

2 II#

} 12 8 I#

SCHEDULE

The nineteenth and twentkth Years of George III.

SCHEDULE No. a.

c

t- % Ka

x A Schedule of the Rates of the several Articles following, and the Additional Duties to be paid on Importation of the fame, from the British Plantations in America, or the §-West Indies, for every One Hundred Pounds Value thereof, according to said Rates, as the fame flare subject, or not subject, to Aliens Duty, with the several Additional Drawbacks to be allowed

on their Exportation. R

For every £ too. of the Rate. g.

X

SKINS.

BUCK or 1 DEERSKINS,

I In the Hair, the Skin

( The Skin drelled ' Dressed < And besides for every 7 I (, Pound Weight J

CALF SKINS, in the Hair

If by Law not subject to Aliens Duty.

Rate. Additional Duty on Importation. Additional Drawback on Exportation.

1. s. d. I. s. d. 20 1. s. d. zo

026 t7 15 6 i8i 17 11 7 8<7

0 $ 0 17 15 6 i8i 17 II 7 8 i

OOOO 0 0 0 on 0 0 0

0 0 0 8 6i8| 10 10 1 81

If by Law subject to Aliens Duty.

Additional Duty on Importation. Additional Drawback on Exportation. rT" Sr1

1. s. d. 20 ). *5. d. 20 tn

*490 3} 15 5 5 13}

499 3i 15 5 5 13# d

O O 10 4* O O 0 8

O 5 0 3i 5 >6 5 J3f eg rf

CALF SKINS,

O

t»vi r

'P'?.

-?t)5

1. s. d.

fDrefled in Allum") f r

and Salt or Meal, I £ 10% °,fl o o o

or otherwise tawed! j the,r Value on °atM

FOX SKINS fTlie Dozen ——

chelTLi, < .;\nd betides for every /' ] c:o of tllcir 7 L real Value upon Oath 3

And besides for every Pound weight

Tanned, The Dozen -

CALF I besides for every Pound Weigh:

SKINS, '

Slink Calves Skins, 7 for everyhundredof 7 however dressed, j their Value on Oath j And besides for every Pound Weight with 7 the Hair on J

I_For every Pound Weight without the Hair - o o o

DOG SKINS, however dressed, for every one hundred 7 Q

of their value upon oath i

And besides for every Pound Weight o o

'7

'7

'7

o i6 o 15

o o o 34

s. d. 20. 1. s. ,’d. 20. !. i s. d. 20. 1. S. d 20.

15 6 i8* *7 11 7 00 1 *496 3$ r5 5 5’ i3i

0 3 0 0 2 6tV 0 0 3 84 0 0 2 6*

8 6 t8* 15 4 7 CO 1 2 2 03 0 4 12 18 5 '3-1

0 3 19* 0 0 2 I4ts 0 0 3 19! 0 0 2 I4rl-

*5 6 wj-t CO 17 1 i 7 "4 1490 3i 15 5 5 13-i

0 z 5i 0 b 1 n-rV 0 0 2 5v b 0 I HtV

0 1 2-J 0 0 0 ifj? 0 0 1 2-4- 0 6 0 I5i§’

15 6 i8£ 17 11 7 H 1490 33- 15 5 5 *3#

0 1 0 0 0 IT2 0 0 1 2* 0 0 0 *Ttr

2 8 8J '4 18 18 H 11 16 1 *35- f2 j 2 7 3i

2 6 0 z 12 6 O 34 2 6 0 I 6 O

GOLD SKINS,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George 'III.

r The Skin ——

nnr t-> crrrvrc ) And betides, if dressed, for every 7 OOLDSKiNS.i /Tioo. of their real Value upon

L Oath 3

HUSSE SKINS for Fletchers, the Skin

KID SKINS,

fin the Hair, the Hundred con-j taining 5 Score I Dressed, the Hundred, contain-j ing 5 Score Not perfectly dressed, for every

1/ too. of their real Value upon Oath

LFor every Dozen ——

KIP SKINS however tawed.

y For every £100. of their Value ( upon Oath

3 For every Pound Weight -

1. «. d. 20

1715 6l 8

3+260

[. a. d. 20

7 I 1 7 84

1 12 6 0

1. 9. d. 20

1490 3*

34 2 6 0

1. s. d. so

15 5 5 *34

I 12 6 O

16 3 io i8i

16 159

5 S

34

13 139'3|

88 17 5 83 20 19 3 184

53 6 6 34 19 5 5 *34

17 '5 6 >84 <7 11 7 8i

0 1 89? 0 0 0 19*

85 IO 10 134 1813 2 34

39 19 11 84 1619 3 i8f

1490 34 5 5 5 134

0 1 8 95 0 0 0 Xpi

17 15 6 i8| 0038}

17 ii 7 8£

o o o 35

i490 34 o o 3 84

'555 134

o O 0 3lr

GOAT SKINS,

fyc nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

GOAT SKINS,

SEAL SKINS,

1. s. d. 1. s. d. 20 1. s. d. 20 1. s. cl. 20 1. s. d 20

-Cordovants, the Dozen, not being 7 raw or undressed ) 5 o o 26 17 6 i8* 18 0 3' H 23 11 0 sf *5 14 I 13-J.

290 i8£ 18 5 H 6 3l IS t6 3 133

And besides for every Pound \ Weight I o o o o 0 6 163 0 0 0 6* O 0 6 16* O O O 6i

Dressed, except those usually called 3!

Cordovants, for every £ ioo. of C their Value upon Oath j o o 2 17 15 6 18! *7 11 7 H 149O 15 5 5- 13#

For every Dozen . o o o 0 4 6 12 O 0 2 12 O 4 6 12 O O 2 12

For every Pound Weight o o o 0 0 6 16i O 0 O 6i O O 6 j6t 0 O O 61

'The Skin (except where it is pro- A !3l

vided by this Act, that they > shall be imported duty free) J o I 8 19 13 6 t8| 18 10 7 18 5 O 3f 17 3 5

And besides, if dressed, for every A £ too. of their real Value upon > Oath J o o o 34 2 6 0 I 12 6 O 34 2 6 O X I 2 6 O

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

Vol. XL

1. s.

n The Dozen ——

(-And besides if not particularlycharg-") oPwitv , i ed(for every £ too. of their real Va- > J lue upon Oath - J

dJ 6 8

O O O

SHEEP SKINS, i

/-For every £ too.

Tanned* I yajue Upon Oa

'-For every Dozen In the Wool, the Skin

17 39*H

34 A 6 o

d. 20 I 1. s. d. 20 it

0 0 0 17 r5 6 *8|

0 0 c 0 1 8 9i

0 0 3 8 7 6 l8

r Tawed, the Dozen -

SPRUCE SKINS,}And

every £ too. of) ( their real Value upon Oath j

16 19 io 8^ I 12 6 O

1. s. d. do

«3 *7 3 3&

34 2 6 0

17 11 7 8f

o 0 7 9i 8 3 7 H

2 0 0 17 15 $ i8l 17 11 7 8f *4 5 0 3i

OOOO 34 2 6 0 1 12 6 0 34 2 6 0

s. d. ao X4 *3 8 *3

1 12 6 o

O ii 15 5 5 *3

8 9i 0 0 7 Pi

0 3f 5 17 5 l3i

*5 5 5 *34 1 in 6 o

SCHEDULE

1

7 V

s S.

5%. nineteenth and twentieth Teart of George III.

Q M . 3-VJ L>

V VD

CO M O

w

SCHEDULE No. 3.

a

A SCHEDULE of the Rates of the several Articles following, and the Additional |-

1

Duties to be paid on Importation of the fame, from the British Plantations in America, or the §5

West Indies, for every One Hundred Pounds Value thereof, according to said Rates,' as the fame

are subject, or not subject, to Aliens Duty, with the several Additional Drawbacks to be allowed

on their Exportation.

For every £ 100. of the Rate.

It by Law not subject to Aliens Duty. IFby Law subject to Aliens' Duty.

H I X) E S* Rate. Additional Duty on Importation. Additional Drawback on Exportation, Additional Duty on Importation. Additional Drawback on *-5^ Exportation. q

1. s. d, BUFF HIDES (In the Hair ' ’ 0 10 0 viz. BUFFALO, Atidbefides foi every Pound Weight 000 1. s. d. zo 19 12 60 007 1. s. d. 20 21 16 0 10 0 0 S Sif 1. s. d. 20 11 .10 it 5 007 !<*}. 1. s. d 20 S? , 17 2 4 15 . rt> 0 0 5 H cotv '*

COW or HORSE HIDES,

In the Hair, the Piece -

Tanned, The Piece —

And besides for every Pound Weight ——

INDIA

HIDES,

The Hide, ——

f Dressed in Oil, the Pound r j ~e 'S Tanned, the Pound

fides if|Tawed, the Hide

to

Of Horses, Mares, or Geldings- tawed, for every j£ioo. of their Value upon

And besides for every Hide —

LOSH HIDES, The Hide

And besides for every Pound Weight ——

All other Hides and Pieces') For every One Hun- of Hides not before par- > dred Pounds of their > ticularly charged, J Value upon Oath J

And besides if

Dressed in Oil, the Pound Tanned, the Pound — Tawed, the Hide ——

s. d. J. s. d. 20 1. s. a. 20 1. s. d. 20 1. s. d. 20

o 2 6 o 0 0 0 I 2 1 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

o to o *7 I 6 I8| *7 1 7 8* 1490 3i 15 5 5 '3#

o o o o 0 3 '9f O 0 2 O 0 3 19 ! O 0 2 Mrs

0 4 2916 7 17? 0 12. 0 2 7^ I 15 1 7 6 6

o o o o 0 ' 7 igi O 0 5 815 O 0 7 '9i 0 0 5 8f§

o o o o 0 3 *9* O 0 2 '4t5 O 0 3 '9$ 0 0 2 '4r#

o o o o 3 11 '5* O 2 8 O 3 11 'Si 0 2 8 ,2<r

o o o n *5 6 i8| 17 11 7 CO Wu *490 9.3. *5 5 5 *3%

o o o o 2 3 6 O 1 6 I2| 0 2 3 6 0 1 6 I2f

o. 5 o 19 13 6 0 1996 IO 16 6 11 5 17 3 4 '5

o o o 0 0 7 13* 0 0 5 m 0 0 7 19* 0 0 5 8|#

o o o *7 *5 6 i8| l7 11 7 «* 1490 3i 15 5 5 '3-1

o o o 0 0 7 »9* 0 0 5 8-§5 0 0 7 *9i 0 0 5

o o o 0 0 3 '9| 0 0 2 '4rl 0 0 3 0 0 2 '4||-

o o o 0 3 IX *5* 0 2 8 *22- 0 3 11 «5i 0 2 8 '2ff

SCHEDULE

C/l

Krr

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

SCHEDULE No. 4.

3

et>

A SCHEDULE of the Rates of the several Articles following, of the Growth or

Produce of the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, and the total Neat Duties to be paid on the Importation of the fame, for every One Hundred Pounds Value thereof, according S to said Rates, as the same are, or are not, subject to Aliens Duty, -with the several Drawbacks to be allowed on their Exportation; the said Duties to be in Lieu and full Satisfaction of all Du- jg^ ties now payable by Law for the fame, and the said Drawbacks to be in the Place and Stead of g-all Drawbacks now allowed by Law thereon. g

x*.

For every £100. of the Rate

If by Law not subject to Aliens Duty. If by Liw subject to Aliens Duty.

SKINS. Rate. Duty payable at Importation. Drawback at Exportation. Duty payable at Importation. Drawback at Exportation.

1. s. d. ^DEERW } Ifdiaa half theft, the Pound Weight 013 CONEY SKINS, the Dozen 010 DOG SKINS undressed, the Piece 008 1. s. d. 20 25 4 6 18$ 27 4 6 i84-27 4 6 i8f 1. s. d. 20 24 13 1 8| 24 13 1 84 *4 *3 1 H i 1. s. d. 20 28 13 0 3f 28 13 0 si z8 13 0 si 1. s. d. 20 O J3. 84 14 5 13$ a 24 t4 5 i3i f* 24 14 5 i3I DOG FiSH

Vol. XL

ts

I. s. d. 1. s> d. 20 1. s. d 20 1. s. d. 20 1. s. d. 20

DOG FISH SKINS', for Fletchers, the Dozen o O 6 27 4 6 18J. 24 *3 1 8* 28 13 O 3$ 24 14 5

C Drest or undreft, the Skin o 6 O z7 4 6 i8£ 24 *3 1 8$ 28 13 O 3$ 24 >4 5 133

ELK S K I N S. ( And besides if drest in Oil. for 7 >93

i every Pound Weight o 0 0 0 0 7 O 0 5 8M 0 0 7 193 0 0 5 8 U

FISHERS SKINS the Piece o 5 O 27 4 6 M OO 24 ‘3 1 8-J 28 13 0 33 24 14 5 i33

HARE S K I N S, the Dozen o 0 4 27 4 6 18.3 24 r3 1 pjft 00 28 *3 0 33 24 *4 . 5 *33

TDreffed in Allum, the Hundred i containing Five Score J I 0 0 27 4 6 24 13 1 28 *3 0 3-3 24 H S I

And besides for every Dozen o 0 0 0 1 1 '3 O 0 4 >9r 0 1 1 »3 0 0 4 I9r

Dressed in Oil, the Hundred , containing Five Score j 4 0 0 z7 4 6 *«3 24 >3 z 83 28 l3 0 33 24 14 £ *33

And besides for every Dozen o 0 0 0 2 3 6 0 0997 0 2 3 6 0 09J9i

Undressed in the Wool, the ’ Hundred containing Six Score .0 10 0 27 .4 6 18* 24 13 1 8* 28 >3 0 33 24 '4 5 '33

LAMB SKINS, - Slink Dressed, the Hundred \ containing Five Score \ 0 10 0 27 4 6 OO *;o» 24 13 1 8$ 28 »3 0 33 24 14 5 *33

And besides for every ^.ioo of, their real Value upon Oath J 0 0 0 34 2 6 O 1292 O 34 2 6 0 1292 0

Slink undressed in the Wool, the , 27 is* 24 <3 8-3 28 »3

Hundred containing Six Score [ »0 5 0 4 6 2 0 33 24 *4 5 *33

I 1 Tanned, for everyth.too of their real Value upon Oath 1 0 0 0 27 4 6 fi* 00 24 13 1 H 28 r3 0 33 24 14 5 '33

I Tanned, for every Dozen 0 0 0 0 1 8 9b 0 0 7 9i 0 1 8 9b O 0 7 93

lion

fc T

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

LION SKINS, the Piece

MOOSE SKINS, the Piece M U S QJJ ASH, the Skin PANTHER, the Piece

PELTS of GOATS,

P E L T S of all Sorts, except Goat Pelts, the 7 Hundred containing Five Score J

RACOONS, the Skin

GOAT SKINS,

In the Hair the Dozen, not being raw or undressed except those usually called Cor-dovants

o

o

0

1

o

0

1

o

1

SHAGREEN SKINS,

The Skin

And besides For every j£.iao of their real Value upon oath

1

o

o

s. d. io o‘ io o

o 6 o o

io o

5 o

IO o

o 6

0 o

1 8

O Q

1. s.

27 4

27 4

27 4

27 4

34 2

d. 20 1. s. d. 20 1. s. d. 20

6 i8£ 24 13 1 28 13 0 33.

6 i8f 24 13 1 8.3 28 is b 33.

6 i8£ 24 t3 83 28 13 0 3f

6 18 $ 24 13 1 8£ 28 13 0 3f

6 o 1 12 6 0 34 2 6 0

1. s.

24 14

24 14

24 14 24 14

I I 2

d. 20

5 i3t

5 '35-

5 »3$

5 131 o

Olr

b&

SHEEP SKINS,

2'he'nineteenth and twentieth Years of George'HI.

f-

SHEEP SKINS,

' Drefied and not tanned, the 7 Dozen )

And betides if in Oil, the Dozen Or otherwise dretTed and not 7 . Tanned, the Dozen j

SWAN SKINS, the Piece

TAILS or TIPS 6f SABLE, the Piece

TYGER SKINS, the Piece N

» VIZIR SKINS, the Piece, WOODSHOCKS, the Skin

FURS,

"Budge called Navern, the hundred Legs containing 5 Score Ditto Rumney the hundred Legs containing 5 Score

r Skins the Hundred containing 5 Cats, < Score

(. Wombs, the Pain or Mantle LLeuzerns Skins, the Piece

1. s. d. 05 o

o o o

o o o

03 4' 0 2° O 10 O

e 5 o 050

084 068 2 o o

063

2 IO O

1. s.

d. 20

1. s.

d. 20

27 4 6 18J O 3 4 19 o 1 1 13

27 4 6 i8f

27 4 6 18$

1. S. d. 20

24 13 1 8|

o i a 19

004 ig|

24 13 I SI-24 13 1 8J

1. s. d. 20

zS 13 0 3f

0 3 4 19

0 1 1 13

28 13 o 3! 28 13 o 3I

24 14 5 »3f o 1 2 19

004 19I

H 14 5 13?-24 14 5 13!

27 4 6 M 00 24 *3 t 8*

27 4 6 00 M 24 13 I 8|

27 4 6 i8| 24 «3 I 8*

27 4 6 i8| 24 13 I 8|

27 4 6 i8| 24 «3 I 8*

28 13 O vk 24 *4 5 13#

28 *3 O 3l 24 »4 5 I3l-

28 13 O 3?r 24 '4 5 r3'*'

28 13 O 3l 24 14 5 13?

28 13 O 3? 24 14 S "3l

SCHEDULE

jT& nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

SCHEDULE, No. 5

9- 3 h

S'

o

A SCHEDULE of the Rates of the several Articles following, according to which a

Duty is to be paid on their Export if they shall have been imported from the JBritish Colonies in

RICE -

INDIGO ——

FUTSICK WOOD -

BRASIL WOOD -

BRAZILETTO WOOD -

NICORAGO WOOD -

GUINEA or RED WOOD

SAP AN WOOD -

LOGWOOD, unless In British or Irish Logwood may be exported Duty free

Shipping, in which Cafe such j.

frica.

Rate.

per Ct. £6 8

per lb. a 3 4-

per Cwt. ° S o

per Cwt.1S o

per Cwt. I I 8

per Cwt. o 8 o

per Cwt. X I o o

per Cwt. o io 0

per Cwt. % o o

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

The. nineteenth and twentieth yeah of George III. 461

CHAP. XII.

h act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Ma-jejlfs revenue i and for the more effectually preventing of frauds therein; and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned.

A.D.

1779-80;

WHEREAS by an act made in the fourteenth and fifteenth By H k years of the reign of his late Majesty king Charles the js 5'^,8' fecoad, intitled, An act for settling the excise and new impojl upon feizcll run, if his Majest], his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates |J, M2f""y»by therein inserted, it is amongst other things enacted, that in Cafe true owner,or any goods or merchandizes, seized as is therein mentioned for under his having been run or intended to be run, shall not be claimed by forfe,t* the true and lawful owner or proprietor thereof, or by one deputed under his or their hands, within one and twenty days after seizure, the said goods shall be absol’utely forfeited and con-fifcdtecl: and whereas many frauds have been committed by frauds means of claims made by or on behalf of persons,- who were not ?'a,m of Pcr,-

r tons not real

the real owners and proprietors of goods, merchandizes, or other ownm, things, which have been seized, or by persons who were not duly deputed to make such claims, in evasion of said in part receited act: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of Auguli on tender-one thousand seven hundred and eighty as often as any claim or claims for any goods, merchandizes, or other things, which shall formjrWds be seized for any breach of or offence against any of the laws of ofoath made excise made in this kingdom, shall be tendered by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, thereof in person, the said owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, shall at the time of tendering such claim make oath before the officer or officers appointed to receive and register such claim, (which oath the said officer or officers is and are hereby impowered and required tot administer) that he, she, or they so tendering said claim is or are the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of the goods, merchandizes, or other things/ which shall have been so seized as aforesaid: and that in case the said goods, mer-

0 and by

chandizes, or other things so seized, shall be claimed by any per- person. dcson or persons as deputed to claim the goods so seized, that then f"gl'tiuch'" and in such case such person or persons so tendering a claim quoted with shall make oath before the officer or officers appointed to receive fubVrflinlto and register such claim as aforesaid, (which oath the said officer Voi. XI. 6 A or

462 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

or officers is and are hereby impowered and required to adini-1779-80. nifter,) that he, she, or they is or are well acquainted with the Chap. 12. hand writing or hand writings of the person or persons, whoso bdngtkper- name or names is or are subscribed to such deputation, and that son’s name, according to his, her, or their belief the name or names sub-

and of being r . 0

true and law- lcribed to the said deputation, appointment, or power is or are ful owner. t]le hand writing or hand writings of the person or persons, whose name or names is or are thereunto subscribed; and that the person or persons, whose name or names is or are so subscribed, is or are, as the person so making oath verily believes, the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of the said goods, merchandizes, or other things then under seizure as aforesaid; which said several affidavits and deputations shall be lodged and deposited with such officer or officers as aforesaid.

On failure,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Kfufedd«oid ® ca^e of tefufal ot omission to make such affidavit at the times «nd condcm- and in manner aforesaid then and in any of the said cases it want of claim, shall and may be lawful to and for such officer and officers as aforesaid to refuse to receive or register any such claim or claims, and the tender thereof shall be null and void, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's excise and the fubcommifToners in their several and respective districts to proceed to the condemnation of such goods, merchandizes, or other things, in such manner as by law may now be done for want of a claim.

Jalfc swear-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if

oming pu" any person or persons shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly make or nifted a» by swear any affidavit or affidavits hereby directed to be made or wilful pclju- taken touching or concerning such claim as aforesaid, or shall nationfui>0t* corrupt procure or suborn any person or persons for the purposes aforesaid, so as such person or persons shall swear or make any of the aforesaid affidavits wilfully, corruptly, and falsely, every person being legally convicted of any of the said offences by verdict, or upon his or their confession, for every such offence shall incur and suffer such pains, penalties, forfeitures, and dis-abilities respectively, as persons convicted of committing or corruptly procuring or suborning' any witness to commit wilful and corrupt perjury are reflectively subject to by any law or statute now in force in this kingdom.

On foreign

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that proof of2 thi* any foreign goods shall be seized for nonpayment of duties or

ties paid, fc- other cause of forfeiture; and any dispute shall arise, whether the &?'duties have been paid for the same, or whether the fame have

claimer. 2 becfl

The nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III. 4^3

been lawfully imported, or legally compounded for or con. A.D. ilenmed, or concerning the place from whence such goods Were 1779-So: brought, then and in such case the proof of the payment of the Chap. 12. duties, or of the legal importation, or legal com or sale 011 condemnation, or the place from whence such goods were-brought, as the case may happen, shall lie on the owner or claimer of such goods, arid not oil the officer who shall seize or flop such goods.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 'pints in'

from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred <r

and eighty if any brandy, rum, or other spirits in calks, bottles>

jars, or other vessels or packages whatsoever, under fifty gallons used in linen gauge, save and except spirit of vitriol, or other spirits used in the ^cord^is* linen manufacture, and cordial waters, shall be found on board f0UIUJ ?n

» - board in port

any ship, vessel, or boat m any port or barbour in this kingdom, or harbour, or or hovering within three leagues of the shore of this kingdom, or shall be discovered so to have been, although bulk shall not appear discowred, to have been broken, or any of the said goods or commodities be- tempt to nm, iore mentioned run or attempted to have been run out of such ship, vessel, or boat, save only and except in case of unavoidable mcdiatcuotice necciiity and distress, of which necessity and distress the master, for/nearell'" purler, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such lliip, veil'd, or boat shall immediately after the arrival the ship, juns, of such lliip vefld, or boat in any bay, harbour, river, or creek of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue resident at the iicareft port, where such ship, veil'd, or boat shall arrive, such lliip, vefld, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, shall be seized and forfeited together with all such goods arid commodities before mentioned, which shall be found in such lliip, vefld, or boat.

VI. Provided rievertheless that it shall be lawful to have so Except 2 much brandy, rum, dr other spirits for the use of the seamen

then belonging £0 and on board such ship or veil'd, as shall not exceed in quantity more than two gallons of spirits for each and every seaman belonging to such lliip or vessel.

VII. And Whereas by an act of parliament passed in this king- 3 G- 3. i!om in the third year of his Majesty's teign, intitled,- An act for S4, 'l'

dc encouragement of the ffieries of this kingdom, it is among other tilings enacted, that upon the return of any buss or veil’d that oath there shall be employed in the said fiflicries, or whole owners shall be bf?mngwir-imitled to the bounties in the said act mentioned, into any port fcl,to w|itls

’ J to bounty*

of Ireland for her discharge, the master thereof shall make oath

464 The nineteenth and twentieth yeats of George III.

A.D.

as therm mentioned: and whereas notwithstanding the said 1779-80. oath several frauds have been committed by shipping and taking Chap. 12. on hoard contraband and prohibited goods, and also by running and finuggling of goods during the time of such buss or vessel’s h'bTd8 PSs keing out or employed on the said fisheries: for remedy whereof runnin/and’ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and ^additional a^ter P^ng of this act in addition to the said oath, before

°atn the several and respective bounties in the said in part receited act

bounties paid, mentioned shall be paid, the master of every such buss or veflei pLgprohi'to- respectively shall make oath to the following import before the cd goods, or collector or comptroller of the said port, who are hereby im-faLsgiBo? powered respectively to administer the same, "that neither he, aiT'iliicit nor any of his crew to his knowledge or belief, had shipped or

trade. laden on board such respective buss or veflei any contraband or

prohibited goods or merchandizes of any fort or kind whatsoever, or any goods or merchandizes whatsoever, with intent to run, or smuggle, or land, or import the fame without the payment of the duties due and payable to his Majesty thereon, nor had been con-cemed in any contraband or illicit trade whatsoever, nor had run or smuggled any goods or merchandizes whatsoever from the time the buss or vessel, in which he so embarked for the purpose aforesaid, had failed, until the return thereof to such port or place as aforesaid." On false

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, thsit if any person or persons shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly

1.:.. r swear or make oath touching or concerning any of the matters, hereby or by the said in part receited act directed to be verified by oath, or shall corruptly procure or suborn any person or persons to swear falsely in, touching, or concerning any of the matters aforesaid, every person being legally convicted of such offence or offences by verdict, or upon his or their confession, shall incur all such pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, as persons, who commit or corruptly procure or suborn any witness or witnesses to commit wilful or corrupt perjury, are now subjecttoby any law or statute now in force in this kingdom.

33 G. a. c.

IX. And whereas by an act made in the thirty third year of the 10. eluded by reign of his late Majesty king George the second, intitled, An i distillers, by for the better regulating the colleBion of his Majestys revenue, and Jhr preventing preventing frauds therein, and for repealing an aB made the kjl officers exa- sessions oj parliament, intitled, An act for continuing and amendin' htenfxt Any, floral laws heretofore made relating to his Majestys revenue, and p todeb'verout *he more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majesty's customs and liquors be- excise, and the several acts and statutes which are mentioned in the pi a,>d continued thereby, hath been eluded by brewers and diffil-

lers,

penalties for perjury or fubomatlon by any law force.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 465

lers, who commit many fraudulent practices, particularly in theA.D.

night time, and prevent the officers of the revenue from entering 1779-80.

or examining their breweries or distilleries until a late hour on the Chap. 12.

subsequent day: and whereas brewers and distillers have now re* to

spectively a right by law to deliver out beer, ale, aquavits,

spirits, and strong waters to their customers between the hours

of the day herein after mentioned, that is to say, from the twenty

fifth day of March and twenty ninth day of September yearly and to

between the hours of three of the clock in the morning and nine

of the clock in the evening, and from the twenty ninth day of

September to the twenty fifth day of March yearly between the hours of five of the clock in the morning and eight of the clock

in the evening: therefore be it further enacted by the authority common

aforesaid, that every common brewer and distiller shall from the dSr m

twenty ninth day of September to the twenty fifth day of March in a J J r ' morning and

each and every year at any time or times between the hours of 8 in evening three o’clock in the morning and eight o’clock in the evening of each and every day, and from the twenty fifth day of March to the twenty ninth day of September in each and every year at any officers and time or times between the hour of three o’clock in the morning and eight o’clock in the evening of each and every day, either a|><* attend in person and admit, or cause some person to attend and of liquors a» admit, the officer or officers of excise and his and their assistants of‘ " re‘

quircuj

into their breweries, distilleries, or stores, and permit him or them to view the fame, and to gauge and take an account of the liquors contained therein, as often as such officer or officers shall attend and require to be admitted within the times and in the manner herein before mentioned; and in case any officer or offi- not admit-cers shall not get admittance, after having demanded the fame, and declared his or their name and business, and after having j'"8 °nae waited for the space of one half hour after such demand made at the usual the gate or door of any common brewer or distiller, through which such officer hath been usually admitted, such common brewer or distiller so offending shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence.

X. And whereas by the different laws heretofore made for the sdmring improvement of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing frauds therein, common brewers and other persons brewing or making out certificate any beer or ale for sale, and delivering the same to retailers with-out such certificate as therein mentioned, are made liable to different penalties, by which much uncertainty and confulkm have arisen: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the passing this ail every common brewer, or other person

466 The nineteenth and twentieth years oj George III.

A.D.

brewing or making any beer or ale for sale, who shall deliver or .1779-80. cause to be delivered any beer or ale to any retailer or other per-Chap. 12. son felling beer or ale without such certificates, as the law re. ! quires, shall for every barrel so delivered without such certificate as aforesaid forfeit the sum of forty drillings in lieu of all forfeitures or penalties heretofore imposed for said offence.

Strong beer

XI. And whereas it is found expedient to ascertain the prices, LgSi,r<or"at which strong beer or porter shall be bought and sold: be it en-onder 181. & acted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty SjTpKom ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty *?7. if any common or retailing brewer, who shall declare him or her-

cubicalinche*

and 6-iothj, self to be a brewer of strong beer or ale, mail brew any small tfe *4d! sc heer, or beer or ale of a lower, price than at the rate of eighteen deduabnor htihmgs and four pence by the barrel, containing thirty two gal-llowance, Ions, each gallon to contain two hundred and seventeen cubical inches and fix tenths of a cubical inch, or any beer or ale between the prizes of eighteen, shillings and four pence and twenty two shillings the barrel, containing thirty two gallons of the dimensions aforesaid, such prices to be clear of all deductions, and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the score or small or otherwise; or if any common or retailing brewer, so declaring

beer brewers him or herself to be a brewer of small beer, shall brew any ale or

bicffion

strong, above strong beer, that is to say, any beer or ale of an higher value than <s,f"’barrel’six shillings the barrel, containing thirty two gallons, each gallon to contain two hundred and seventeen cubical inches and fix tenths of a cubical inch, he, she, or they, so reflectively offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such offehce the sum of fifty penalty 50l. pounds j one moiety of which penalty or forfeiture shall go to his to ting and Majesty, This heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the

informer. J

informer.

Strongbeer

XII. And for the more effectual preventing common or retailor potter not fog brewers from making or felling strong beer or porter ata Wei,"e'iC lower price than at the rate of twenty two drillings for every barrel ani *d. containing thirty two gallons of the dimensions aforesaid, or ale at a lower price than at the rate of eighteen shillings and four pence for every barrel containing thirty two gallons of like dimensions, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty if any common or retailing brewer of strong beer, ale, or porter, shall fell, or if any retailer of strong beer, ale, or porter, shall buy, any quantity of strong beer or ale for a lower price than at the rate of eighteen drillings and four pence by the barrel, containing thirty two gallons of the dimensions 5 aforesaid,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 467

aforesaid, or any quantity of beer or ale between the prices of A.D. eighteen shillings and four pence and twenty two shillings by the 1779-80* barrel, containing thirty two gallons of the dimensions aforesaid, Chap. 12. such prices to be clear of all deductions, and without any abate-mentor allowance made by barrel to the (core, or otherwise, such or

J allowance,

common or retailing brewer or retailer shall respectively forfeit the penalty 20l. sum of twenty pounds for every barrel of strong beer or ale, which Cnghuimi shall be so bought and sold, and so in proportion for a greater orfold-less quantity.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, swuntio that from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty if any brewer of strong beer or or porter

ale shall fell upon trust or credit at any time or times any void.*0"’ quantity of strong beer or of porter at a lower price than at the rate of twenty two shillings by the barrel containing thirty two gallons of the dimensions aforesaid, or any quantity of ale at a lower price than at the rate of eighteen shillings and four pence by the barrel containing thirty two gallons of such dimensions as aforesaid, or any strong beer, porter, or ale, between the said prices of twenty two shillings the barrel and eighteen shillings and (four pence the barrel, of such dimensions as aforesaid, such prices to be clear of all deductions, and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the score or otherwise, such brewer or brewers shall not be entitled or have any remedy to recover any sum or sums of money on account of such beer, ale, or porter so sold as aforesaid j and all promisory notes, bondsj or other writings, given as a security for the payment of such debts or contracts, are hereby declared void, and of none effect.

XIV. And whereas common brewers of porter, beer, or ale for sale frequently make use of close calks or vats of large content, and of so great height that the gaugers or officers of excise cannot reach to the top thereof to take the gauge: and whereas it frequently happens, that such brewers do keep their flocks in calks placed in dark cellars and stores, and kept close flopped, by means whereof the gaugers or other officers of excise cannot gauge and take an account of the quantity or quality of the beer,

ale, guile, or wort contained therein, and arc prevented from Brewcr al'certaining the flock on hand of such brewers, to the prejudice having calks of his Majesty's revenue: for remedy whereof be it enacted by bands'an/ the authority aforesaid, that as often as any common or retail- the top^ove ing brewer shall have any calk or vessel in his or her custody, ti,/ro^d, the contents whereof shall exceed four barrels, and the top of

which sufficient lad-dci>

468 the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

which shall be above six feet from the ground, such brewer, or 1779-80. the person attending to shew his or her flock to the gauger or Chap. 12. other officer of excise, shall on request of such gauger or other officer of excise fumish or cause to be furnished to the said gauger or other officer of excise a strong and safe ladder of length sufficient to enable him to ascend to the top of said calk, to be applied to the fide of any such calk at which the said gauger or and make other officer of excise shall require the same to be applied; and fnchMin°the t*iat evei7 brewer shall make or cause to be made an hole of at least three inches diameter in the head or upper end of each to that fide, and every of said calks or vessels at the fide next to that, on which JjJ'or gauge ladder is placed for the gauger or other officer of excise to dip or

and take ac. gauge, and take an account of the liquor contained in such vessel c<mnt’ or vessels; and that such brewer or his servant shall at the re-

and open quell of the gauger or other officer of excise at any time open

n on request, paj,j jj0je for t[,e purpose aforesaid; and if any common or retailing brewer shall from and after the passing of this act ‘ neglefit or refuse to fiimish or cause to be furnished to such gauger or other officer of excise on demand such ladder as aforesaid, or to make or cause to be made an hole in the head or upper part of such calk or vessel in manner aforesaid, or to open the fame when required by the gauger or other officer of excise as

Brewer afore^> or shall otherwise obstruct or prevent the gauger or fusing or 0- other officer from examining and gauging such vessel or vessels, ftnlaingto* l"uch brewer shall for every such refusal, hindrance, or neglect, forfeit joi. forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

On -W.-1

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Stevery common and retailing brewer of beer, ale, or porter for sale, or the person attending to shew such brewer’s flock, shall upon demand made by the gauger or other officer of excise fumish and attend him or them with light sufficient to enable said officer or officers effectually to gauge and take an account of such brewers flock; and that it shall be lawful for the gauger or other officer to examine said flock of beer, ale, guile, or worts by officer may tailing the fame or any part thereof; and if any common 01 anduftc^kretailing brewer or his or her servant, who shall attend to strew such brewer’s flock, shall on demand of the gauger or other officer of excise refuse or neglect to furnish the said officer with light sufficient as aforesaid, or shall refuse or hinder such gauger or other officer of excise from tailing the flock or any part thereof rrfufing for the purpose herein before mentioned, every such common or taftlngstock, retailing brewer shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty s°t pounds.

The nineteenth and twentieth Teats of George III. 469

XVI. And whereas persons connected with common brewers A.D. under pretence of being purchasers of beer, ale, or porter in or- r779‘®°* der to fell by wholesale, keep stores, into which large quantities Chap^l^ of beer, porter, or ale clandestinely brewed, are conveyed and Every pw-lodged: and whereas the excise officers have been prevented from beer? entering the said stores or taking an account of the stocks of such persons as aforesaid, whereby great frauds are committed to the bywhoicfafe, prejudice of the fair brewer, and also of his Majesty's revenue: n(1atlceof such therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person receiving beer, ale, or porter from any common or retailing resident witi brewer or other person in order to sell the same by wholesale, shall, abode*"1 before he or she shall commence wholesale dealer in beer, ale, or porter, or fell or deliver any part thereof out of his or her custody, give a notice in writing at the excise office of the district where he or she shall reside, of his or her intention so to commence wholesale dealer with his or her name and place of abode; and that it shall and may be lawful for the gauger or gaugers, or other excise by day officer of the district, at all times to enter in the day time the houses, cellars, stores, and other places of every such person, and «>« account gauge, taste, and take an account of all beer, ale, porter, guile, mon brewer, or wort there found, in like manner as if such person or persons was or were common brewers j and if any such person shall fell fdim; or or deliver any beer, ale, porter, guile, or wort, before he or she shall so give notice in writing in manner aforesaid, or having oMniAing given such notice shall not permit and suffer the gauger or other ;, EtoWw excise officer to enter into his or her house, cellar, store or other place, lo or when entered shall prevent or hinder him or them from search- declare, or

rt. 1 . , / 11 1 1 nottruiyfrom

ing, gauging, tailing, or taking an account of all beer, ale, whom and porter, guile, or wort there found, or shall refuse to /hew and count his or her flock of beer, ale, porter, guile, or wort, and declare the quantity /hewed to be all his or her flock, or shall not declare or shall conceal any part there, or shall not truly declare, for whom and when he or she received the fame, such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

XVII. And whereas by the said in part recited act of the four- By 14 & teenth and fifteenth of Charles the second the return made by the

1 1.34. return

gauger to the commissioners or fubcommissioners of excise or >>y gauger > their deputies of beer and ale brewed, and of strong waters made hKmn°or or dillilled, is a charge upon the brewer or distiller, who is obliged their to pay excise accordingly, in case the return of such gauger do entrici, exceed what-the said brewers and distillers shall upon their entries charge themselves with, and not otherwise, in order as much as may be to prevent disputes and contentions between revenue offi-Vol. XI. 6 C

cers

470 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

cers and brewers and distillers, and to guard again! mistakes ami 1779-80. misrepresentations by revenue officers with reaped to the quantity and quality of the liquors so charged upon brewers and distillers: on dispute be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as often as any dif-ty or'juai'ity' Pute 01 difference shall arise between the revenue officer and the the return brewer or distiller touching the quantity or quality of the liquor

shall be verifi- - rr l l ,.n.

ed on oath 10 charged by the revenue officer upon the brewer or distiller, chaise,tnand t^le return so made by the said revenue officer or officers shall not otherwise. be verified by the oath of such officer or officers, to be made before one of the chief commissioners or fubcommissioners of excise, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same, that the said return so by him made is truly and fairly made to the belt of his skill and knowledge, and the said return shall then be a charge upon the brewer or distiller so disputing the fame, and not otherwise.

33 G. 2. c. X VIII. Whereas by the said in part recited act of the thirty third

recited*' ®eorSe second it is amongst other things enacted, That it shall and may :be lawful to and for the gauger and officers of excise from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty to keep an account of all walh, pot ale, and low wines, which shall from time to time be found by him or them in the hands or possession of any distiller or distillers, and upon any decrease of wash made of drink brewed or made from malted or unmalted corn, or any other grain, to charge such distiller or distillers with as much strong waters, as one ninth part of the walh so decreased shall amount unto, or with as many gallons of strong waters as one third part of the first extraction from the said wash so decreased, commonly called low wines, shall amount to: and whereas by an act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty King George tj & 16 third, entitled, An act for the improvement of his Majests re-18 3 cVd f ve!ue' an^ more cffe£iually prevailing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending feverat taws heretofore made and novo in force relative to his Majests said revenue, it is amongst other things enacted, that in case the officer of excise within his respecttive walk or district shall find any Hill or stills at work, and declared by the distiller, or any person employed by him or her, to be at work, for the purpose of rectifying spirits, and shall not find a proper decrease equal to the charge of the still from the flock of spirits, or that any distiller or distillers shall refuse to declare, what is then in the still, then and in either of the said cases it shall be lawful for inch officer of excise to charge the distiller, as if the said still was filled with low wines; and Inch r distiller

7 he nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

distiller shall pay the duties due and payable to his Majesty accordingly; and if such distiller shall declare, that he is diddling faints, then it shall be lawful for such officer of excise to charge the distiller as if the said dill was filled with pot ale, and such distiller shall pay the duties due and payable to his Majesty accordingly, And whereas it has been found that great frauds have been committed by distillers removing their faints in flock and replacing them with low wines clandestinely distilled: and at the time of shewing their flocks to the gauger, declaring such low wines to be faints, and under pretence of diddling faints large quantities of low wines have been distilled: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty if any distiller or his or her servant, who shall shew the flock of such distiller to the gauger, shall declare any part of such distiller’s flock to be faints, and that it shall be found, that nine gallons thereof shall contain or produce more than one gallon of proof spirits, then and in such case all such liquors so declared as faints, or found concealed after declaration shall be forfeited with the vessels containing the fame; and the person so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty (hil-. lings for every three gallons thereof; or if any distiller, or his or her servant, shall declare to the gauger, that his or her still or dills are charged with or distilling faints, that such distiller or his or her servant shall at the request of the gauger work off said still in the presence and according to the direction of the gauger without flopping it or causing it to run foul, and shall put the produce thereof into a vessel or vessels capable of containing not less than one hundred gallons each, as the gauger shall direct, without wilful wafting or destroying any part thereof; and if such distiller shall refuse to work off such still, or shall flop it when set to work, or shall spill or destroy any of the produce, such distiller shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if it shall be found, that the produce of such still or dills shall amount to more proof spirits than one ninth part of the content of such still or dills, allowing one seventh of the content of such (lift for working, such distiller shall forfeit for every gallon of proof spirits so produced over and above the said ninth part of twenty shillings; the strength of such spirits and of such liquors as shall be declared as. faints to be determined by the hydrometer used for proving the strength of imported spirits; and if it shall be found, that either salt, sugar, fyrrup, or any glutinous matter shall be mixed with any spirits, or any liquor declared as faints, so as to prevent their strength being known by the hydrometer, the distiller in whose 6 C a custody

frauds by distilling low wines under pretence of faints,

if flock declared faints, and9gallons produce more than one of proof spirits, the liquors and vessels forfeited and 208. every 3 gallons,

stills work* cd off by gauger’s direction without flopping or causing to run foul.

produce in vessels of too gallons each without wait* ing,

penalty col. on distiller,

if produce more proof spirits than 1 *9th of the content (allowing i -7th for working) 20s. every gallon orer forfeited,

determined by the hydrometer,

if mixture to prevent knowing their strength, forfeited with the calk and 20l<

472 The nineteenth and twentieth fears of George XII.

A.D.

custody such liquor declared as faints, and so mixed, or such

1779-80. spints so mixed shall be found, shall forfeit :the sum of twenty pounds together with such liquor or spirits, and the cask containing the same.

cWremrSHs

XIX. And whereas great frauds are committed by distillers ibfcwwcharging their stills in the absence of the officers of excise with worts or wash, of which no account hath been taken by the said officers: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty ninth day of September ari^lofts'8* one t^ou^an(l seven hundred and eighty every distiller, maker, provided and compounder, or redtifier of low wines, spirits, or strong waters, expence of except chemists, apothecaries, or druggists, ffiaH provide at his distillen, or jjgy expence such failenings to the head, furnace, door, and cocks of every hill, as shall be approved of by the inspector or fur-/ veyor of the district, where such distiller relides, and shall pay for such locks and keys, as shall be provided by the inspector or fur-for*°o! re-0'* veyor for securing the fame; and if at any time any of said rairing. fastenings or locks shall be broken or put out of order, such distiller shall pay for repairing the fame on pain of forfeiting fifty pounds.

Repealed By

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforeM, That from and after the y %a’ ‘‘ twe,ty n'ntb 'lay of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty every dif.

tiller shall, from the day he or she shall set his or her -still at work, be charged and pay excise in manner and at theiespective rates herein after mentioned for twenty eight days, and for every day longer that the head or heads of his or her still or stills shall remain unlocked, or until he or she (bail give to the collector, fnrveyor, and gauger the notice herein after directed of the day of his or her intending to flop working, and shall also Hand charged and pay excise in like manner and at the like rate, and for the like time, after every future declaration from the day of unlocking his or her ftUl or (tills.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty, every distiller, who shall not have a copper or other vessel to breiv his pot ale with, and who shall have one or more stills, shall be charged with and shall'pay excise for four charges of low wines for each still for twenty eight days after the day, on which such distiller'shall begin to distil, together with the excise of as much more pot ale, wash, low wines, Anglings, or strong waters, as he or (lie shall he found to make or distil within said (pace of twenty eight -days, and in like proportion

The nineteenth and twentieth fears of George III. 473

portion for every day, until such distiller shall give notice iii writing to the colleflot A.D. of the district and to the surveyor and gauger of the walk of the day, on which he 1779"S°-or die intends to (lop working, aitd (Trail require, that his or her (till or ftillX Slay be Chap. 12. locked.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, every distilier, who shall have otic or more (till or (tills and a copper or other vessel to brew his pot ale with, shall be charged with and shall pay excise for fix charges of low wines for each (till for twenty eight days, after such distiller shall begin to distil, together with the excise of as much more pot ale, walh, low wines, Anglings, or (hong waters, as he dr (he shall he found to make or distil within said spacC Of twenty eight days, and in like proportion for every day until stich distlller shall give notice in writing to the collector of the district, and the furCeyor aiitl gauger of the walk, of the day on which he or she intends to flop working, and shall requite, that his or her (Till or dills may be locked.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the airthority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, ofie thousand seven hundred and eighty, every distiller, who shall iiitciid to flop distilling, may after twenty eight days from the dav of his or her beginning to distil stop hv giving iiotice in writing six days before tile day, lie or (lie intends to (lop, to the culledlor of the district, and the surveyor and gauger of the walk, where such distiller resides, of his or her intention, and requeuing that his or her dill or dills may be locked on a day to be therein named; and that after the receipt of such notice by the surveyor or gauger it shall then be lawful for the surveyor or gauger to strap down and lock on the head of each dill belonging to such distiller, and to lock the door of the furnace grate, ami to secure, flop, and lock the discharge cock or pipe of each dill; and if the surveyor or gauger shall by any means be prevented or liindred from so doing by any person at such distillery, or by the distillery being locked up, and no person appearing to give him entrance, such distiller shall (land charged ami shall pay excise, as if no notice had been given of his intention to flop; and if at any time, twenty four hours after any still shall be locked, such dill, or the works in which it is set, shall be found hot, the distiller, to whom it belongs, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, except such still shall be opened on a new declaration in manner herein after mentioned.

XXIV. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty any distiller, who

474 The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George III.

A.D.

shall stop distilling for a time, and defite to set to work again, shall give four days J 779-8.0. notice to the collector of the (liftrift, and the futveyor andgaugcr of the walk, where Chap. 12. fucj, diJUsler resides, of the day on which he intends to begin to work again;

and the futveyor or gauger shall upon such notice open the locks and fastenings of the (tills of such difliller, and charge him or her with excise as before directed.

No hole in

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from oFaiiTt'liro’1 a°d after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven vdiich charg- hundred and eighty no distiller shall have any hole in the head or breast of any {till, through which the fame may be charged; wortonraf nor shall any distiller after the twenty fifth day of March one ale at one thousand seven hundred and eighty one set in any back or smaller gallons, quantity of wort or pot ale at one time than four hundred gal-penalty id. jons on pa;n Qf forfeiting the sum of ten pounds, k Sugar ha-

XXVI. And whereas sugar baiters by concealing the names create of of the persons to whom they have fold sugar water wash, and by fold'and deU- giving *nt0 t^c revenue officers fictitious names of persons and Vtreddt0d-1in P^aces ^ave been guilty of great frauds, to the prejudice of the lers, charged revenue: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and diMlers? after the twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty as often as any decceafe of sugar wash shall be made at any sugar bakers, unless the same shall be found to be sold and delivered to a licensed distiller, such sugar baker shall be charged and shall pay the duty payable on the fame by distillers and makers of low wines, spirits, aquavita, or strong wa-

ters for sale.

Walh in XX

VII. And whereas distillers, who buy sugar wash, frequently gif bakers^ put the fame in casks in sugar baker’s yards to be fermented: be taken from '* ena®et^ by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the eiftem, or twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and

forfeited!* ’ eighty all fngar wash, found in vessels at any sugar bakers twenty four hours after it shall be taken from the cittern, or not declared to the gauger, shall be forfeited together with the vef-witbkbdnn kls containing the fame; and all vessels containing a {matter oflugarwltli fluanlrty "than four hundred gallons of sugar wadi, found at any at diiiaiers. distillers, shall be forfeited together wirh the walh therein contained.

XXVIII. And whereas distillers in order to evade the law found with conceal large quantities of -spirits, low wines, Anglings, walh,

and

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 475

and pot’ale, in premisses belonging to other persons adjacent to A.D. such distillers dwelling houses and distilleries; by which means 1779'®0> such fraudulent distillers frequently escape conviction: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty persons not fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty all spirits, walh, pot ale, low wines, and Anglings, found in the pc< P'°-houses or premisses of any person not Ticensed to distil the fame, felted with except spirits for which a permit shall be produced, shall be for- the feited, and the vefleis containing the fame; and that the person (o or persons, on whose premisses the fame -shall be found, shall be on diiliiicis subject to the penalties, to which distillers are liable for conceal- C0'Ke0,"1S4 ing the same.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That w from and after the twenty fourth clay of August one thousand pot ale «m-seven hundred and eighty it shall and may lie lawful for any chiWJ Ty officer of excise, who shall find any wadi or pot ale concealed in Jil'.

- tiller, fold

any place, not being the property of nor claimed by a licensed with vesseli to

distiller, to fell the vessels containing such wash to any licensedequtuo*’

distiller together with the said wash, provided said wash shall the‘'"W.

° othermfe

fell for a sum equal to the duty chargeable thereon; otherwise spilled, such wash shall be spilled; and in case such wash shall be fold, the ;r fold, purchaser thereof shall be charged with and pay to the collector ^‘clfc'as'for of the district, where such distiller shall reside, excise for the other put of

(lock.

fame in like manner as for any other part of his or her flock together with the purchase money thereof.

XXX. Whereas the granting licences for distilling spirits to Abatement persons, who dwell in obscure places remote from the establish-

ed residence of revenue officers, hath very much encreased the #ais of 1000 expence of collecting the revenue, contributed to frauds there- pllons’ in, and much hindred the health of many of his Majesty's fnb-jedts by the corifumpfion of bad spirits, and hath been extremely injurious to the fair distiller, and to his Majesty's revenue of excise: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of 'September 011c thousand seven hundred and eighty every distiller, who shall make use of one or more Hill or ftitls, containing one thousand gallons each or upwards, shall have an allowance or abatement in the payment of his or her excise, at the rate of fix per centum for all wash diHilled in said Hill or stills; and that every distiller, who shall make 3 use of one or more still or Hills of five hundred and under one thousand gallons each, shall have an allowance or abatement in the payment of his or her excise at the rate of three per cent, for all wash distilled in said stills.

6 D 2

XXXI. Whereas

476 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

XXXI. Whereas the laws heretofore made in this kingdom

17.79-8°. relative to granting licences to persons for liberty to carry on the distilling blifiness, and to cheibitts, apothecaries, and druggists, Licences' have been found insufficient: be it enacted by the authority vo!d|°^,re aforesaid, That-from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty all licences heretofore granted to distillers, chemists, apothecaries, or druggists, d'ftaiei- shall be null and void; and that every distiller, apothecar)', che-apatiiccary, or druegift shall on or before the said twenty ninth day

chcmift, or 7 00 , , ' tir

druggist. shall of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and also takogt*!?1’ on or before the twenty ninth day of September in every subse-cence for i (iUen[ year, take out a licence for the purposes aforesaid to con-

year only, & J J 11

enter into fe- tinue and be in force for one year only, and enter into such fe-Ut«lK«to- curity, and in such manner, as by the laws heretofore made f^tVII r" they are respectively directed to do, on pain of forfeiting all stills mcnfils, fpi- and distilling utensils, spirits, low wines, or wash, and the vef-wines,°'or fcls and calks containing the fame, which shall be found in the olb an<i possession of such distiller, apothecary, chemist, or druggist, who shall not have such licence as aforesaid; all which stills and diflil-seized by ling utensils, spirits, low wines, or wash, and the vessels and any officer. cafj.s containing the fame, any officer or officers of the revenue may seize and carry’ away.

17 & 18G.

XXXII. And whereas by an act passed in the seventeenth and iciwakA33’ eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the improvement of his Majesty's revenue, and the more effectually preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made and now in force relative thereto, it is required, that with respect to the city and liberties of Dublin, and within three miles from the castle of Dublin, no collector or his clerk untler the penalty of fifty pounds do grant any licence for the purpose therein mentioned, tinless such certificate, as is therein mentioned, be deposited by the nest residing justice of the peace in person with the collector of Dublin or his clerk: and whereas the said_regulations have not answered the desired purpose: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said clause of the said act be and the fame is hereby repealed and made null and void.

LiccnccJ

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That (siMcdan*5 from an^ a^ter ^ie twenty ninth day of September one thousand bow!. Inters seven hundred and eighty all persons felling wine, spirits, malt black onIun& liquors, or cyder shall have painted on a board with letters at

fixeS-"11, least

an inch long in black on a white ground the words ii-fpicnous conced to fell wine, spirits, malt liquors, or cyder, as the case .1 may

The nineteenth dmUxvcfifieth year's of George fit qjj

rtiay be, and shall affix the fame over the door, or some other A.D. conspicuous place on the outside of his, her, or their house, and 1779-80. preserve and keep up the fame during the time, he, (lie, or they Chap. 12. shall continue to fell said' liquors or any of them, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds. prclm-cd,

XXX iV. And be it entitled by the authority aforesaid, that if rcTOlly I0'-any person shall knowingly fell dr deliver any porter, beer, ale, or spirits in any city or town corporate to any unlicensed re- P"rtcr> ^cr, tailer, such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of in'chyo?"11" five pounds: and that if any such unlicensed retailer shall difeo- conced°rct"!i- ' ver and prosecute to conviction any person, who knowingly so si supplied him or her with porter, beef, ale, or spirits, such re- protecting tailer shall be discharged from and shall not be sued or profecu-ted for any penalty by him incurred for felling without licence at any time before the commencement of such prosecution, and shall also be intitled to a moiety of such penalty of five pounds, the ji.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no Rummer person shall be intitled or have any remedy to recover any sum or sums of money on account of any porter, beet, ale, or (pirits, knowingly sold to an unlicensed retailer j and that all promisory notes, bonds, or other writings, given as a security or securities and securi-for the payment of debts contraSed for any porter,- beer,- ale, v"af've" or spirits, so sold to an unlicensed retailer; are hereby declared to be void and of none effefh

XXXVI. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. Licence to that every person, who hath obtained or shall obtain a licence for '^officer retailing beer, ale, porter, wine, spirits, or cyder, shall, when and copy required by the surveyor, gauger, or other officer of excise of the walk, where such person lives, produce and lhet#such licence, and allow said officer to take a copy thereof, or in default thereof shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

penalty 405.

Dealers in

that every person dealing in spirits, except wholesale importers, and every lhopkeeper, or other person dealing in exciseable rale im-

porters,)

goods in any city, county town, or town corporate, having shopkeeper or more than sixty three gallons of spirits in his or her custody, ctfcLbieK^d* shall be deemed a retailer of spirits to all intents and purposes, in city, and subject to all such regulations as retailers of spirits are now by law subject to 3 and that all (hops where spirits are usually >|a-mcdr<.-t.iii-exposed to sale, or kept in ahy quantity exceeding one gallon, fliops, ex-except apothecaries or druggilts (Imps, shall be deemed places for "1r’;"po0rlllc' retailing of spirits 3 and the person or persons, who shall keep drug»M«, Vol. XI. 6 E such

47? Themneteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

such (hop, shall be liable and subject to all such regulations, ai 1779-80. retailers of spirits are now by law subject to.

Chap. 12.

XXXVIII. And for the better levying the duty payable fof Q^1. licence to fell beer, ale, porter, cyder, wine, or spirits, and for r'offi«ri Prevent'nS the sale of such liquors without licence, be it en-withaconite- acted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be law-day S,land for surveyor, gauger, or other officer of excise within

demand li- their' several districts respectively with the assistance of a con-deemed «- liable in the day time to enter into the house, {hop, cellar, toilers, storehouse, or other place of any person or persons deemed by this or any other act now in force to be a seller or sellers, retailer or retailers, of any of the0 liquors aforesaid, and to demand the licence or licences for felling or retailing such liquor or liquors as such person or persons, from whom the same shall be demanded, and who shall by this or any other act now in force shall be deemed a seller or sellers, retailer or retailers, of any of the eit not pro- liquors aforesaid; and upon refusal or neglect of such retailer vj^sums pa}-" or retailers to produce such licence or licences to such officer or able on H- officers so demanding the same to levy by distress and sale of a»S felt such retailers goods such sum or sums, as are or shall be paya-a» hearth mo- fcle by such retailer or retailers upon obtaining such licence or aer‘ licences, in such manner and by such means as the revenue arising by hearth money is by law appointed to be levied and collected.

Subjecto

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that ^.nd every person licensed to fell by retail any of the liquors aforesaid, take out such or so deemed to be a retailer of any of the-liquors aforesaid, hccncc. shall be subject to the duty, and be obliged to take out a licence, for each and«very such liquors so found in his custody and possession as aforesaid.

Licence to ®e enacte^ ty the authority aforesaid, that the several

retail ale and provisions, clauses, and regulations in, this or any other former to cy*rf* act now in force in relation to licence, to be granted for the retail of ale and spirits, shall extend and be construed to extend to licences to be granted for the retail of cyder in this kingdom.

XLI. To the end that the officers of his Majesty's revenue may be the better enabled to keep a regular flock account on the from 24 A?, venders of tobacco, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that icftorofname ^rom an^ after the fold twenty fourth day of August one thousand and abode, seven hundred and eighty every importer and manufacturer of of^obTcoTr, tobacco, and every other person who shall have or hold in his, possession, or her, or their custody, power, or possession, or in the custody of 0 " or any other person or persons, any ..quantity of tobacco either of ?. his

Account in writing in 60 days

their use.

The nineteenth etriet twentieth years of Georgellt.

his, her, or their dwri property,- dr the property of any other A.D. person or persons, shall within the space of sixty days, to be 1779-K0. reckoned and computed from the said twenty fourth day of Chap. 12; A'uguft one thousand seven hundred and eighty; give and deli-\tr to the collector of excise at the excise office within the district, where such person or persons shall reside, a true account in writing of his, her, or their name or names respectively, and place or places of abode, and the true quantity of tobacco which iiieh persons shall respectively at the time of giving in such account have in his, her, or their custody, power, or possession, or in the pollession of any other person or persons for their use; which account shall also contain the outward bulks of every tl.e om-hogshead, calk, chest, or other package, in which such tbbacco ofcvtiyUpct" shall be contained, and also all and each and every of the several "H^marks,^ and respective marks, numbers, and weights, (if any,) set upon weights, and all and each and every such hogshead, calk, chest, or other Sch,*i2r«=^, package, and dist die quantity contained in each of oriooii-.ihik, them; and also the quantities in case, or loose, and the quantity "oilsfeparate-of stalk, and number of rolls, to wit, snuff, rolls, cane, or pig- nd tail, separately, with the exact weight thereof, and the parti- places where cular warehouses, storehouses, Cellars, or other places where the lame arc then lodged and lie; which account shall be signed account by such importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other person porter, he! or

as aforesaid, or one of his, her, or their known servants or Hi" aecI't,

1 with name

agents, with their several and respective names and places of ami abode, abode; and in case any such importer or manufacturer of to- fuc"i0ttr®j,i"* bacco, or other person as aforesaid, shall neglect to give in such count the for account as aforesaid at the time, and in such manner and form, ^oTpaetage as herein before directed and required, or in case such account forfeited, and shall appear to be false or fraudulent, all fudh tobacco, stalks,trtl> e u uc‘ ' snuff, or other kind or species thereof, of which ilo account or for which a fraudulent account shall knowingly be given, and the cases, cheftsj cases, or other packages containing the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue j and the person or persons fa offending shall forfeit and lose treble the value thereof to be sued for and prosecuted in manner herein after mentioned;

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the du- Efecovcrrt thority aforesaid, that if the person, in wllofe custody such to- tobacco ad* bacco, being the property of any other person or persons; shall "t‘"'din*v" be found, shall inform or be the discoverer of such fecteted or concealed tobacco, such person so informing of or discovering exempt the same shall be admitted to give evidence thereof, and shall, in from ,’e"lllr,

case

sperifying

particularly.

480 The nineteenth and twentieth year 's of George III.

A.D.

case such Information or discovery be found true, not only bi 1779-80. indemnified against and exempted from the aforesaid penalty, by Chap. 12. him inputted for so secreting or concealing the fame, but shall ^nutMed also be intitled to and shall receive the informer’s moiety of whkt tom^ron the same shall fell for.

o'n tobacco

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, coastwaya,01" that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one before dif- thotiland seven hundred and eighty every person or persons, who

pofea of or 0 ' 1

stored a ccr- shall import tobacco or receive any tobacco by coalt cocket or cdredwitii °foer certificate, shall, as often as he, she, or they shall import each quantity or so receive the said tobacco, as soon as the same shall be tlif. -'c - ' charged by the proper officer or officers, before such importer or

receiver of tobacco shall dispose of or (tore any part thereof, he, she, or they shall receive a certificate with each quantity discharged, sperifying the number of hogsheads, or other packages, in which the said tobacco is contained, and the day when the duty was paid, or the date of the coast cocket, in case such tobacco should be brought coastways, - with the importer's name, the ship or boat’s name, the number of the warrant by which the duty was paid, the marks and numbers on the hogsheads or packages, the entire weight of the said tobacco, to be written in words at length, and not in figures, without erafement or inter-Inflation, and the day of granting the said certificate, which certificate shall be signed by the port surveyor and land waiter, who discharge the fame 5 and such importer or other person so receiving said tobacco, as the case shall be, shall within three days delivered!1! after the date of the said certificate deliver the fame, and every everTother other certificate that he shall receive with any tobacco bought or «cifc office1 received by inland certificate, at the excise office of the district, wherein the person lo receiving laid tobacco shall restde, that taken°Padded a true C0Py of such certificate may be taken by such officer, act to first return that the quantity in such certificate may be added to his first re-°f flock. turn of stock.

increase in,

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, which certifi- that from after the the said twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty, if any encrease shall be found in the stock of any person lo under stock as aforesaid, for which such person shall not produce such a certificate, as shall herein after be directed and appointed, such encreased quantity shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and the person, in whose custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

signed by surveyor and land waiter,

cate not pro* duced, for* felted, and trebla value.

The nineteenth And twentieth years of George III. q8i

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A.D. that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one 1779-80: thousand seven hundred sind eighty every officer inspecting the Chap. 1 i, flock of tobacco of any person, so under flock as aforesaid, shall, after he enters an account of the fame in his book and receives f°fn a declaration of the fame, give a true and fair copy of his said «i by the of-entry to such perfori, who shall shew the flock and give a de* claration thereof; which copy Without alteration or erase- i"s s<*k and ment shall be figried by such officer j and bn any difference ’ arising between such person so under flock and such officer on account of any charge of encrease in flock such copy formation for may be produced by such person so under flock on any of trial upon any information, which may be brought against such person for any such encrease of flock, and shall be received as evidence thereon.

kxcile oili"

XLVI. And for the more effectual preventing tile sale of to- ccr may by bacco clandestinely imported into this kingdom be it further ^l^cauat enacted by the authority aforesaid,- that from and after the said f0fu*'Jtacc" twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ’ eighty it shall and may be lawful to and for any surveyor,-ganger, or other officer of excise duly appointed, to enter in the day time the houses, stores, lhcfps; cellars, and all other place's of or belonging to any person buying, manufacturing, felling, iloring; or keeping in his, her, or their custo'dy or posseflkm any quantity of tobacco, and front time to time to take an account of the tobacco found therein; arid if any such person or persons so buying, felling, manufacturing; or otherwise stor- «" ak-ing or keeping in his, her, or their custody or possession any ’

quantity of tobacco as aforesaid, shall refuse or hinder such officer or officers, his or their assistant or assistants, t® enter into «fc) bi kpl any of his or their laid houses, stores, Ihops, cellars, or other we;ght8" or to places; or, having permitted them to enter, shall afterwards refuse '

or prevent them from taking an account from time to time of all »ndquantitic« tobacco there found, or IKall refuse to shew and weigh the fame of eacl,ki"d' or any part thereof, except tobacco in case, or to fumish legal tales and weights for the purpose of weighing the fame, or refuse to shew and declare the quantity of his; her, or their separate flocks of tobacco loose or in package, or number of rolls of cane, and pigtail, or snuff, roll, or quantity of stalk tobacco, ptmit, or tobacco in case,- particularly expressing the quantities of each ,001-kind, such person shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. Certificate

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, delivered witfi that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one bfrt-thousand seven hundred and eighty every importer of tobacco cify;"coul-Vol. XI. 6 F shall

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

shall on the delivery thereof, or of any part thereof, to any per-*779-80. son whatsoever, deliver therewith a certificate specifying the out-Chap. 12. ward bulks, marks, and numbers, net weight, when the duty toardhSv* vvas paid, with the name or names of the ship or ships in which fcarks, &c. the fame was imported, as also the person or persons, and his or their place or places of abode, to whom the fame was fold and fci«fBwpar* delivered 5 which certificate shall be signed by such importer, or for forruhom f°me other person in his or her name, for whom he or she shall ts pan i e, resp0nfible; and if any tobacco shall be found in the posses-byPperro"i flon or custody of any person conveying the fame from any one place to another, unless such person so conveying the fame, or officer, who shall have the care and carriage thereof, shall actually pro-

who OR fuijucion of betn|* counterfeit may detain the tobacco,'

if counterfeit, forfeited.

duce such certificate as aforesaid, or such other certificate as in such case shall herein after be directed, on demand thereof by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, or if such officer shall upon examination of such certificate have reason to suspect the same to be counterfeit, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said officer to detain the said tobacco l and if it shall afterwards appear, that such certificate was actually counterfeit, all the tobacco under cover of the said certificate shall be forfeited.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tifirates or" that if froni and after the said twenty fourth day of August one more deliver t^ou^an^ ^even hundred and eighty it shall appear by the respected thm a de- tive certificates, so given by any person felling or delivering tobac-crt.'fem^ock CQ otjiei. sufficient proof, that such person shall have de-Ff/'utT livered more tobacco, than a decrease shall appear for in the flock ’ of such person’s tobacco, such person shall forfeit at the rate of two shillings per pound, for every pound it shall be proved he or she shall have so delivered, for which there shall not be a propor-notabov? tionable decrease in his or her stock of tobacco, making a rea-

jolb. every toolb. as increase by ma-nufaflure on roll,

certificates evidence on trial of the

livered.

No wholesale importer shall (ell or deliver but in the package, except as herein,

norunder l package.

sonable allowance, not exceeding thirty pounds weight for every hundred pounds weight, as an increase by manufacture on all roll tobacco fold or delivered j and also that the respective certificates so given as aforesaid shall be admitted as evidence on any trial thereafter to be had, that the person or persons, in whole name or names the said certificates were given, had delivered the quantity of tobacco therein expressed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven. hundred and eighty no wholesale importer of tobacco shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer or other person, but in the package wherein the fame was imports! (except as is herein after excepted) nor less than one hogshead,

officer oh

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 483

or package at any time, and in such manner and form as the A.D. fime was or shall have been discharged at the custom house, 1779-80 under the penalty of ten pounds for every such offence. , Chap. 12.

L. Provided always, that if it shall happen, that such tobacco shall receive any damage after having been discharged by the proper officer, whereby it shall be absolutely necessary to unpack ioi. and alter the package thereof, that then and in such case the cdlfttrdt" importer, or other person (in whole custody such tobacco lb c.har«'> n°-.

1 < a tice to officer

damaged mail remain, after the lame hath been discharged at the uf intcmioa custom house) shall within twelve hours, before he or she shall *°aJcPpara,c unpack any part of the said tobacco,-give notice in writing to uhoimbfr-tlte surveyor, gauger, or other officer of the walk, or cause the or ’ fame to be left at the usual place of residence of such officer, signifying his or her intention to unpack the said tobacco, and to separate the damaged from the found tobacco, or to cure this fame, and that thereupon such officer do and shall upon pain of being dismissed from his employment for any neglect in so pun^ar-doing attend at the hour or time and place appointed for the unpacking the said tobacco, such hour to be between the hours of and place ap-ten o’clock in the forenoon and of three o’clock in the after-Kem 10 noon; and that the importer or other person, in whose custody such tobacco shall then remain, or to whom the same shall be-, the neceiHty long, shall make oath, that he or she verily believes, it is necessary for the curing of the tobacco so damaged, and for the preserva- hofc custo' tion of the remainder thereof, to unpack the fame, (which oath >’orwn'r the said officer is hereby impowered to administer) and upon said person’s making such oath as aforesaid the said officer shall com-pare the package or packages to be unpacked with the aforesaid with catifi-certificate thereof in such persons possession; and if the said 1 ’ packages agree with the said certificate, that then the said officers shall attend the unpacking them, and after the same shall be un- M")"^fcwr. packed, and the damaged tobacco fevered from the found tobacco, d immedt- , the found part shall be in the presence of such officer immediately weighed and repacked in dose packages, calk or bag, not left weighed and than four hundred and twenty five pounds weight each, if the cbfcfnot enfi® quantity so to be repacked shall amount to so much, and 4ijtb. the same shall not be again unpacked but on the like necelfity, not un-or for manufacturing the fame, as. is or shall be herein after onCHkcne«r directed: and that if such damaged tobacco be intended to bc.%or.m:lnu cured, that then and in such case the same shall be weighed every if to 1* second day until repacked in manner aforesaid, provided the en-tire quantity shall amount to four hundred and twenty five comidap, ’till pounds weight, and if under that weight the same shall be ,cpM

packed

4§4 the nineteenth and twentieth years of George ID.

A.D.

packed in one separate pack or cask; and such importer of thi *779-80. said tobacco, or person in whose custody the same shall remain, Chap. 12. shall on demand of such officer as aforesaid weigh or causeto )£££* be weighed, and pack or cause to be packed, the said tobacco in HtydBn" Jhatinfr aforesaid> and shall not unpack in any one day more of bm be re- the said tobacco, than can be repacked oil the fame day j and that Sc r'me°," °®cer shall put such mark and number On the package so

marked and repacked, as he shall think fit for distinguishing the fame, by officer,1^ T which marks and number the same shall be fold, andeerniied for eerdfiedfor ^7 such importer, or other person in whose custody the said thereby, tobacco shall remain , and that the said officer shall on such per* ehcertifi- ^ons certificate of his flock endorse or enter the alteration of cate of (took, package, and particularly describe the fame, with the new marks entered, 0,1 0nd numbers imposed thereon, and shall enter the alterations so deferihed ma<k i® the fekl officer’s book in the presence of such importer, with the new or such other person in whose custody the said tobacco shall then Miwn’pr' be, or of such person who shall attend on behalf of them, or fence. either of them.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that adthout iu* from and after the said twenty fourth day of August every per-eence 10L foq not being a wholesale importer of tobacco, who shall fell tobacco on his or her own account or on commission, and every person retailing or manufacturing tobacco or snuff without a licence for so doing from the colkftor of excise of the panted by district, where he or she shall reside, and which the said collector eotie&or is hereby impowered to grant, shall forfeit the sum of ten torifwho8 pounds; which licence the said eolleflor shall without fee or re-ppiy. ward deliver on demand to all and every person and persons, who shall apply for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Setting un^ froni and after the said twenty fourth day of August any person or ‘ persons, who shall sell or expose to sale any quantity of tobacco under four hundred and twenty five pounds in weight, shall be ifibove deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers thereof; and that s«lk. of'to- every person, not being a wholesale importer of tobacco or under fouff foundf l*cence> *n whose custody there shall be found more than fifty (unitfa six pounds weight of tobacco, or twenty eight pounds weight of poitero'un-" snuff, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such offence, forfeited'and together with such tobacco or snuff so found in his or her custody i jl. ’ which tobacco or snuff may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

Keeping

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority {jaeco wider that any person or persons, who shall keep in his, her,

or

The nineteenth and twentieth y edri of George III.' 48 <}

br their posseflion at any one time a less quantity of tobacco A.D.

than fifty six pounds, or of snuff than twenty eight pounds, for 1779"®°*

fate, shall have and keep at or on his or her door or window* or Chap. ti.

other conspicuous place of the house or Ihop, wherein the fame fnu(f

shall be fold, and fronting the street, road, or other publick pat

sage, the words tobacco or snuff, as the case shall be, painted wonUconfpi.

on a board of twelve inches square, the letters of the said words SX*1"*

to be each one inch in length at leafs, and painted of a black

colodr on a white ground also* when required by any officer of the revenue j and that every such person or persons as aforesaid amJ fdj

may fell such tobacco or snuff without any licence for that pur- without u-

j / cci^cc or

pose previously had or obtained, and without being subject to irilty* any penalty or forfeiture for felling the fame without, such licence: provided such person or persons so felling such quantity of snuff or tobacco as aforesaid shall obtain from the person, from whom certificate, lie, ihe, or they shall have received said tobacco, such certificate as the manufacturer or retailer is hereafter obliged to furnish j which certificate such person, so felling said quantity Of tobacco or snuff, shall produce to any officer of the revenue when required;

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, BuyMgor that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August' every person not being an importer or retailer of tobacco* who shall buy of store tobacco for himself or any other person, as ofteft rate obtained as he or she shall receive any parcel or quantity of tobacco* shall obtain therewith a certificate from the person, from whom he or on officer* (lie shall have bought or received the fame which certificate shall a,a true jc-contain the persons names, who fold or delivered the fame* and the name of the person to whom such tobacco was last fold and »d delivered, together with the marks and numbers of the outward "omw <,* bulks and particular net weight, and the date of the certificate, which the feller received with the fame either from the surveyor or land waiter who discharged such tobacco as aforesaid* or from the person from whom he purchased the fame* and if the said quantity or parcel of tobacco shall have been last purchased or received from an importer, that then and in such case the time when the duty was paid, as also the ship’s name in which the fame was imported, together with the numbers of the Collector’s warrants for the payment of the duty* shall be inferred in such certificate; and the person, who so last received the fame tobacco,

(lull on the next visit made by any officer of excise after such persons having received the fame, upon demand of such officer give a true account of all the tobacco so by such person received, and from whom the same was received, and shall produce the Vol. XI. 6 G certificate

486

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George ID.

A.D.

certificate or certificates, which he or she had fb received therewith 1779-80. as aforesaid; and for every such omission or neglect the person Chap. 12. so offending shall forfeit the sura of five pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Ail ftocfc evei7 such person, not being an importer or retailer of tobac-then on hand co, and buying or storing tobacco for himself, or any other per-f°n as aforesaid, shall at the request of any officer of exciseas dared, aforesaid shew or cause to be shewn to him the fad tobacco;

if airy in certificate received there.

and any and all other tobacco that he or she may then have on hand, and declare that what he or she shall then shew or cause to be shewn is all the flock of tobacco, which he or she shall then have; and if such person shall have fold and delivered the whole or any part of the tobacco mentioned in the certificate, wtUdld, k which he or she received therewith as aforesaid, and shall not Sndorfed on have brought the same to his or her house, cellar, or store, then anTtowhom anc* 'n &ch case such person shall in his or her own band numbers and writing, or by the hand of his or her clerk, for whom such net weight, pgrfon shall be responsible, endorse on such certificate the quantity so fold or delivered, and to whom, as also the numbers and net weight of the parcel so fold or delivered, that such person may not receive credit in his or her flock on hand for more, than he or she shall actually bring to his or her house, cellar, or store, certificate and shall then deliver the said certificate to the officer of excise, office"who who foaft Slve foe said person a true and fair copy thereof sign-shall sign and e(j by him without alteration or erafement j and as often as any ' on visiting officer of the revenue shall visit such person’s house or stores, such ohdeiherrf4 Person at the request of such officer, shall declare, whether any since M in- and what part of said flock of tobacco was fold or delivered frnce cUre<Tde' the last inspection thereof by the revenue officer , and in that case out of what such person shall declare to the said officer, out of what parcel the

parcel, num- r

ber, and to fame was taken, together with the numbers thereof, and to whom whand’pro- delivered, and shall produce to the said officer the copy of the duce raid co- certificate for such parcel, in order that the quantity so delivered be indorsed!y may be indorsed thereon, or in default or refusal thereof shall penalty, yl. forfeit the sum of five pounds.

Certificate

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Syrfthe every soso person, not being an importer or retailer of tobacco, <dCf d'fV' 'an<* buyfog or storing tobacco for himself or for any other pattlSly"8 person as aforesaid, shall upon delivery of any of his or her flock of tobacco to any person whatsoever at the same time give therewith a certificate signed by him or her, or some person for whom he or she shall be responsible, which certificate shall contain the name of the person, to whom and by whom delivered,

and

The nineteenth and twentieth 'years of George III. 487

and shall specify the package, marks, and numbers, net weight, A.D. and out of what parcel of flock the fame was taken, and also 1779-80. the dates of the certificates by which the fame was received, and Chap. 12. the numbers of the packages, and the quantity of tobacco ori-finally mentioned in such certificates; and that such person shall not unpack his or her flock of tobacco, or any part thereof, in or- notunpack-der to store the fame loose, or in other different packages, but shall keep, fell, or dispose of such tobacco, in the fame packages, fold fame in which such persons shall have received the fame, save and ex- ^s,e" cept in case of such tobacco being damaged as herein before men- «pt damag-tioned; and every person offending herein shall for every such c ’penalty, 51. offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LVII. And be it further entitled by the authority aforesaid, Frames^ K that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one prerCI-vcd for thousand seven hundred and eighty every manufacturer of to- J,ajj"sc'schac* bacco and snuff shall within the (pace of sixty one days, to commence from the said twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty, make, erett, preserve, and keep, or «d con-cause to be made, erected, preserved, and kept, a frame or f°.rn_

frames, box or boxes, close boarded or raised, of such dimenfi- f|^a and take ons as shall belt suit such manufacturer’s convenience, for the dimfion’* purpose of laying his or her tobacco in case therein, and shall place or fix the fame in a convenient manner, so that any officer or officer’s of excise may at all times easily inspect such frame or frames, box or boxes, and take the dimensions thereof; and such manufacturers, so often as they shall lay any tobacco in case, shall lay the fame in case in such frame or frames, box or boxes, as aforesaid or in default thereof every person so offending p"laIt)r’5*' shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Retailer that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one £^1"Lv-thousand seven hundred and eighty every manufacturer and re-tailer of tobacco and snuff shall with every parcel of tobacco, cate,«.«ain-that he or she shall bring or receive intp his or her house, cellar, SI store, or other place, obtain therewith a certificate from the person, from whom he or she shall have received such tobacco, which certificate shall contain the person’s name, who last fold or delivered the fame, and the name of the person to whom such tobacco was last fold and delivered, together with the marks and numbers of the outward bulks and particular net weight, and the date of the certificate which the feller received with the fame; and if the said quantity or parcel of tobacco shall have been last purchased or received from an importer, then and in such case

said

488 The nineteenth uni twentieth years of George Ik

A.D.

said certificate shall contain the time, when the duty thereof was 1779‘-8o. paid, and also the ship’s name in which the fame was imported* Chap. 12. together with the number of the collector’s warrant or warrants ' for the payment of the duty thereof j and such manufacturer or produced retailer on the next visit, made by the officer after his or her re-n«triot*' caving the fame, shall upon demand of such officer give a full andtru', and true account of all the tobacco so by such manufacturer or

account of ail 4

tobacco «- retailer received, and from whom the fame was received, and from whom* shall produce the certificate or certificates, which he or she had received therewith from the person, from whom he or she received such tobacco as aforesaid; and for every such omission or neglect penalty, 5I1 the person (b offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds* and such manufacturer or retailer shall not on any pretence what-to alter pt soever alter or deface the marks, number, or weight in said cer-nSmbtof ’ fixate, °F on the said outward bulks containing the said tobacco, weight, 51. under the penalty of five pounds for every such offence: and that if such manufacturer or retailer, so receiving any such parcel of tobacco as aforesaid, shall fell or deliver the fame, or any part if >ny. Ibid.

thereof, to any person or persons whatsoever, and shall not bring the whole to his or her house, cellar, store, or other place, he or she shall with his or her own hand, or by the hand of fomeperson for whom he or she shall be responsible, endorse on the said not credit- certificate the quantity so fold or delivered, that such manufac-than" a°" tQrer or reta'^er may not receive credit in his or her dock on brought)131 hand for more tobacco, than he or (lie shall have actually brought to his or her house, cellar, or stock 5 and such officer shall take certificate the said certificate into his custody, and give a fair copy thereof ficer^and fair without alteration or erafement, signed by him, tofuchmanu* copy given, facturer or retailer.

Certificate

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that given with from and after the time aforesaid every such manufacturer or foU,manufac- retailer of tobacco shall with every quantity of manufactured tured or not, or unmanufactured tobacco, and every quantity of snuff, he or she shall fell or deliver, ^exceeding four pound weight, give a sertificate therewith; which certificate shall contain the name of the person, to whom said tobacco and snuff shall be fold and delivered, with the quantity, quality, and species thereof, whether manufactured or unmanufactured, snuff, roll, cane or pigtail, cut or (talk tobacco, and the name of the person who delivered the fame and the person who shall receive such tobacco or snuff t prgducedni from the said manufacturer or retailer, shall, on demand made copy given, by any officer of the revenue, produce the certificate received therewith, which such officer shall take into his custody, and

give

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 485)

give a fair copy thereof without alteration or erafement, signed A.D. by him, to the person so receiving the said tobacco or snuff 1779-80; as aforesaid. Chap. 12.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one jj^«* " f thousand seven hundred and eighty no such manufacturer or fere,t paik-retailer shall unpack any part of his or her flock of unmanufactured tobacco in order to store the fame in any other or immediate different package, or loose, or for any purpose other than for or <&, immediate manufacture, or delivery on sale, except in case of damage in manner herein mentioned; nor shall such retailer or m da' manufacturer, or any person on his or her behalf, unpack any tobacco for manufacture without first acquainting the surveyor or other officer of excise therewith by notice in writing to be nor without left at the house or usual place of residence of such officer the day "^g^oofficef before he or she shall unpack the fame; and on the said survey- bc" or’s or other officer’s visit such manufacturer or retailer, or on officer* some person on his or her behalf, shall flievv such officer, out of what cask or pack of tobacco in his or her flock he or flie to be taken intends to take the fame; and as soon as such tobacco shall be unpacked, and the bands thereof unbound, and the whole shall be in loose leaf, such manufacturer, or some person on his or when milter behalf, shall weigh the fame in the presence of the said offi- in cer, and specify the quantity of such tobacco to be put in case, ®®"r>s *«-and the quantity for cane, pigtail, and cut; said different par- ‘'quantities eels to bc weighed separately before any part thereof shall be wet or put in case, or shall be stripped from the stalk or spun, or parcels in default thereof such manufacturer shall forfeit the sum of five ^Swe pounds for every such offence; and it shall not be lawful for c,irc<1' Inch manufacturer or retailer to take any tobacco for the pur- penalty,;!. poses aforesaid, or any of them, out of any caflc or pack, other out of'pickT than the calk or pack so shewn and declared as aforesaid, nor to n,e"'ni take more tobacco thereout than what he or flie shall so wet, than so w«, put in case, or manufacture as aforesaid, under the like penalty of five pounds, to be also forfeited by such manufacturer or «i, retailer as aforesaid for evcij such offence, p«a'tj. ff-

LXl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, caf«iby that all tobacco so to bc put "in case as aforesaid shall be put 'lay, in 3 therein in the day time, within the space of three days after the Sd'putm' fame shall bc unpacked, and shall be put therein in such frame or frames box or boxes as aforesaid in the presence of said of- prefcmc, im-ficer immediately after weighing the fame, and the said tobacco shall bc laid level and packed clofc in such box or boxes, frame a"d Vol. XI. ’ 6 H or C °f"

490 'The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

or frames 5 and after the same shall be so done, the officer shall 1779-80. enter in his book the depth of the tobacco so put in case; and Chap. 12. such manufacturer or retailer shall not upon any pretence what-ever add any more thereto, or take out and repack the fame *nte't add d or any Part tfiere°f> except in the presence of the said officer, to, or taken who shall take an account thereof in manner aforesaid; and "* such manufacturer or retailer shall on each and every of his wptinoffi- or her packages or rolls of tobacco, both in and out of press, kneef affix to and keep, as long as the same shall remain in his or her fixed to each custody, a ticket in view, whereon shall be legibly written in roll, and words in length on the outside of such ticket the number of with number’ pounds contained in such package or roll; and such manufac-fengSTo*31 turer or retailer shall shew to the aforesaid officer or officers of outide, excise on demand all his or her stock of tobacco, and every the (hwifonde- frames, boxes, or presses used by him or her in manufacturing Mdprefli19 ^ame’an<* the said officer or officers with sufficienr

light fur- fight in all the cellars and other places of such manufacturer or ®"»ny part retailer where the fame may be required, and shall upon like weighed, ex- request or demand weigh any part or parcel of his or her stock 'ftVck"1' of tobacco, except the tobacco in case, and shall declare the shewn declar- cf tobacco so shewn to be the entire stock then on hand

«d the entire,

penalty, 51. of such manufacturer or retailer, under the penalty of five pounds to be forfeited by him or her for every such neglect or refusal.

increase of

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nufacture Ti-" that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one lowed (ex- thousand seven hundred and eighty every such manufacturer of

«rcpt cane) o j j

tobacco shall, upon every computation to be made between unmanufactured leaf tobacco and maufactured roll tobacco of any kind, except cane tobacco, be allowed a reasonable encrease not above of weight in manufacture, not exceeding thirty pounds weight toSk""7 for every hundred weight; and every importer, factor, manuiac-loose no- turer, retailer, or other person who shall have any quantity of

manufactur- . 4

<d, or in looie unmanufactured tobacco, or tobacco in small package on t^efin t* hand, shall within one month after the said twenty fourth day month after of August pack up all such tobacqo in calks or bags, containing packed^in at least four hundred and twenty five pounds weight each; and cadi*425 ifl- if such quantity of tobacco shall not amount to such weight, then such quantity shall be packed in a calk or bag, and the revenue officer shall on his first visit next after the expiration of the said marked month ma>'k and number such packages with such marks ami and num- numbers, whereby he shall think proper to describe the fame,

visit. "eW with such marks and numbers the same shall be delivered without

5

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 491

out being unpacked or altered, if not opened by a manufacturer A.D. or retailer in manner aforesaid, for the purpose of lale orma- 1779-80. nufacturing the fame, or in case of damage as aforesaid. Chap. 12.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, aditcded that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty if any importer, factor, ma- pole afore-nufacturer, retailer, or other person buying, felling, storing, or & re. manufacturing tobacco, shall by him or herself, or any person '"c^oclli employed by him or her, make a fictitious or false return of his tion, 39l. or her stock of tobacco, or make a false declaration thereof, such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

LXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said twenty fourth day of August that all tobacco in packages, containing less than four hundred and twenty five pounds each, which shall be legally condemned upon seizure, shall be opened and packed in packages containing not left than four hundred and twenty five pounds each, which said packs or packages shall be marked with such mark, as the commissioners of fubcommissioners of excise shall direct and appoint, progref-lively beginning with No. 1: And as it may happen, that different ieizures of small quantities of tobacco may be made by different officers, that then and in such case such seizures shall be weighed l'eparately, and /afterwards packed together in packages of four hundred and twenty five pounds each, in manner afore-

Package* upder42£ lb. legally condemned, opened and packed not under 425!

each, and marked*

different seizures in small quantities weighed fepamte, packed in 4251b. each*

said, and the same shall be sold by publick cant, in like manner foU , as tobacco condemned on seizures have been usually fold, and the urua,> seizing officers of such small parcels so packed together, shall be o(ficcK paid lcvcrally and respectively in proportion to the quantities w0' seized by them respectively: and every person, who shall buy such buyer on

tobacco, or any part thereof, at any such sale or sales as aforesaid, shall, before such person shall take the fame into his or her «nitic«c custody, receive a certificate for the fame from the register of fei- U'‘ zures or surveyor of the stores, or other proper officers, who shall grant the iiime on demand without fee or reward, which

certificate shall contain the marks and numbers, net weight, with the buyer’s name, and the day on which the said tobacco shall be fold; which certificate and tobacco shall be fub cct and liable subjecto to such regulations and provisions as in cases of tobacco bought "*

hum an importer, factor, or other person dealing therein as aforesaid. or dealer.

LXV. And to prevent unnecessary delays being given to the . WoV-hcd officers in the execution of their duty in and about the several pmekofdif-

matters

4$>2 - The nineteenth and twentieth years 6f George III.

A.D.

matters aforesaid, it is hereby directed, that all tobacco, that shall 1779-80. be.weighed upon the officers demand as aforesaid, except tobacco Chap. 12. in case as aforesaid, shall be weighed in separate parcels each of a distinct or separate species or denomination, containing not 4251b. each jess than four hundred and twenty five pounds in each draught; ' ail’abnw anil that all packages of tobacco exceeding that weight shall be SJngfd" weighed without breaking or dividing the fame; and every per-fcafopCd ^on or persons, in whose possession such tobacco shall be found, weights fur- shall furnish proper scales and weights; and if such person or "'tf untrue, Persons shall in weighing his, her, or their stock use or cause or infuffi- to be used any untrue orinsufficient scales or weight, every such fcited with person shall for every such offence forfeit such scales and weights Io1- together with the sum of ten pounds.

To forge,

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t" certifi- that if any person or persons whatsoever shall at any time from <att’|rocure and after the said twenty fourth day of August falsely make,

or assist, utter . 1 . J 0 , J 1

or pubiiih as forge, counterfeit, erase, or alter, or procure to be raliety made, uuc* , forged, counterfeited, erased, or altered, or knowingly actor assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting, erasing or al-fmed not tering any certificate or certificates herein before mentioned,or shall above too!, knowingly utter or publish as true any false, forged, counterfeited, or im« erased, or altered certificate or certificates as aforesaid, such person above 6d or Persons> being thereof lawfully convicted according to the due Ri°nthi. course of law shall be fined or imprisoned at the discretion of the judge, before whom such person shall be tried; provided that such fine shall not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, and that such imprisonment shall not exceed the term of six months. Persons,

LXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority forged,"pro" aforesaid, that in case the person or persons, whose name or fecuting to names shall have been forged or counterfeited to any such cer-th" uAkco tificate or certificates, shall prosecute to conviction the person or not brought' Persons fah®ty making, forging, counterfeiting, erasing, or at a charge, altering, or aiding or assisting therein, or uttering or publiftiing any such certificate or certificates as aforesaid, the tobacco mentioned in such forged certificate shall not be brought as a charge against the person or persons, whose name or names shall have been forged or counterfeited thereto, and who shall so prosecute as aforesaid.

LXVIII. Whereas several frauds have been committed in thetrad: boners any" ®nd employment of making playing cards, whereby not only tfe gram li- payment of the duties, to which playing cards are subject, is evad-make cards, ed, but the fair trader materially prejudiced: for remedy where-s'years^"12 he *t enacte<i by the authority aforesaid, that from and after! the twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred

anl

The nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III. 493

and eighty it shall and may be lawful to and for the chief com- A.D. missioners of his Majesty's revenue* or any three of them, to 1779-80, issue and grant a licence or licences to such person or persons, as Chap. ia< they shall think proper, for the making of playing, blank, and ' message cards for any term not exceeding three years from the time of granting such licence or licences 5 and if any person or thade persons shall after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty exercise or carry on the trade or employ- tf‘ittd ment of making any playing, blank, or message cards, without and 1001. such licence or licences first had and obtained, the person or persons so offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all such cards, aftd all such materials and implements used in the making of cards, as shall be found in his, her, or their possession; all which officer, and cards, materials, and implements shall and may be seized, carried away, and lodged in the next excise office by such revenue of- office, ficer or officers, as shall discover and find the same.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 3 commis-that from and after the first day of August one thousand seven bS/mI-hundred and eighty it shall and may be lawful to and for the Jj" chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of mmet may them, in the port and district of Dublin, and to and for the *"{^,c"c"8n* collectors of the ports of Cork and Limerick respectively, from *pp|r!n* for

1 J licence with

time to time to take recognizances from the person or persons foreties in applying for such licence or licences with one or more sufficient surety or sureties in the sum of two hundred pounds) the con- PaLdutj" dition of such recognizances shall be, that the parties so licensed, time, their executors or administrators, shall answer and pay to his Majesty all such duties, as such person or persons.shall be liable to on account of making any playing, blank, or message cards during the time such person or persons shall carry on the business of a cardmaker under such licence.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the bn non-authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for y "J "*n the said chief commissioners, or any three of them, upon default «ai®n io). made in the payment of any such duty or duties, as such person toked'on no or persons so licensed as aforesaid shall or may be liable to, or upon *'0c'^on. conviction before the commissioners or fubcommissioners of ex- ctr, rife, for any fraud or offence, the penalty or forfeiture for which shall amount to ten pounds, from time to time during the term for which such licence or licences shall have been granted by notice or instrument in writing subscribed by them, or any three of them, to revoke, withdraw, and utterly make void any such

V01. XL 6 I licence

494

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1icence or licences by them granted to such person or persons (o 1779-80. making default or convicted as aforesaid; and if such person Chap. 12. or persons after such revocation shall continue to exercise the v"QO"' trade or carry on the business of card making, he, flie, or they continued, , shall be subject to such penalties and forfeitures, as if such no licence or licences had never been granted to them respectively.

ErCard-

LXXI. And whereas great frauds are now pratfifed by card-makert, &c. makers concealing their flock of cards on hand from the view questftew' £he officers appointed to search and take an account thereof, onhand and an^ by conveying or disposing of large quantities of cards with-all materials, out any stamp thereon, and without entry or payment of duties: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that penalty.iol. from an(y after t]ie day of August one thousand seven 5l.cn fore- hundred eighty every cardmaker, who shall make any cards, his Tmonth’»or foreman, head servant, or the person employed to attend the said imprison- business, from time to time, and as often as such cardmaker

shall be required by the officer or officers appointed to view and take an account of the fame, shall shew to such officer or officers all the flock then on hand of cards, and all the materials for making the same belonging to such cardmaker or card-makers, under the penalty of ten pounds in case of refusal to be forfeited by such cardmaker and cardmakers, and of five pounds to he forfeited by the foreman, head servant, or other person employed so refusing as aforesaid; and that in default of payment of said sum of five pounds such foreman, head servant, or other person so employed, shall suffer one month’s imprisonment; and Mnhand that in case such officer or officers shall afterwards find any found over cards-or materials for making cards of the flock then on hand fciied, over anj aj,ove the quantity so shewn as aforesaid, such cards and 10l. and materials shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful dozenpacki, for soso °®cer or officers to seize and carry the fame away; and and iheeti. such cardmaker or cardmakers shall respectively forfeit a sum at the rate of twenty pounds for every twelve dozen packs of cards, and a sum at the rate of twenty pounds for every twelve dozen sheets of paper materials for cardmaking, which shall be so found over and above the quantity that shall have been shewn as aforesaid,

3 commit-

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-dit^officen said, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com-count of C" m>ffi°ners fof foe time being, or any three of them, to direct ftoct found, and appoint such officer or officers of excise, as they shall think proper, to keep an account of all cardstand materials for making cards, which shall from time to time be found by him or them

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

in the hands or possession of any cardmaker or cardmakers; and upon any decrease or deficiency of such flock of cards and materials, not properly accounted for, to charge such cardmaker or cardmakers with all duties payable for such cards not accounted for, and also with the amount of the duties on so many cards as might be made from or with such materials not accounted for as aforesaid 5 the said duties to be paid by such card-maker or cardmakers, upon oath made by such officer or officers as aforesaid before the collectors of the ports of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick respectively, ascertaining the quantity so deficient and brought to charge (which oath the said collectors are hereby respectively impowered to administer.)

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any such collector or stamp master of cards, after proof made of such deficiency as aforesaid, shall allow any entry to be made by or shall stamp any cards of or belonging to such cardmaker or cardmakers, before he, she, or they shall have an-fivered or paid all charges made on account of such decrease or deficiency, that then and in every such case the said collector or (lamp master shall respectively forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be feed for, recovered, and applied in such manner as herein after is mentioned, any thing herein or in any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty as often as any cardmaker or card-makers shall make up cards intended for exportation, he, she, or they shall, within one hour after the same are made up, give notice thereof to the stamp master of the place, where such cards shall be made up, and shall in the presence of the said stamp mailer deposite such cards in feme of his Majesty's storehouses at the place, where such cards shall be made up; the said cards there to remain until a certificate from the collector of the port M be produced to the said stamp master; which certificate shall express or import, that all the legal requisites relative to such cards have been performed.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,-that if such cardmaker or cardmakers, shall at any time remove such cards so deposited as aforesaid, or shall suffer the same to be removed, without the permission of the store keeper or surveyoi of his Majesty's stores first had and obtained, he, file, or they shall thereby forfeit a sum of fifty pounds.

and on decrease* not accounted for to charge duties, ami an so many as might be made from such mate-rials,!

paid on officer’s oath before colle&ora of said ports, ascertaining said deficien-, cy.

Collector or Damp mader, allowing entry or Damping before payment on such decrease forfeit aol.

Notice in 1 hour after cards made up for export to the Damp-mnilcr, and deposited in K’s (lores, til) collector’s certificate.

Removing cards so deposited without permjfli-on, 50l.

The nineteenth and twentieth years oj George III.

A.D.

LXXVL. And whereas cardmakers in order to evade the pays-r779-80. ment of the duties, to which playing cards are subject, do keep Chap. 12. {hem without stamps, under pretence that they are intended for exportation, and afterwards fell them though not marked or damped as by law required: for remedy whereof be it enacted ’ ' by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of

August one thousand seven hundred and eighty if any pack or packs of playing cards shall be found in the house, (hop, room, or place of any cardmaker, ihopkeeper, or retailer of cards, without being marked, sealed, or damped, as by law is required, the same shall be adjudged forfeited, and may be seized and car. ried away by any officer of his Majesty's revenue j and the card-and 4o! to ma^er> shopkeeper, or retailer of cards, in whose possession such the king and pack or packs of cards shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of *0 ai‘ twenty pounds, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the seizing officer, to be sued. for and applied as herein after is directed.

LXXVII. And whereas cardmakers, shopkeepers, and retail-par«u;n'PCi ers of cards in order to evade the law keep one or more card 'ofcdwfaie or cards from and out of each pack, and then alledge, that they or in (hops, are waste cards, and not within the description and penalties of whd'pack, the several acts relative to packs of playing cards: for remedy rnt?-rftai,'r w^ere°f be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that penalties from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty every unstamped parcel of painted, spotted, or playing cards, indofed in paper covers, which shall be expoledto sale by or found in the (hop of any shopkeeper or retailer of cards, shall to all intents and purposes be construed and taken to be a whole pack of playing cards within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall subject such shopkeeper and retailer of cards to all the several penalties and forfeitures inflicted and imposed by this or any other law whatsoever for felling, exposing to sale, or keeping painted, spotted, or playing cards, not sealed, stamped, or marked, or made up, pursuant to this or any of the laws nowin force in this kingdom.

{ ,

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-ture by this said, that in all cases where a forfeiture of painted, fputted, or law-officer Paying cai’^s» or utensils or materials for making cards, shall may f«fe and be incurred by virtue of this or any former law, it shall and may exefre office' he lawful to and for the officer or officers of his Majesty's reve-btailawPOfCl1 nUe’ w ^ete^ ^le fraufi or offence, for which such cards, utensils, or materials shall become forfeited; to seize, attach, and carry away all such cards, utensils, and materials for making 2 cards,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 497

cards, and the same to lodge in the excise office nearest to the A.D. place of seizure, thereto be, detained and kept until disposed of 1779-80. by due course of law. Chap. 12.

LXXIX. And whereas by ail act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, intituled,c-10-f-17-

° ° ... ineffectual.

An ail Jor amending an act for the encouragement oj tillage, and better employment of the poor, and also for other purposes therein men-timed, it is among other things enacted, that if any person should ](.

thereafter sell or expose to sale any playing cards, which had be- before tS' fore been fold, opened, or played with, every person so offending "f, should forfeit forty shillings: and whereas the said in part recited penalty id. let has hitherto proved ineffectual: therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that ever person, who shall hereafter be guilty of the said offence, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; to be sued for, recovered, and applied in manner herein after mentioned, and that cards so fold or exposed to sale shall forfeited. be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue to seize and carry away the same.

LXXX. And whereas shopkeepers and retailers of cards, in Above 2 order to evade the penalties imposed on persons felling or exposing to foie undamped cards, by various contrivances conceal deemed ex-’ and keep in their possession undamped cards intended by them for sale: for remedy whereof and in order to remove all doubts forfeitures, thereupon be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all cards exceeding in quantity two packs, which shall hereafter be found in any house, out office, ware house, or elseivherc, in the possession of any lliopkeeper, or retailer of cards, shall be deemed and considered as cards exposed to sale within the true intent and meaning of this act, and of every other act, whereby cardmakers, shopkeepers, and retailers of cards, are subject to forfeitures and penalties for felling or cx-poling to sale, painted, spotted, and playing cards, not damped, marked, or made up, in manner and form as by the laws now in force in this kingdom is required.

LXXXI. And whereas painted, spotted, and playing cards not stamped, marked, or made up according to law, or marked with baS,' prd-

damps, are carried about for lale, circulated and fold in'»^c-for-and throughout the kingdom, to the manifest prejudice of the fair trader and loss to the revenue: for prevention whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty all painted, spotted, and playing cards, which shall be found in the possession of any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other ' Vol. XI. 6 K trading

intention, advertised 3 days.

498 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

trading person travelling from place to place, shall be forfeited; 1779-80. and it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers Chap. 12. of his Majesty's revenue to seize and lodge such cards in the next excise office, to be proceeded against and disposed of iii such manner as herein after mentioned. c

LXXXII. And whereas the power vested in the said commis-

aitcred damp sioners to alter and change from time to time the (lamps upon mmiTijafter caRk not sufficiently answered the purposes intended: bs it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that as often as the said commissioners, or any three of them, shall think fit to alter, change, or renew the marks or (lamps for cards, and the paper ehclosing the fame, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for all persons, who shall at such respective times have, in their cul-tody or possession any cards and papers inclosing packs of cards marked with the damp or stamps so intended to be altered, changed, or rehewed at any time, within the space of two months after i'uch intention of renewing, changing, or altering said (lamps or marks shall have been published in the Dublin Gazette for three successive days of publication, to sell or expose to sale such cards marked with the damp or damps so intended to be altered, changed, and renewed, and no longer.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the author Cards and rity aforesaid, that if any cards marked with the old (lamps shall mpWthoid remain on hands and unfold, it shall and may be lawful to and brought in ^or any cardmaker, shopkeeper, or retailer of cards, at any withhi 2 time within the said two months to bring or fend such cards

nZber S*an^ papa's inclosing packs of cards, marked with the old damp, new damp* to the respective matters, or to such officer or officers as shall he C" l’U')r appointed in that behalf by the said commissioners, or any three of them, at their respective offices in the cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick; and the said (lamp mailers and officers respectively are hereby required to mark with the new (lamps such cards so brought in, and so many papers inclosing packs of cards as shall be equal in number to the papers so brought in, such new stamps to be impressed, and given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from' the payment of any duty or fee whatsoever for the same.

LXXXIV. Provided also, that if after the said two months any cards with the said old damps shall be found in the poMioii of any cardmaker, shopkeeper, or retailer of cards, the same shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue to seize and carry away the fame, to be proceeded against and disposed of in such man-5 ner

Found after 2 months with old (lamps, forfeited, and fetfed,

The nineteenth and twentieth yetirs of George III. 499

iieras herein after mentioned; and the person or persons, in A.D. whole possession the same shall be found shall be liable and sub- 1779-80. jest to all such penalties and forfeitures, as he, she, or they Chap. 12. should be liable to, if the said cards or papers containing packs of cards never had been stamped. aimfea

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the passing of this act every cardmaker, cr'a bath in.' instead of the oath mentioned in the said recited act of the third ^1jj1 of °a* of king George the second, shall at the respective times; and before the respective persons therein mentioned, ’make oath; or if a quaker, solemnly affirm, in the words following, to wit:

I A.B. do swear, or if a quaker do affirm, that the number of pocks of cards moo entered by me is the full amount of the quantity of painted, spotted, and flaying cards manufactured by me or for my use from the day of to the time of this viy

present entry, except packs made up by me for exportation, 'which are now lodged in his Majesty's fores-, or have been expir'd (as the case may be.)

LXXXVI*. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^a,r<. f>vcir_ that if any person or persons shall wilfully, falsely, and coriuptly ing orfubor-takethe said oath or affirmation, and be thereof lawfully convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, he, ihe, M ptny, or or they lb offending shall for every such offence incur and differ orn11 lon‘ such penalties, forfeitures, pains, and disabilities, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by law liable unto, or if my person or persons shall corruptly procure or fubom any other person to take the said oath or affirmation, and the person or persons so procuring or suborning shall be thereof convicted by verdict or upon his or their confelflon, every person so offending shall for every such offence incur and differ such penalties, forfeitures, pains, and disabilities, as persons convicted of perjury or of subornation of perjury are respectively by the laws of this kingdom liable unto.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that N# from and after the first day of August one thousand leven hun- walk, uniefi fed and eighty no cards shall be deemed waste cards, unless " every corner of each of such cards be cut off, and unless the /»pared* lame be fold in parcels, without being inclosed in any paper cover ’

whatsoever; and if any cardmaker, ihopkeeper, or retailer of cards, shall fell or expolc to sale as walle cards any cards in-doled in paper covers, or not cut in manner aforesaid, lie, Ihe,

506 The nifiettenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

or they fb offending shall be liable to all the penalties, and incar 1779-80. all the forfeitures inflicted and imposed by this or any former Chap. 12. jaw for feping or expoling to sale, painted, spotted, or playing HT-I. cards without stamps.

for felling without stamps.

Commissioners to appoint one in Limerick to keep the marks, stamps, or leak.

faiary 10l. paid quarterly.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioncK of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, ami they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time to appoint a fit and proper person in the port of Limerick, who shall have the custody and keeping of the mark, stamp, or seal, marks, stamps, or seals, which have been or shall be appointed to be put on cards or papers inclosing packs of cards respectively, and to put anc^ shall from time put such mark or stamp as by law required c^vcrofcTe uPQn dice, or such mark or seal as by law required upon pack, and on the paper and thread inclosing every pack of cards, and on the each*"* of pamted or spotted fide of one of the cards of each pack, which shall be duly entered, and for which the duties imposed by law shall be duly paid to the collector of the said port; and the person, who shall be appointed to mark, stamp, and seal cards and dice respectively, pursuant to this act, shall have and receive, during his continuance in the said office the yearly sum of ten pounds, which said yearly sum shall be paid him quarterly by the collector of the said port of Limerick out of the duties charged on cards and dice.

LXXXIX. And whereas many printers and publishers of news Now prin- papers by the sale of undamped news papers defraud his Majesty's revenue, and injure the fair trader: for prevention whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every printer or publisher of a news paper, printed or published in the city or county of Dublin during the continuance of this act, shall oa each day of publication thereof cause to be delivered to the ic-gifter of pamphlets at the stamp office in said city one damped impression or copy of said news paper so printed or publiil and every printer or publisher of a news paper printed or jiiib-lished during the time aforesaid in any place in this kingdom, except as aforesaid, shall on each day of publication of said w paper cause to be delivered to the next distributor of stamps in the county, in which said news paper shall be printed or publiitai, two impressions or copies of every such news paper so printed <r published, stamped as aforesaid, for which several copies or in-prelfions so delivered as aforesaid the respective printers or pul'-lifhers thereof shall be paid the usual and current prices of fcJ impressions or copies, and whensoever and as often as any ®-

stamp

ter or pub-Jt’flier in Dublin, shall 011 each day deliver stamped impression at stamp office.

in other places 2 im-preffiom to next stamp distributor.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. j o I

stamped news paper or news papers shall be printed, published, A.D. exposed, or offered to sale by any printer publisher, or news 1779-80. hawker, or shall be conveyed by post or otherwise to any person by said printer or publisher, then and in every such case the ifal,y stamped impression, copy, or duplicate, so delivered as aforesaid, shall be evidence again! said printer or publishcr of the printing or conveyed, and publishing of all such undamped news paper, of which news paper lb unstamped such stamped impression is a duplicate; and such printer or publisher of the impression so stamped shall be deemed the printer or publisher of all the unstamped news papers, of which such Unstamped news paper is an inipreflion or duplicate j and every printer or publisher of such news paper or news papers as aforesaid, who shall neglect or omit to deliver or fjf|‘ cause to be delivered such copy or impression as herein before di- c?py°s-refled, shall for every such omiflioli pay a penalty of forty Ihil- prosecutor, lings, to be recovered by civil bill by any person who shall lire for the fame at the lelfions of the city or county of Dublin, or at the assizes in the respective counties where such printer or publisher shall reside 5 and such printer or publisher of such unstamp-

1 -’ , -: . 1 anti printer

ed news papers shall be subject to the penalties imposed by an act fui>je£ to pc-passed this session of parliament, intitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties upon Jiamped vcl- f,ir millamP-lum, parchment, and paper, for printing, publishing, or exposing ' to sale unstamped news papers; such penalty or penalties to be recovered by civil bill at the sessions of the city or county of Dublin, or at the assizes in such county where the printer or publisher of such unstamped news paper oi‘ news papers respectively reside, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XC. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that any person, who shall buy or fell, or have or keep in his, her, or their possession, any unstamped news paper within the time aforesaid, shall be subjcbl and liable to the penalty of forty shillings " P°f-sterling for every such unstamped news paper so found in his, her, or their possession; such penalty to be recovered by civil bill, by<*»il by any person who shall sue for the same, the one moiety thereof bill* tobedilpoled of to the poor of the parish in which such penalty ^ shall be recovered, and the other to the use of the informer. nail informer.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his G 7 late Majesty king George the second, intituled, An act for bet- c. 10.

Ur regulating the colleliion of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an act made the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for continuing and amending

Vol. XI. 6 L several

j03 the nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III.

J). several lam heretofore made relating to his Majesty's revenue, and ,779-80. for the more effectual freventing of frauds in his Majesty's customs Chap.12" and excise, and the several alls and statutes which are mentioned in the said ail, and continued thereby, and also one other act c. j, made in the first and second years of his Majesty's reign, intitled, An act for continuing and amending an act, intituled, An act for better regulating the colleltion of his Majestys revenue, and for preventing frauds therein, and for repealing an aS made the last feffton of parliament, intituled, An act for continuing and emending several laws heretofore made relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majestys customs and excise, and the several alls and statutes which are mentioned in 3 & 46. 3- the said all, and continued thereby, and also one other act made Cl J,‘ in the third and fourth years of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An all fir continuing and amending two several alls of parliament therein mentioned, and for the more effectual preventing of Jrauis in his Majesty's customs and excise, and for other purposes therein 3&6G.s> mentioned, and also one other act made in the fifth and sixth is- years of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majestys revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds therein, and for other purposes fk 8 G. 3. therein mentioned, and also one other act made in the seventh .« il‘ and eighth years of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for tlx further improvement of his Majestys revenue, and for continuing iikuG, and amending several acts therein particularly mentioned, and also r-c- 7- one other act made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the further improvement oj his Majestys revenue, and the more effectual preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made and now in force relative to his Majesty's said revenue, 13 k 14 G. and also one other act made in the'thiiteenth and fourteenth j. c. 8. years of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for continuing and amending several laws now in force relating to his Maj fly’s revi-15 & id G. nue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds therein, and 3. c. ij. aif0 one other act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the improvement of his Majests revenue, and the more effectually preventing of frauds therein, act for continuing and amending several laws heretofore made and now jkiSG. in force relative to his Majesty's said revenue, and also one other act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the improvement of his Majesty’s revenue, and the more effectually preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending J'evcral laws heretofore made, and now in

first

3- '

:. 8.

Tbt mtieenib and twentieth pars of George IIU: 50 5

force relative thereto, and all and every the clauses therein re- 'A. S. lpeflively contained (except such parts thereof as are altered, re- 1779-80. pealed, or amended by this present act, or by any of the said Chap. ri». recited acts) shall continue and be in force for the space of two years from the twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven «s al,ir-hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next from jig. session of parliament, and no longer. iiarfthen*

XCII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nextfiiSon. that all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by favemiicrw* this act, or by the said several acts of parliament herein before ’T0"*1)*'

' vtcU and ap-

last particularly mentioned or recited, or by any of them, (other pi;«i, as by than and except such as by this act, or by any of the said recited C'2' acts of parliament herein before last mentioned, are otherwise provided for) shall and may be sued for, recovered* levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, intitled. An act for settling the excise or new impojl upon Us Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in the body of this present act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties w!ll’ J!kr who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise is provided.

XCIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the A]I whole of the inland excise, and all duties paid on spirits distilled Ju-within this kingdom, shall be drawn back on the export thereof ,i;iiii!ul‘ to any place except Great Britain, and be repaid in the manner *"f*'~*. that drawbacks of excise have been made to every person so ex. «r.t m g. porting the fame by way of merchandize at any time or times during the continuance of tills act, without any regard whatsoever to the price of here or barley at the time of such export, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the an- c ;ii thority aforesaid, that this act, and the several provisions hereby -w,- 3 yra.-, made, shall continue and be in force for the space of two years Z‘

from the twenty fourth day of August: one thousand ieveir i"

hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

The nineteenth and twentieth years. ^ George III.

504

A.D.

1779^0, CHAP. xni.

vm;

’ An act for explaining and amending an aS passed in the fifteenth cni sixteenth years of the reign of George the thirdt entitled, An act for the better regulating the pipe Water if the city of Dublin.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth

3__________ years of his present Majesty's reign, after reciting as. is

G. 3. c. 24. therein recited, several regulations are thereby made, which have been found to be of general use to the several inhabitants of the said city, but in some particulars require to be explained and amended: therefore be it enacted by the King’s moss excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament at sembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and owner of eighty every owner or occupier of every house in the said city wnrhouk of Dublin, its liberties and suburbs, and in such parts of the &c. Lit un- county of Dublin and other districts, as are contained within dSffioa pro- Limits aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required, under rides leaden the direction of the proper officer or officers of the said city to fwate°n" provide for the use of such house or houses a ferule branch or leaden pipe of the usual and approved dimensions to convey the water from the several pipes, that now are or hereafter M be laid in the several streets, alleys, yards, courts, iquares, lanes, or on the quays in the said city (its liberties and suburbs) into such house or houses within the Emits aforesaid in each case respectively.

II. And the better to enable the lord mayor, sheriffs, com-E«ry mons, and citizens of the city of Dublin to carry the said pur-housepay- P°fes into execution, to construct new mains and services of inS :5s. and iarger dimensions than heretofore used, to erect cisterns and re-

upwards mi- 0

niiicr's mo- fervatortes, to place cocks and services of metal or wood, and to jos.’ annual extend the whole of the said works, be it enacted by the autho-for water, rity aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty every owner or occupier of every house in the said city of Dublin, the liberties and suburbs thereof, shall pay to the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, or to the officers or collectors by them authorized and appointed, the following sums annu* from 10 to a%» anc* no morei an(l at the following rates for water; for is». ij). every dwelling house paying fifteen shilllings and upwards minis-

tcr’f

Utufcr l<& tos.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. $a 5

let's money the annual rent or film of twenty /hillings; for A; Ef. every dwelling house paying from ten shillings to fifteen shillings 177^-80* minister’s money the annual rent or sum of fifteen shillings j Chap, ip and for every dwelling house paying less than ten shillings minifi ter's money the annual rent or sum of ten /hillings.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Wlere laid, that where the minister’s money is not ascertained, then in mioitter*, every such case respectively such house or houses shall be charge- afcSned, able with and the possessors thereof shall pay at the rates before ^k-house mentioned,'^according as the said house or houses shall be rated in tool, and by the workhouse books.

IV. And whereas many houses are let out in divers portions, lodgings, or tenements to distinct tenants or inmates: be it divers tc-enacted by the authority aforesaid, that then and in every such «nt?cried case the foregoing rent payable at the rates herein before mentioned shall be paid ,- and that the said lord mayor, sheriffs, com* cfpaWfrom mons, and citizens may be impowered to levy the same from the °""pi£r of owners or owner, renter, or principal tenant of such houses or tenements, or from the occupier or occupiers of any part or parts of such houses or tenements, in such manner as other di£ tresses and sales are by the aforementioned aft directed; and such occupier or occupiers of such tenements being parts of houses are hereby required and authorized to pay such sums, as are herein before mentioned, and to deduct the fame out of the rent of his, her, or their holdings j and the owner or proprietors, ren- Md allowed ters, or principal tenants, are required to allow such deductions '^pf0"cT and payments upon the receipts of the residue of the rents, and fidue. all such tenants paying such annual rents for water as herein charged shall be acquitted and discharged for (o much, as the said rent amounts to, as if the fame were actually paid to such persons, to whom the rents of their several holdings should have been due and payable.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every p brewer, maltster, (Miller, sugar baker, tanner, /kinnet, dyer, «r.^rXt and every other person or persons who shall make use of the said

water in their several trades, occupations, or manufactures, shall pay accoid-pay for the said water agreeable to the present mode according Kl^iption and to their respective consumptions and agreements for that purpose between them and the said city; provided the said sum shall not 30l. a year exceed the sum of twenty pounds in any one year for' each c*c’1 person.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any on non-person neglect or refuse to pay the annual rents herein before wment 2

Vol. XI. 6M menti-maud, the

506 The nineteenth and t-wentieth years of George III.

A.D.

mentioned for twenty one days after personal demand there-1779-80. of, or demand in writing left at the place of abode or occupation Chap. 13. of the persons so directed to pay the said rent*, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and rat c^zens lbe fiud city of Dublin, or their officer or receivers ordiftraimd appointed to receive the said annual rents, to cut off all supply o*mmnt water by drawing their ferules out of the wooden pipes, or with*aiaita. by warrant under the hand and seal of the lord mayor of the if not paid in said city for the time being, which warrant, be it enacted by the coftl^'fccr- authority aforesaid, the said lord mayor may be authorized and tamed by a required to grant, by and with the assistance of the high confta-jafticci. jj[e of tjje say city of Dublin, or a constable of the parish or

place where such neglect or refusal shall happen, who is required to be aiding, and assisting, to enter into the houses or lands within the said city, and its liberties and suburbs, occupied by the persons so chargeable with the said rents, and tp distrain their goods and chattles 3 and if the said annual rent shall not be paid within twenty one days after such distress, together with the coils of the said distresses, to be ascertained by any two or more justices of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, then to fell so much and such part thereof as will be sufficient to pay the said rent, with all colls and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattles.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that where Hoiuniawfut any distress is made for any money to be levied by this act, the fonT*"1 of distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the parties mak-

' ing-such distress be deemed trespassers on account of any default

nor panic.

trerpaOen for or want of form in any proceedings relative thereto, nor yet be irregularity, deemed trespassers ab initio on account of any irregularity after-but full fa- wards done by the party or parties distraining, but the perfoti t'nfaction in aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the afe' special damage in an action on the case.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no dnolwS. plaintiff shall recover in any action for any such irregularity, tref-

pass, or other proceeding, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on behalf of the parties, who committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity, trespass, or wrong-defendant. ful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such may by Ua«e tender shall have been made before action commenced, it shall be Mort"*0 lawful for the defendants in any such actions by leave of the court before issue joined to pay into court such sum of money, as he or they shall think fit 3 whereupon such proceedings, or order

and

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 507

and judgment, shall be had, made, and given in and by such A; D. court, as in other actions wherein the defendants are allowed to 1779-80. pay money into court. . Chap. ij.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that ' it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor, sheriffs, " commons, and citizens, or their successors, or their engineer o» a da>’» appointed by them for conducing the said works, to enter into

all the houses and premisses within the several districts aforesaid from eight of the clock in the morning until four in the after- x to fee if un-noon, a day’s notice in writing thereof being first given, to in* ^cf^’"rion spect if there should be any undue diversion or improper appropriation of water.

X. And to prevent as much as possible the wilful and negli- k0 suppir gent waste of water be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that hereafter no private dwelling house, manufacturer, or others, be supplied with water, unless the possessor thereof do and shall Mciency" provide a proper cistern of lead, brick, or wood, to hold a suffi-cicncy of water, and ball and (top cocks placed thereon to pre- wntraiic, vent waste, when the said citterns are fully served and filled, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered in manner herein ,0>-after mentioned.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all p;ptSi ftCt pipes, branches, ferules, and cocks for supplying of water, the to be under property of private persons, be, and are hereby directed to be, j0Ja *0°rf under the management and direction of the said lord mayor, (he- fcc-

riffs, commons, and citizens, and their successors, their engineer,

officers or workmen, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be id-

recovered in the manner herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tr that in case the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, arid citizens, "V*0*. or their successors, their officers, or workmen, shall be interrupted, molested, or prohibited at any time hereafter in the execution of the said works, or in the exercise of their respective duties, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such person or persons shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to be for the use of the to blue; governors of the bluecoat hospital in Oxmantown in the said city of Dublin to be applied by them to the use of the said hospital, the other moiety to the use and benefit of the informer to be recovered before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of Dublin or county of the city of Dublin, where such offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses , and upon conviction to be

levied «t city.

508 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1evied on the goods and chattles of the offender or offended 1779-80. by warrant under the hand and leal of such. justice of the peace, Chap. 13; who is and are hereby required to grant the same.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and every person or persons, who shall supply themselves with eitra-paro- water from the city water course for private use, or for carrying count/It" on manufactures, either extraparochial, or in the county of large, shall Dublin at large, shall and they are hereby required to pay for Plmanufac- each private house twenty shillings; and that each and every such ilytqlm?’ manufacturer shall pay according to his consumption. fumption.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any divertfng’the person or persons shall affix to or iniert any ferule or branch Xo’whose *nt0 of the water pipes or course for conveying water, or concerns con- otherwise divert the said water from the said pipes or course, IXt without the knowledge of the said lord mayor, sheriffs, com-informer'"'1 mons» an<^ citizens, or their successors, their officers or workmen, all and every such person or persons, and every person or persons into or through whose concerns or premisses such water is conveyed, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every such offence, one moiety thereof for the use of the governors of the bluecoat hospital in Oxmantown in the said city of Dublin to be applied by them to the use of the said hospital, the other moiety thereof to the use and benefit of the informer, to be recovered before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, where such offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses; and upon conviction to be levied on the goods and chattles of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby required to grant the same.

XV. And for the removing of any house of ease, dunghill, ruttoooor fewer, or other nuisance on or near the said water course, fothat «ear said wa- the water shall or may be foiled or corrupted thereby, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no house of ease, dunghill, fewer, or other nuisance, be permitted or suffered to be, 01 continued on or near the said water, or water course or water courses, or any part thereof, from and after the passing of this act j and in case any person or persons shall continue such house or houses of ease, dunghill or dunghills, fewer or sewers, nuisance or nuisances, upon or near such water, water course or water courses, or shall hereafter build any new house of ease, fewer, or nuisance, or make any dunghill upon or near such water, water course or water courses, so as that the water of such

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 509

such water course shall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted; A.D. every person or persons so offending shall forfeit for every month, 1779-80. such house or houses of ease, dunghill or dunghills, fewer or Chap. 13. sewers, nuisance or nuisances, shall be or continue, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered before any of his Majesty's justices to of the peace for the county, where such offence shall be commit- informer, ted, upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, and upon conviction to be levied off the goods and chattles of the tll<: C0U[U>'. offender or offenders by warrant under hand and seal of such justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby required to grant the fame, and to be applied to the use of the informer.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in iorj may. case there should be no valuation for minister’s money or work- or> *e-to house money had or obtained for any house or premisses within valuator* for the limits aforesaid, that then, and in such case, and until a vain- okaford ation can be had and obtained, that the said lord mayor, llieriffs, for niimikr'g commons, and citizens, and their successors, be and they are house montj-. hereby impowered to appoint two persons to value all new houses;

and the said lord mayor, flierifts; commons, and citizens, and their successors, are hereby impowered to levy such money, as shall be so ascertained by the said two persons to be the value of such houses, until such valuation is obtained.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Valuator’*

J J ' previous Ofttll.

aforesaid, that before such persons enter upon or make such valuation, they respectively before the lord mayor for the time being take and subscribe the following oath

I A.B. do swear, that will according to the heft of my knowledge, fill, andjudgment, ascertain the value of the house occupied in the possession of or owned by C.D. in the county of or county of the city of Dublin, and make true return thereof, without favour, ill-wil, or ajfcflion, to any person whatsoever. So help me God.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the j,rj mrly-

lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dub- 1

4 rt. make regnla-

1m, and their lucceliors, may be impowered to make and efta- tlons for ;m-blish such regulations for the better improvement of the said works, and to lay down and fix such mains, services, branches, '* mains and cocks, plugs, fire cocks, and other necessary device and devices, litvicJiratn upon such constructions as to them may seem expedient, from and the place or reservatory called the city bason, or from any refer- jjhrj-tridp, voir which may hereafter be made, and from the water wheel or engine at island bridge, through the several roads, highways,

Vol. XI. 6 N streets.

51 o The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

streets* alleys, yards, courts* squares, open areas, lanes, quays; 1779-80. and passages of the said city of Dublin, its liberties and suburbs, Chap. 13. an(j that diey may be appointed conservators of the said water appointed and water course from the said bason, and from the said water conservatonj wheel or engine; and that they may be authorized and impow-may dig up erecto break up and dig the foil and ground of every such road,

anypassage b , 3 i

for said pur- street, alley, yard, court, square, open area* lane, quay, and PuIi> passage, for the purpose aforesaid, to and through the several with like P^aces aforesaid, with the fame powers, restrictions, reservations, poweri and and penalties, and subject to the fame appeal* as is directed and appod'.'asb'1 appointed by an act of parliament passed in this kingdom in the 6 G. i. c. 16. sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the first, entitled. An act for cleansing and repairing the water course leading from the river Dodeer to the city of Dublin, and to prevent diverting and corrupting the water therein. v XIX.'And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all c. 16. the clauses of the aforesaid act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his said late Majesty King George the first, and all the fare as al- clauses of the aforesaid act also passed in this kingdom in the ("forJ. fifteenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty King George the third, not hereby altered or varied, shall be and remain in force as fully, as if this act had not been made.

XX. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall ftftbrew'r* extend to charge or affect any brewer or other person, entitled titled1') vise so and possessed of the use of any part of the water of the of the Dodeer, said river Dodeer by title not derived under the said lord mayor, under lord* sheriffs, commons, and citizens, with the payment of the rent mayor, &c. for any water or water course, to which they are so entitled, and whereof they are now in possession.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any avmrantfor’ action or suit shall be commenced or replevin brought against making conu. any pei.son for any thin? done by him under and in pursuance

7.dnctf> may ^t

jilcad general of this act, the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants, give'tidsaft^ or others making cognizance in such action, suit, or replevin, may and fpceial plead the general issue, or avow, or make cognizance generally, evidence, that the plaintiff is indebted to the said corporation of Dublin in a certain sum of money by virtue of this act, and that the fame still remains due, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trials thereupon, and that the distress or other matter or thing, for which such action, suit, or replevin shall be so brought, was taken or done in pursuance and by authority of this act and if in such action, suit, or replevin the jury shall find for such defendant, avowant, or person making cognizance, S «r

Hie nineteenth arid twentieth years of Georgfc lU* 51 i

or «f the plaiiitiff shall be rionfuited or discoiitiriue, or if by A.D. default Or upon any demurrer judgment shall be given for 1779-80'. such defendant oravowant, Or person making cognizance; iri any Chap. 13; of the cases aforesaid such defendant, or avowant; or person making cognizance, shall have double costs and such remedy for recovering the fame; as any defendant may have for costs in any other case by law 5 and, if the plaintiff shall have proceeded by way of replevin; shall also' have judgment for a return of the distress takeri;

XXII. And Whereas the earls of Meath, lords of the manor Lords of of the liberty of Thomas Court and Donore, have for many ages been seized arid possessed of part of the said water Course of pan of the the said river Dodeer; beginning at the place called the tongue of said river, which divides said water course between the liberty and the city of Dublin; and are annually at a very great expence in repairing the banks of said river; and putting in pipes for the convenience Of the inhabitants of the said liberty: and whereas the said inhabitants have hot of late been sufficiently supplied with water, occasiohed by persons damming up, flopping the currency of the water, breaking down; destroying the banks, ditches, fences, quarrying and railing ftonei near the banks; making flood gates, holes, Cuts, and putting in pipes, making sewers, and drawing off the said water of the fad water course of said river, and by privately and secretly affixing to and inferring ferules or branches into the water course or main pipes of said liberty, and otherwise diverting said water; and suffer the same to run to waste without the knowledge; privilege, or licence of the earl of Meath, his agents or officers appointed for taking care of said water: and whereas many persons throw in, walli, dip, scour, beat, and steep, within the said water course, linen, woollen, cloths, yam, flax, tape, ma-tiufactures of linen, cotton, coloured with dye stuffs, skins; garbage, and commit several other nuisances to corrupt and foul said water, to the great hazard and danger of the lives, health; and safety of the inhabitants: To prevent the fame be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty if any per- vlp'^5the son or persons shall dam, flop up the currency of the water, water; debreak down, destroy the banks, ditches or fences, dig, quarry, bf raise (tones near said banks, make any flood gate, gap, hole, from cut, put in any pipe in the banks, ditches of fences, or draw "jti,out lord off the water of said water course, or if any person or persons c/nofireik shall privately and secretly affix to or insert any pipe, ferule, or wall or water-

branch " d#

512 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

branch into the said water course, or into any of the main pipes 1779-80. of laid liberty for carrying water, or otherwise diverting laid Chap. 73. water from its course or main pipes, without the knowledge or licence of the said earl of Meath, his agent or officer appointed foul or cor- to take care of said water course; and if any person or persons Sr°'&rfcit shall break down any wall, water gate, put up by order of said 20,‘ earl, his agent, seneschal, or officer, for the better preserving said water from running to waste, or shall throw in, wadi, dip, scour, beat, or steep, in laid water course any linen, woollen, cloth, yarn, flax, hemp, or any manufactures made of linen, woollen, cloths dyed with dye fluff, skins, garbage, or do any act that may foul or corrupt the said water, every person or persons so offending in any of the said particulars shall for every such to laid hof °ffence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, one moiety to be pitai and in- paid to the use of the bluccoat hospital, and the other moiety former, tQ t[le inforitner, to be recovered before the seneschal of said li-

nefcimUra" kerty, or before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the justice for the county of Dublin or county of the city of Dublin, where such county or Offence ft,an be committed, upon oath of one or more witnessor witnesses, and upon conviction to be levied on the goods and chattles of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and seal of said seneschal, or of such justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby required to grant the same.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this iafI"lbIlck aft shall be deemed a publick act, and judicially taken notice of

as such in all courts by all judges, justices, and other persons without specially pleading the same.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, that if any person within the

houfa'piot2 city of Dublin, who is not actually in publick business, who has !>" finer.*)1' 01 at any t'me hereafter for their conveniency unite two

aiming, and houses into one, or shall build one or more additions to any branch,' ul house, and (lvall have but one branch to convey water to such to 20s. only, house so converted, such person shall be liable only to pay the

sum of twenty shillings for laid branch, any thing contained in this or the former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And provided also, that if any person or persons is or converted"^ are now 01 hereafter shall be in possession of one house, and that

« the fame is or shall be converted into two or more houses or dwellings, each lings, that then and in such case such person or persons shall w each of them pay such sum or sums of money, as if the fame more houses. were two or more houses.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

5*3

A.D.

1779-So.

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending fevered temporary Statutes.

WHEREAS an act made in the thirty third year of his 3jff. 1.

late Majesty George the second, entitled, An act for the more equal assessing and better collctling of publici money in counties of cities and counties of towns, is near expiring: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act be made perpetual.

II. And whereas an act passed in this kingdom in the third jc. 3. C. year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for HmUt'a for' coifruling the titles and for quieting the possessions of protfonts, and for giving time to converts from popery to perform the requisites of 24 June 1791, conformity prescribed by the laws against popery, which enacts, That Xl'einicxt all such person or persons, as had therefore obtained the hilltop’sfc*0"-certificate of their conformity, and from and after obtaining the fame had professed the protestant religion, and had continued protestants, and had not performed all the requisites of conformity, and should perforin the fame before the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, should from the time of his, her, or their conformity from the popish to the protestant religion be deemed and taken to be protestants of the established church to all intents and purposes, with a provil'o in said act that nothing therein contained (liould bar, defeat, or prejudice any judgment or decree whatsoever in any court of law or equity, or any suit then depending on the popery laws f which clause to limit the time for performing the said legal requisites of conformity was enlarged by several other subsequent acts: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That said clause to limit the time for performing the said legal requisites of conformity shall be further enlarged, and extended to, and remain in force to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

III. And whereas an act passed in the seventeenth and eigh- By 17 ft teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, A,: att jg. t',3+. for reviving and continuing several temporary fatutes, wherein it is cilil^ '3* jmongst other things recited. That whereas by an act passed in 6. ft 15 ft >6 Vol. XI. 6 O the

514 The nimteeenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present 1779-80. Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and Chap, i 4‘ successors,several duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, and also by G. 3. c. 9. an act passed in the -fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his G 7 Ple^ent Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his amU>y i9 & heirs and successors, several duties upon stamped velluin, parchment, 6d. to b/ ar>d paper, and also by an ail passed in the then present session of to or (he« r Parliament, entitled, An a(t for granting to his Majesty, his heirs upon uiiich and successors, several duties upon famped vellum, parchment, and to company paper, it is severally enacted amongst other things, That for the 9on7ngroiT«t t*mes *n the said acts respectively mentioned, there shall be paid or written, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a sum of six pence damped tot. for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and for every flch wntiuc ^lcct or Plece Paper, upon which any admission into any corpo-not admitted, ration or company should be engrossed or written, and also by an act passed in the present session of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several duties upon stamped vellum, parchment and paper, it is enacted among other tilings, That for the time in the said ad mentioned there should be paid unto Ills Majesty, his heirs and successors, a sum of six pence for every {kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and for every (heat or piece of paper, upon which any admission into any corporation or company should be engrossed or written: and whereas it is also by the said several acts further enacted, That if any p.erson or persons shall engross or write, or eaulc to be engrafted nr written, upon any vellum, or parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things, for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper is thereby severally charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or stamped as therein mentioned, or upon which there shall not be some (lamp or mark resembling the fame, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be stamped ni marked for any lower duty, than the duty by the said acts payable for what shall be so engrossed or written, then and in every such case there shall be duly entered and paid unto his Majesty, over and above the duty in said acts respectively before mentioned, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds; and that no such record, deed, instrument, or writing, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity,- until as well the said duty as the said sum of ten pounds shall be full paid to his Majesty's use, and such receipt as therein mentioned

produced

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 515

produced for the fame, and until the vellum, parchment, or A.D. -paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing shall be 1779~ * written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or stamp: and whereas doubts have arisen on the construction of the said clauses and provisions, so far as they relate to the admission into corporations and companies: And whereas many personB have been admitted into corporations and companies, and their admission entered, engrossed, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper not stamped: And whereas great inconveniencies would arise to several corporations and companies, if the said sum of ten pounds was to be paid for every such omission, or in default thereof the said admission rendered void and ineffectual: for dl adinif-remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That company or all and every such admission or -admissions into any corporation or company, which has or have antecedent to the first day of 7®°* February one thousand seven hundred and eighty been entered, valid as if engrossed, or written, without stamp, shall be to all intents as valid and effectual, and equally to be pleaded or given in evi- (»« dence, as if the fame had been entered, written, or engrossed commenced) on vellum, parchment, or paper duly stamped, and the duties paid for the same, as required by the said acts, or any of them, lave and except in cases where any suit or proceeding at latv al- 1781, ' ready commenced, and now depending, or any admission already brought into controversy, can or may be effected thereby; provided that such admission or admissions shall be lawfully stamped, and the duty of six pence thereon respectively payable duly paid on or before the twenty fifth day of March, which shall be in tile >car of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one; which said stamp the officers for money in the stamp duties are hereby authorized and required to jrrant on said payment of

to 1 ' in eoijKjrttt-

fix penceAnd provided also. That nothing in this act contained lia-shall extend or he construed to extend to make any entry in any JoVbylaw. corporation hook liable to any stamp or duty, other than the fame is or are now by law liable to.

IV. And whereas an act passed in the thirteenth year of the ,3 g, 3. c. reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for amending an

eel passed in the twenty ninth year of King George the second, entitled, G.3 c. 31. An act for the further encouragement of tillage, which act was fur- mlcj lo ls ther continued by an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth Ucc- 1,s*' years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing an ail, entitled. An act for amending an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for the further encouragement of tillage: and whereas said act has been found beneficial to this country, and

6 0 2 is

£16 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A- D. is now near expiring: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1779-80. That said a# may be continued to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, if Sc 16 V, And whereas an act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years continuedh's present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent and punish tiimul-with amend- iuous rifmgs of persons within this kingdom, and for other pnrpofet isis G. therein mentioned-, which said act was further continued and midfyii'fy amended by an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years *2 f 24. 7 ^'S Pre^ent Majesty, entitled, An act for reviving and conlinu-

1787, &c. ing several temporary statutes: and whereas said acts and amendments are now near expiring: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That said receited act, and the clauses by way of amendment added to it by the last receited act, may be further conti-. nued to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of Parliament.

it G. 3. c. continued by 17 & 18 G. 3. c. 36. f. 13. further continued to 24 June 1785, and to 1787 by 2! &Z2 &, 3. c. 40.

3 °v3,:c-

23. prohibit* ing killing game at certain seasons, and felling.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in this kingdom in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to prevent combinations to rmfe the price of coals in the city of Dublin, which act was revived and continued by an act of the last sessions, entitled, An act for reviving and continuing several temporary statutes, be further continued in force to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty five.

VII. And whereas several persons well a {reeled to his Majesty's government and the cltablished church, map have neglected or been prevented from taking and subscribing the oaths, and performing the other qualifications prescribed by an act passed in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of poperyt and may have by such omission incurred great penalties: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who have on or before the first day of August: one thousand seven hundred and eighty incurred any penalties in the said act to prevent the further growth of popery mentioned by omitting to qualify themselves according to the said act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, and penalties in and by reafou of such omit, fion or uegleft as aforesaid, and that no act or acts done by. them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioried or avoided by reafou of such omil* fion, but that all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be good and effectual, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That such person or persons do and shall take and Tub* feribe the said oaths, and perform such other requisites, as are prescribed by said act in the manner therein mentioned, on or before the twenty ninth day of De* cember which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

IX. And whereas an act; passed in this kingdom in the third year of his present Majesty, For the better preservation of the game, so far as it relates to the killing of game, and exposing the same to sale at improper seasons of the year, is found to be useful and lit to be continued: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1 That the nineteenth and twentieth years of GeOi'gc IlL 5!

that all the clauses in the said act contained) which prohibit the taking and killing of game at certain seasons of the year, and exposing the same to fate, and all the penalties and provisions relative thereunto, which by the said act are made a providee, shall be continued in force until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred) and to the end of the then next ie/Son of parliament.

X. And whereas aii act passed iil the first year of his present Majesty, intitled, An act to prevent the excessive price of coals in the city of Dublin, which act was continued and amended by an act passed in the third year of his said Majesty's reign, intitled, An eS to amend and tontinue an ail, intitled, An act to prevent the ex-c/Jm price of coats in the city of Dublin: and whereas an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty extending said recited acts with all provisions and amendments tb the city of Cork, and enacting such other provisions and regulations as were necessary to have the fame carried into effect in the city of Cork: and whereas said acts have been found beneficial: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all the said recited acts) provisions, and amendments shall continue and be in force until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an act made in this kingdom in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, An act to authorize for a limited time the punishment by hard labour of offenders, who for certain crimes are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies, and plantations, which said act is made to continue in force for two years, and to the end of the then session, or if the term of two years should not determine during any session of parliament, then to the end Of the theit next ensuing session of parliament, be contiriued for two years from the first of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty) and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

A.D.

1779-86. Chap. 14;

continued tS 24 June 1800, and ttf cod of then next session*

<G.j.

c. 10.

3 G. 3. c. 27.

jG.3 c. 15.1. *31

m »s>»

continuek to 24 June 1787, and to end of next session.

17 & 18

G.3.&9.

continued i years from ift Aue. 1780, and to end ol next fefljodi

6 P

Vot.Xl

CHAP.

518 the nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III.

A.D.

1779*80. CHAP. XV.

V/Y*U

An act for continuing several temporary statutes, andfir amending m act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, altering, end improving Sackville-street and Marlborough-street in the dtp if Dublin, and the tanes and avenues leading Unto the fame rtjptc-lively; and for enabling the corporations for badgi'ng the fur Within the county of Waterford and the county of the dtp tf Waterford to unite and become one corporation; and elfs fir t/lablishing a body corporate within the town and parish of Lijlm in the county of Antrim for the better support and government if the poor within the fat'd town and parish.

ish’BG \\/PEREAS several'temporary laws and statutes hereafter 3. c. 11. con.'mentioned are deemed proper to be cohtinued: be it en-Kdingdjj acted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice $ 1+G. 3. C. ant] consent of the-lords spiritual and temporal and commons in ymtVyht this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the from thence ^ame‘ ^at an act made in this kingdom in the seventeenth and 7 yean, and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled, a«t Mon. An act for continuing and amending an act passed in the fourteenth

17 S(?i jj, c. 17, continued 2 years and to end of the then session,

and 2 years isc.frwi 24 9W 1780, 6*19620 G. 3.c u.f. 3.

I7& 18 <?;

5« c. tz» con* ticucd 2 years

year of ids present Majesty's reign, intitled. An act to pmers malicious cutting and wounding, and to punish offenders called chalkeni which laid aft is made to continue in force only to the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, he continued from thence for seven years and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an act made in this kingdom in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign Of his present Majesty, intitled An 08 it amend and continue an act passed in the thirteenth andfourteenth peart of his present Majesty, intitled, An act for the better regulutim tf the baking trade in the city of Dublin, and for other pitrjnfts; which said act is made to continue in force for two years from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and to the end of the next session of parliament, be further continued for two years, and to the end of the then session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an act made in this kingdom in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled. An aflfir repo j

Juliet

5

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 5 it}

fitting the price and assize of bread, and preventing frauds and im- A. 0. pfitiom in the fate of four, meal, beer, akj potatoes, butcher's meat, 1779-80; and other articles sold by weight or measure in the county of Dublin, Chap. 1 j. which said act is made to continue in force for two years from ariTtocmi^f the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and to the end of the then next session of parliament after the said two years, be further continued for two years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV, Whereas by an act passed in this kingdom in the ele- i, & u.g. venth and twelfth years of his Majesty's reign, intitled, An all fir J; the better paving, cleaning-, lighting, altering, and improving the new street called Sackville-street and the Mall in the city of Dublin, and the lanes and avenues leading into the fame-, as also the street called Marlborough-street, running parallel thereto on the east fide-, ssith the lanes and avenues leading into the fame, certain commissioners therein named are appointed for the purpose of paving) deanfing, lighting, draining, and improving the said streets, and certain powers are vested in them for the purposes aforesaid

And whereas it was not meant or intended by the said act td discharge any body politick or corporate from fcleanfing the said streets, and the lanes and avenues leading into the fame respectively, who by any tenure or otherwise by law were bound; obliged, or liable to cleanse the fame, or either or any of them; or to dispense with their so doing: but yet nevertheless the commissioners, appointed by the said recited act, have since the making thereof cleansed the same to the no small expence and trouble of the inhabitants of the said several streets; lanes, and avenues: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and every body and bodies politick and corporate, who before ^rjidrati the making of the said act was or were bound, obliged; Or bodi« liable^ liable to cleanse the said streets, lanes, and avenues, or any or either of them, shall from and after the passing this act be fore filJ aa> and continue bound, obliged, and liable to cleanse the fame in like manner as before the making of the said recited act, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and that ,.rtd of the comrtiissioners, appointed by or under the said recited act from the commifli-time to time, shall and may call upon and require such body Umtot°imc; and bodies politick or corporate to cleanse the fame from time to time, and at all times hereafter; and in case of neglect or refusal after forty eight hours notice thereof may ciuife the fame 8ica after 4s to be cleansed; and in case of so doing shall and may require and call upon such body and bodies politick and corporate to reim- c*|w>w.

burse

520

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 15.

x,

their lands and possessions, whereby

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

hurfe and pay to them, or to their treasurer or receiver for the time being, all such costs and expen'ce 'as they may or shall be put to by reason thereof 5 and all and Angular lands, tenements, tolls, tythes, or other possessions, incomes, profits, and emoluments held, enjoyed, and received by such body or bodies politick iiabie" "cha^- or Corporate* by the terture whereof such body or bodies is or are cd therewith, (je charged and chargeable with all such costs and

levied there-'expbnces, which shall and may be levied, recovered, and raised marycoih?" by and out of the revenue, profits, and produce of the fame, by ihint to 1 «f either of the fotlr courts of law or equity ih this kitigdom, upon cour^ complaint to the judge or judges thereof respectively* who are impowered to hear and determine the fame upon motion or petition in a luminary way, and by order* rule, or decree to enforce such judgment or determination therein as shall be just.

V. And whereas by hn act passed in the eleventh and twelfth j. "30"<r' years of his present Majesty's reign, intitled, An act for bodging such poor as shall be found unable to support themselves by labour, and otherwise providing for them, and fir refraining such as foil befound able to support themselves by labour and indufry from begging, corporations are created in every county at large, and every county of a city of town iii this kingdom, who are thereby empowered to execute the powers and trulls therein particularly expressed: and whereas it would render the execution of laid act in the county of Waterford and County of the city of Waterford more easy and coihpleat, if the corporations instituted by said act in laid County and county of said city were impowered to unite and thceorpo- become one body corporate: be it therefore enacted by the autho-humiB there- rity aforesaid, that from and after the first day of September in mid city of"1, the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty it shall and /nayunireand *7 be lawful to and for the said reljiective corporations lait becomoone. mentioned to uhite and become one aggregate corporation oh such terms and conditions, as they shall agree, and that they shall have full power conjunctively to do, execute, and perform within said courity at large, or within said county of laid city aforesaid, all and every such act or acts, as each of them are now severally empowered to do, execute, and perform within their respective cdunty or county of said city under the said recited act aforesaid.

justices for

VI. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be the county conlirued, deemed, or taken to enable or impower the justices such'for the5 of the peace for said county at large to act as such within qty or liber- said. county of said city, or the liberties thereof, any thing

herein

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 521

herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise not- A.D. withstanding. 1779-80.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Chap. 17. grand juries of said county at large, and the county of said city, pres,.nt.

at their respective spring atlizes to be held in the said county and county of the said city respectively be empowered and required to spring assize, present such sum or sums to be levied in the manner as in the "nd cit)"!-said act mentioned; and also that they be further empow, '^as l""t ered to hand over such portion of the money collected under any hamkd orer-such future presentment or presentments to the said united corpo- corporation, ration, or their treasurer, to be applied to the uses of the said corporation.

VIII. And whereas the said act passed in the eleventh and & 12

1 G* 3* c. 3®*

twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An aSl for extending

budgingfneb poor os shall be found unable to support themselves by ttcs^ndcou". labour, and other wise providing for them, and for ref raining such as fall befound able to support themselves by labour and indufry from begging, extends only to the creating of corporations for the purposes of the said act within counties at large, or in counties of cities, or counties of towns in this kingdom: and whereas the town of Lisburn in the county of Antrim is a populous town, and the said town and parish thereof contain as many inhabitants as several of the cities or counties of towns in this kingdom, but not being a county within itself, cannot have the benefit of the said law in as ample and full a manner, as is found necessary: and whereas the inhabitants of the said town and parish of Lilburn have by voluntary subscriptions and contributions raised a sum of money for the support of the poor within the said town and parish: and whereas the said inliabi- a body corporate ella-

tants are delirous, that a body corporate should be formed, and LI i!kJ for to continue for ever, for the better carrying into execution (under ,'^iXnible proper regulations) the charitable and humane design of main- pan»fc»,f<jr taining the poor of said town and parish: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of September one thousand fever, hundred and eighty, the right honourable carl of Hertford, the right reverend lord hilltop of Down and Connor, the seneschal- of the said town of Lisburn, and his successors, the representatives in Parliament for the said town, and the reftor, curate, and church-wardens of the said pariii:, and the minister of the congregation of protellant dissenters in the said town of Lilburn, all for the time being, and Edward Obre, William Watts Gayer, John Hunter, and William Rogers, esquires, and such other persons as shall contribute to such cha-V01.. XL 0 if fry

fcncfchal

preGdent,

522 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

rity as hereafter mentioned, shall for ever hereafter be in name 1779-80. and faa one body corporate in law for the charitable purposes aforesaid, and shall have perpetual succeslion, and be called and named, distinguished by the name of the president and assistants of the Lisburn Charitable Society, and that the seneschal of the said town for the time being, shall be and continue president during his fenefchalship; and that the said president and his assistants shall be enable to plead and sue, and to be impleaded and sued, by that name in all his Majesty's courts of justice, and shall and may appoint a common seal or seals for the use of the said corporation, and shall have power and authority to meet together as often as there shall be occasion; and the said president and his assistants, and their successors, or any five or more of them, mC'fJr'go-' being so assembled, shall have power to make such reasonable laws, vernment of rules, orders, and regulations, for the better government of the pooHim*? poor and poor house, as they shall think necessary and convenient, and to revoke and alter the fame at their discretion; and that it ^revokeand shall and may be lawful for the said president and assistants to i>yc laws make such and the like bye laws and regulations, and to exercise cIl^stlKcor* such an<l the like powers with rcl’pedt to the poor and all idle said'a'a"41>lr a,1d sturdy beggars within the said town and parish of Lisburn, as the corporations created by virtue of the; said receited act within counties at large, and counties of cities, and counties of towns arc enabled to do.

Sulifcribing

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, member for 1 That every person, who shall subscribe and pay the sum of three year. guineas to the said president and assistants of the Lisburn cha-

ritable society for the support and maintenance of the poor of the said town, shall from thenceforth be and continue for the space of one entire year a member thereof to all intents and purposes, as fully and effectually as any of the persons herein before named.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation shall for the first time hold a meeting on the second day of October next at the market house of the said town of Lisburn; and that it shall and may be lawful for them afterwards to meet at and adjourn to such times and places within the said town and parish, as the president shall from time to time think fit to appoint by reasonable summons, and to adjourn by the mnjo- fuc|j raecting fVOm time to time as the members then present, or the on picfi- greater part thereof, shall fee occasion; and in tafe the president member Sp- fluff not attend, that they shall and may have power to appoint

pointed. such

President to appoint meeting,

adjourned

1‘be nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

523

such other member of their corporation to prelide and aft A.D. in his place and stead at such meeting, as they may judge 1779"S°-proper.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for the belter Accommodation and Rcgnlation of His Ma-jefys Army in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, Repealed 71 & ' ’ entitled. An act to prevent the disorders that may happen by the marching ffoldiers, and providing carriages for the baggage of soldiers in their march, it is among other things enacted and declared, that no officer, soldier, or trooper in his Majesty's army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the said yeoman, nor any servant of any such officer, shall at any time hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this kingdom, favc only during iiich time or times as he or they shall be on their march as aforesaid, or during such time as lie or they shall be and remain in some fca port town in order to be transported, or during such time as there shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, by reason of which emergency her Majesty's army, or any considera-blc part thereof, shall be commanded to march from one part of this kingdom to another: and whereas the barracks in this kingdom arc not at present sufficient to lodge all the forces upon its military establishment: and whereas it may be neceflury to Ration part of the troops in places, where there arc no barracks, or not sufficient barracks to hold them: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal ami commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful in such cases notwithstanding the said recited act to and for the constables, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, and villages, and other places within this kingdom, and in their default or absence for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in cr near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others, and such constables, and other chief magistrates as aforesaid, are

6 Qjz hereby

524. The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A; D. hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in his Majesty's fer-I 779-80. vice in inns, livery stables, ale-houses, victualling houses, and die houses of fellers of Chap. 16. wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses or places thereunto belonging, anil > ajj houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, or metheglin by retail, and where there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are effective soldiers present to be quartered; all which billets, when made out by such chief magistrates or constables, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present: and if any constable, or such like officer or magistrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such officer or soldier in any house, not within the meaning of this act, without the consent of the owner or occupier, then such owner or occupier shall have his or their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer for the damage that such owner or occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise, than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon any mayors, constables, or other civil officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty hereby required or appointed, such military officer Stall for every such oifen.ee, baing thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipfi faSu cafltiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom j provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next assizes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, or county of a city, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court martial; and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that fuel) coililable, chief officer, or magistrate, such chief officer or magistrate not being a justice of the peace, has quartered or billetted in his house a greater number of soldiers, than lie ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty, where such soldiers are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such.division, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall have and have hereby power to relieve such person by ordering such and so many of (lie soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon such other person or persons, as they shall 6 fee

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 525

fee cause, and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers A.D. accordingly. 1779-80.

Chap. 16.

II. And whereas great inconvenience happens from the billetting of foldieTS singly i be it therefore enacted bjr the authority aforesaid, That at no time hereafter a left number than two men shall be billetted in any one house, and such billets may be changed once every month, if thought necessary by the chief magi (Irate, to prevent any burthen thereby arising from falling heavy on particular individuals.

III. And that the quarters both of officers and soldiers in this kingdom may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, his Majesty's duties of excise better answered, and that the owners of houses, on whom soldiers and officers shall be billetted, may be encouraged to provide good and proper accommodation for such officers, soldiers, and their horses, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,- that except during such times as the troops shall be on their march, or during such times as there shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, or during such times as recruits or recruiting parties remain separated from their regiments and employed in the recruiting service, payment shall be made for each officer and soldier, during the time he or they shall occupy such billet, at the following weekly rates, viz. in Dublin for each field officer and captain eight shillings; for each subaltern officer seven shillings; for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling and one penny; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence halfpenny; in the country for each field officer or captain five shillings; for each subaltern officer three shillings and six pence; for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier six pence. The payment of the officer’s lodging to be made by the officers themfe’ves in the present accustomed manner. The payment of the men’s lodging to be made monthly by the commanding officer of each corps in each quarter, in consequence of money sent them for that purpose by their several regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit such money such sums shall be advanced to them, asfiiallbeneceflary, for which the regiments shall be accountable, and which sums shall be accounted for in the usual manner; and as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient (fabling for the horses so billetted, four pence pir week shall he paid to the owners of (fables for each horse, during the time each shall remain, -in such manner and under such circumstances as the quarters of the men are paid,

Vol.XI. 6 R ' and

526 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

an^ in case of any troop or company being suddenly ordered to march, and that

1779-80. the respective commanding officers are not enabled to make payment of the sums

Chap. 16. due for the lodging of the men and horses, every such commanding officer shall before his departure make up the accounts with every person, with whom such troop or company may have been quartered, and sign a certificate thereof; which account and certificate shall be transmitted to the agent of the regiment) that immediate payment maybe procured in the accustomed manner.

IV. And as very great detriment and inconvenience arises to the service from the dispersing and billetting of soldiers when on a march at a great distance from the place or places, where they are meant to be quartered, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said last receited act, and by reason of which they are placed wide of their intended route for the next day’s march: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that at no time, when troops are on a march, shall any of them be billetted above one mile from the place or places mentioned in the route.

V. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen and may arise in such places where horse ordragoons arc or maybe quartered, by the billetting of the men and their horses at different houses, and often at great distances from one another) contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act,} be it enacted by the authority aforesaid} That in all places, -where horse or dragoons shall be quartered or billetted in pursuance of this act, for the future the men and their horses shall be billetted in one and the fame house, except in case of necelfityj and that in no other case whatsoever there be less than one man billetted, where there shall be one or two horses, nor less than two men where shall be four liorfesj and so in proportion for a greater number, and in such case each man shall be billetted as near his horfif as possible.

VI. And whereas some doubts may atife, whether commanding officers of any regiment, troop, or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of thcfervtcc: be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange as above mentioned may be made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed the number at that time billetted on such house or houses; and the constables and other chief officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, and villages, or other places where any regiment)

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 52 7.

ment, troop, or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men A.D.

and horses so exchanged accordingly. . 1779"®°*

Chap. 16.

VII. And whereas an act of Parliament passed in this fcingtlbm in the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the difirders that may happen by the marching of fold'icrsy and for providing carriages for tkc baggage tf fildiers in their march; and by one other act of Parliament made in this kingdom in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled,

An act for explaining and amending an act to prevent the diprders that may happen by the marching tf fildierst and for providing carriages for the baggage of fotdiers in their march; and also by one other act of Parliament made in this kingdom in the fe-veiuh year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the third, entitled, An act for the further explaining and amending an act, entitled, An act to prevent the dif-tritrs that may happen by the marching of fotdiers, and for providing carriagesfir the h*gdge of fildiers in their march> certain sums of money were directed to be paid to the owners of carriages for the baggage of soldiers in their march: and whereas the rates directed to be paid by said recited a£h are not a sufficient satisfaction to the owners of such carriages: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That front ami after the passing of this act no person or persons whatsoever shall be compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in any march with his or their carriage or carriages, until such time as the officer or other person, who shall require such carriage or carriages, shall pay down in hand to the owner or owners of such carriage or carriages, his or their servant or servants, the sum herein after mentioned, that is to say, for every hundred weight which the owner or owners of any wheel carriage or carriages shall take as lbading on such wheel carriage or carriages :he Aim of one halfpenny for every mile, or reputed mile, he or they shall march with liisor their carriage or carriages pursuant to said recited acts; which sum or sums, so to be advanced and paid by such officer or other person as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such officer or other person paying the fame by the vice treasurer of this kingdom for the time being without fee or reward,1 on performing the requisites pwferibed by said recited acts.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner or owners of such carriage or carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage or carriages under the sum of three pence mile, or reputed mile at the least, in case he or they shall be required to carry a - 6 R 2 less

528 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

Jefe weight on such carriage or carriages than six hundred weight for^each at* 1779-80. rkge.

Chap. 16.

pravided always,*rhat such owner or owners Hull not he obliged against his or their consent to carry on any one carriage a greater weight than six hundred weight; and ifheor they shall consent to carry on any carriage a greater weight than six hundred weight, he or they shall be allowed and paid at the rate of one halfpenny fer mile for every hundred above the weight of six hundred put upon such carriage.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner ct owners of such carriage or carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to take any loading, until the same shall be first duly weighed at the expence of the owner or owners of fitch carriage or carriages, if he or they shall think fit, and the fame can be done in a reasonable time, without let or hindrance to his Majesty's service.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the clnufes, powers, and authorities contained in the said recited acts, other than such clauses ami pans thereof as are hereby repealed and altered, shall remain in force, and shall be executed, observed, and performed, according to the true intent and meaning of the said acts.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's army within this kingdom shall be governed by such articles of war, as have been already or Hull be made by him for the government of all his forces; and that all offences against the same shall be tried and determined by courts martial to be held by virtue of commissions from his Majesty, impowering the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to appoint general courts martial from time to time within the same, as well as to dire# his ot their warrant or warrants to any general officer having the chief command of a body of forces within this kingdom, authorizing him to convene general courts martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under his command, such general courts martial to be constituted and their proceedings regulated according to the several provisions, which are or shall be fpt* cified in such articles of war.

XIII. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb for any offence not at present expressed in such articles.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 529

XIV. And provided also, That every member of such court-martial shall take A.D. the oath following. *779~ *

Chap. 16.

I A.B. do swear, that I will duly administer jujliee according to the rules and articles for the better government of his Majestys frees, without partiality, favour^ or affellmy and if any doubt shall arise, which is not explained in said articles, according to my conscience^ the best of my underjiandhig, and the custom of war in the like cases. And I further sweart that I will not divulge the sentence of the court, until it shall be approved by his Majesty} or by same person duly authorised by him: neither will I upon any account at any time whatsoever disclose or discover the vcte cr opinion of any particular member of the court martialunless required to give evidence thereof as a witness by a court of jujliee in a due cottrje if law,

So help me God.

XV. Provided always, That the party tried by any general court-martial Ifaall be entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial upon demand thereof made by himself, or by any other person or persons on his behalf, (he or they paying reasonably for the fame,) at any time not sooner than three months after such sentence.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every judge advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court-martial, do and he is hereby required to transmit with as much expedition, as the opportunity of time and distance of place can admit, the original proceedings and sentence of such court-martial to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland, to be laid before him or them, and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence therein contained, to be lodged with the judge advocate general in Dublin, to the end that the person intitled thereto may be enabled upon application to the said office to obtain copies thereof according to the true intent and meaning of this atfl.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court-martial, nor any entry or copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any (lamp duty whatsoever; any thing contained in any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

6 S

330 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

XVHL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1779-80. That no officer or soldier, having been acquitted or convicted of any offence, be Chap. 16* liable to be tried a second time by the fame or any other court-martial for the lame offence, unless in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court-martial; and that no sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the prelident thereof, be liable to be reviled more than once.

XIX. Provided always, That nothing an 'this act contained shall extend or be construed to exempt any officer or soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

XX. And for preventing of fraud and deceit in the muttering of soldiers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue certificate, whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any mutter, or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed upon some other duty of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prison, or on furlough, then every fitch person so making, giving, or procuring such certificate, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office or employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the absence of any soldier but for the reasons above mentioned, or one of them; and the commissary of the mutters is hereby directed to set down on the roll at the time of taking the mutter the reason of the absence of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of such certificate.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer, that shall make any false or untrue mutter of man or horse, and every commissary, mutter matter, or other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the mutter roll, wherein such false mutter is contained, or any duplicate thereof, and also every commissary, mutter matter, or other officer, who shall directly or indt-rcflly take or cause to be taken any sum or sums of money, or any gratuity, on or for the muttering any regiment, troop, company, on or for the signging of any mutter roll, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court martial to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorized and requited to administer such oath) shall for such offence he forthwith cashiered and displaced from such office, and shall be thereby utterly

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 531

terly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this A.D. kingdom. 1779- 80.

Chap. 16.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every com- ’

miliary, or muster mailer, upon any muster to be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient time before such muster made, give notice to the mayor or chief magistrate, or officer'of the place, where the said soldiers so to be mustered shall be quartered, who is hereby required to be present at every such muster,

and give his utmost assistance for the discovering any false or untrue muster there made or offered to be made; and that every such commissary or muster mailer nuking or taking such muster, that shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take the aid and assistance of such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer, where the soldiers to be mullered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and be discharged from his oflice; and no muster roll shall be allowed, un-less the fame be signed by the said mayor,-or other chief magistrate or officer respectively; but in case such mayor, chief magistrate or officer, shall not upon due notice given attend such muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster roll, without giving good sufficient reasons for such his refusal, that then the commissary may proceed to muster such regiment, troop, or company, without incurring the said penalty; and such muster roll shall be allowed, though not ligned as aforesaid j provided that oath be made before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace within forty eight hours after such muster, and the said muster roll shall then be produced and examined by the said justice of the peace, who is hereby required to sign the fame, if there shall appear to be no good or sufficient objection to the same.

XXIII. And be it further enactedffiy the authority aforesaid, That'if any person shall be falsely mullered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be mullered, upon proof thereof made upon oath by two witnesses before the next justice of the peace for the county, where such muster -shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in writing under the hand of the commissary as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such offender to the house of corre/lion, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any Iiorfc to be mullered, which shall not truly belong to the trooper so mullered, the said horse so falsely mullered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending

6 S a or

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

D. or furoifliing the said horse, or otherwise,the person furoifliing or leading the tud 8o. horse shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two witnesses f before the next justice of the peace, which twenty pounds shall be levied by war. rant under the hand and seal of the said justice byi distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the person so offending, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the pwner; and in case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattles, whereon dif-trcfs may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such penalty within four days after such conviction, then and in such case the justice of the peace shall and may by warrant under his hand and seal commit such offender to the common goal, there to remain without bait or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped at the discretion of such justice; and the said forfeiture shall be to such person or persons, that shall give information thereof, and the said informer or informers if belonging to the service shall have a right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commission officer, (tore keeper, or commissary, that shall embezzle or misapply, or cause to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully or through neglect suffer any provisions, forage, arms, cloathing, ammunition, or other military (lores to be spoiled or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court martial (which is hereby authorized and required to administer such oath) shall be forthwith dismissed Ills Majesty's service, and forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make good at his own expence the lot’s and damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such court martial, which (hill have power to seize the goods and chattles of the person so offending, and fell them for (he,payment of said one hundred pounds, and such damage; and if sufficient goods and chattles cannot be found and seized, then the person so offending shall be committed to prison or the common gaol, to remain six months without bail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; and after the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed, as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commissary of the mutters, or mutter matter making or taking a mutter, do make oath before the mayor or chief magistrate attending

3 t!ic

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 533

ihe making or taking such muster as aforesaid, if such mayor or chief magistrate A.D. so attending he a justice of the peace, or otherwise before some other justice of the 1779'^0, peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, (who is hereby authorized

and required to administer the same without fee or reward.) in manner and form following!

I A.B. it swear, that I Jaw at tht that of taking the within muster fitch miner lorfes, as are home and net respited an the muster rail, for which men or horses asigned certificate or certificates are not endorsed on the had of the roll, certify hg their being absent from the mufier by reason of being employed on feme other duty of the regiment, or tc-ingfid, inprtfon, or furlough, or at graft, or by a written leave, signed by the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or company.

which oath the said commissary or muster mailer is hereby directed to insert and subscribe on the back of the muster roll by him transmitted'into the office of the commissary general of - the musters.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pay mailer, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, or company, shall wilfully detain or withhold by theipaceof one month the pay of any officer or soldier, (cloaths and all other just allowances being deducted) after such pay shall be by him or them received, or if any officer, having received their soldiers pay, shall refuse to pay each respective noncommission officer and soldier their respective pay, when it shall become due, according to the several rates established by order of government, then upon proof thereof before a court martial as aforesaid to be held and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, clerk, or officer so offending1, shall be discharged from his employment, and shall forfeit to the informer upon conviction before the said court one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid -; and the informer (if a soldier) if he demands it, shall be and -is hereby discharged from any further service; any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding. And that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments and independent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions, as shall from time to time be given by his Majesty under his sign manual, or by his Majesty's chief governor or governors of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to tbferve and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from

You XI.

6 T

his

534 The nineteenth and twentieth Years (fGzoxgz III.

A.D.

his office, and be utterly disabled to hare or hold any such office in his Majesty’;

1779-80. service in this kingdom.

Chap. 16.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or commissary shall mutter any person by a wrong name knowingly,' upon con-vibtion thereof before a general court martial the said officer or commissary shall fuller such penalty, and in such manner, as is directed and inSifled by tins ail upon those, who shall make false mutters.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-commission officer, who shall be convicted at a general regimental court martial of having embezzled or misapplied any money, with which he may have been intruded for the payment of the men under his command, or for enlisting men into his Majesty's service, shall be reduced to serve in the ranks a9 a private soldier, and be put under stoppages, until the money be made good, and fuller such corporal punishment (not extending to life or limb) as the court martial shall think fit.

XXIX. And whereat soldiers being duly lifted do afterwards desert, and are often found wandering or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's service: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable of the town or place, where any person, who maybe reasonably suspected to be such a deserter,shall be found, toapprehend or cause himto be apprehended, and to cause such personto be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such respective person; and if by his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of said justice of the peace, it shall appear ot be found, that such suspebled person is a lifted soldier, and ought to be with the troop or company, to which he belongs, such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place, where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other publick prison in such town or place, where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to the provost, in case such deserter shall be apprehended in the city of Dublin or places adjacent, and transmit an account thereof to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against according to law: and the keeper of such gaol, house of coireblion, or

prison,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 535

prison, Hull receive the full subsistence of such deserter or deserters, during the A.D. time that he or they shall continue in such custody, for the maintenance of the 1,779"®°* said deserter or deserters, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account Ghayh 16. of the imprisonment of such deserter or deserters; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserter-as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace shall ifliic his warrant in writing to the collector or collectors of his Majesty's revenue in the distridk, where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the revenue by him collected into the hands of such person, who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings Hall be satisited by such collector or colle&ars, to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his account.

XXXI. Provided always, that if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing him to be such, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any arms, cloaths, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any soldier, or deserter, or any other person, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such cloaths to be exchanged, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace the said respective penalties of five pounds, and five pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the offender; one moiety of the said first mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the said last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong: and in case any such offender, who (h all be convifled as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingly received any arms, cloaths, caps, or any other furniture belonging to tile King *, or having eaufpd the colour of

6 T: such

-536 ‘The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D. ’such cloaths to be exchanged, contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have tuf-1779-80- ficient goods and chattles, whereon dillrcfs maybe made, to the value of the pe-Chap^ 16. na]t;cs rccovcrej against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction; then and in such case such justice of the peace shall and may by warrant under his hand and seal either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the'difetetion of such justice.

’XXXII. Provided always, That no commission officer shall break open any house to search for deserters without warrant from a justice of the peaces and that every commission officer, who shall without warrant from one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, (which said warrants the said justice or justices ate hereby impowered to grant) forcibly enter into or break open the dwelling bonfe or outhouses of any person whatsoever under pretence of searching for deserters, shall upon due proof thereof forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or soldier shall in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere out of this kingdom, desert from the corps to which he belongs, and come into this kingdom without the licence of his Majesty, or the commanding officer of the said corps, before he be tried by a court martial for such offence, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's justices of the peace in this kingdom, upon information, to him given, thereof upon oath, to issue his warrant for the apprehending any such officer or soldier, and to commit him to any of his Majesty's gaols in this kingdom, to the end that he may be transmitted to the corps'to which he belongs, to be tried for the said offence.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or ptt. tons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court martial for the fanie otherwise than by cafhicring.

XXXV. Provided also, That if any officer, non commission officer or soldier, shall be accused of any capital crimes, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of his Majesty's subjects, which Is punisha. ble by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of every regiment, troop, company, or party, is and are hereby re-

3 quired

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 537

quired to use his utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil A.D. magistrate, and also to be aiding and assistitig to the officers of justice in the seizing 1JJQ-So. and apprehending such offender in order to bring him to trial; and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where the fatt is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cafhtered, and be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next assizes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof to be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiments troop, or company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the executors and administrators of every officer or soldier for any of the pay of such officer or soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable demand made by such executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administrator of such sum or sums of money, as he or they shall have so respectively received for such officer or soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid) such executor or administrator paying for the same, and shall account with such executor or administrator for the fame; and that every such paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company offending herein, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons, who shall inform and sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any court of re. cord in Dublin, wherein no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, hill, plaint, or suit, shall be brought again! any person or persons for any act> matter, or thing, which shall be done in pursuance of this act, that it shall ami may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons sued as aforesaid to plead thereunto the general issue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such speci.il

matter

538 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the issue, which special matter lie.

charge; and if the verdict shall pass with the said defendant or defendants in any such action, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any dil. continuance thereof, that in every such case the justice or justices, or such other judge, before whom the said matter shall be tried, shall by force and virtue of this act allow unto the defendant or defendants his or their treble costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful vexation in defence of the f.ihl action or suit, for which the said defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases, where coils by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

XXXVIII. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill, plaint, action, or suit against any person or persons for any act, matter, or tiling, to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, or against any member or minister of a court martial in respect of any sentence of such court, or of any thing done by virtue or !n pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in some of the courts of record in Dublin, and in no other court whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall directly or indirectly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuade or procure any soldier or soldiers in the service of his Majesty, or of his heirs or successors, to desert, such person or persons so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit die sum of forty pounds to be recovered in any of the courts of record at Dublin.

XL. And to prevent as far as may be any onjult or fraudulent arrests, that may he made Upon soldiers, whereby his Majesty and the publick may he deprived of their service, he i t further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who is or shall be lilted, or who shall lilt and enter himfeir as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as a soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process or execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal matter, unless for a real debt, or other just cause of action, and unless before the taking out of such process ot execution (not being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plain-

1779-50. ing pleaded had been a good and sufficient matter in law to have discharget) die

tiffs

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 539

lilts therein, or tome other person or periods on his or their behalf, shall make af- A.D. fidarit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of which such process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sunt justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or Jefemlants in the action or cause of action, on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall he tfliicd out, amounts to the value of twenty pounds at lead over and above all colls of suit in the fame action, or in any otheraction on which the same shall be grounded; a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process or writ, for which memorandum or otth no fee shall be taken; and if any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more of the judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself or by any of his superior officers, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties or oikrwife, and by warrant under his or their hands and seals to discharge such fol-i!i;r so arrested contrary to the intent of this act without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them that such soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a soldier in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act; and also to award to the party so complaining such colts as such judge or judges dial) think reasonable; for the recovery whereof he shall have the like remedy, that the person, who takes out laid execution, might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his cods, in case judgment had been given for him with colts against the defendant in the said action.

XIX. And to the end that honest creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their just debts due to them from persons entered into and lifted in his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from suing for the fame, but on the contrary may he assisted and forwarded in their suits, and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service and occasion a great expellee and delay to themselves, may he enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap method, be it further unsifted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice (irft given in writing of the cause of action to such person or persons so entered, or left at his or their last place of residence before such lifting, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the 6 U 2 body

ly,y-ue.

Chap.

16.

54° The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this act or any thing herein,

1775-80- or any former law or statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Chap. 16.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from the passing of this act no soldier being arrested or confined for debt in anyprison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company, to which he shall belong.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforefiiil, That from and after the passing of this act, when and as often as any person or persons shall be eillifted as a soldier or soldiers in his Majesty's land service, he anil they shall within four days, but not; sooner than twenty four hours, after such cn-lifting respectively be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate, not being an officer in the army, and before such justice or chief magistrate, lie or they shall bt at liberty to declare his or their dissent to such enlisting; and upon such declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also the person so dissenting paying the sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate: but if such person or persons shall refuse or neglect within the space of twenty four hours to return and pay such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be eillifted, as if he or they had given his m their assent thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily entitled himself or themselves, then such justice or chief magistrate shall and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly entitled, felting fonh the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respectively, if known; awl that the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath mentioned in the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice ot chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every military officer, that shall act contrary hereto, or ostend herein, shall be calhicred-

6

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 541

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A.D. that if any person or persons shall receive the enlisting money 1779-80. from any officer, knowing it to be such, and shall abl'cond or Chap. 16. refuse to go before such justice or chief magistrate in order to declare his assent or dissent as aforesaid, such person or persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purpo- and abscond-fes whatsoe/er, and shall and may be proceeded against, as if lie j^andd"? or they had taken the oath directed by the said articles of war to be taken before such justice or chief magistrate. «i inlisttd,

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^'^ina af" that the officers or persons employed in the several trains of artille- ‘at, ry be at all times subject to the penalties and punishments men- tilltry rnbjeft turned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever be holden to *15 be within the intent and meaning of every part of this act.

XLVI. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases; and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested, that officers of the marines shall be associated with officers of the land forces for the purpose of holding courts martial: be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, that, when and as often as it may be necessary it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the land and marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts martial, and to proceed of land and_in the trial of any officer or soldier of the land forces in like co^naion'" manner to all intents and purposes, as if such courts martial were composed of officers of the land forces only, and the officers of to rank by the land and marine forces are in such cases to take rank according fcmoM>-to the seniority of their commissions in either service.

XLVII. And in order to prevent all doubts, that may arise in relation to punishing crimes and offences committed against any articles of war heretofore made by his Majesty for the government of his forces, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all crimes and offences, which have been committed against any articles of war heretofore made by his Majesty, shall against mi-and may be inquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged and punished, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, tried and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and the offences, committed against the present articles of war made by P«sent-his Majesty, may be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished.

XLVIII. Provided always, that no person shall be liable to be Noue trica tried and punished for any offence against any of the said articles of war, which shall appear to have been committed more than years before three yeaas before the issuing of the commission or warrant for trjd""lfor

)uch trial, except only for the offence of desertion. Vol, XI. 6 X

CHAP.

except for desertion.

542 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

1779-80. CHAP. XVII.

Ait aSf for the better regulating the corn trade of this kingdom.

Bounties now allowed on export, foall cease,

WHEREAS some further provisions are necessary for better regulating the com trade of this kingdom, and for the encouragement of the tillage thereof: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty the several bounties, which are now allowed by law upon the exportation of any sort of corn or grain ground or unground, shall cease and determine, and instead and in lieu thereof, when the prices of corn or grain hereafter mentioned (the fame being ascertained as herein after directed) shall appear to be under the rates herein after respectively mentioned at the ports or places in this kingdom, from whence the same shall be exported, there shall be allowed upon the exportation of such corn or grain either ground or unground, being the growth and product of this kingdom, and put on board in British or Irish 'irijkMt dipping, the mailer and at least two thirds of the mariners of master 5 such {hips being his Majesty's subjects, the following bounties, that is to say; when the price of middling Irish wheat shall be under forty four shillings English the quarter, EnglUh exportation measure, there shall be allowed a bounty of five IMlings English for every quarter, English exportation measure, of wheat, and five shillings English for every quarter, English exportation measure, of malt made of wheat; when the price of middling 3s. for rye, Irish rye shall be under twenty eight shillings English the quarter, '1% under English exportation measure, there shall be allowed a bounty of 3S9./w<)u»r- shillings English for every quarter English exportation measure of rye; when the price of middling Irish barley, bere, or quarter bigg, shall be under twenty two shillings the quarter, English barley, bere, exportation measure, there shall be allowed a bounty of two malt thereof, shillings and six pence English for every quarter English exportation' measure of barley, bere, or bigg, and two shillings and six pence English for every quarter English exportation measure of malt made of barley, bere, or bigg; and when the price of middling Iriflt oats shall be under fourteen shillings English the quarter English exportation measure, there shall be allowed a bounty of two shillings English for every quarter English exportation measure of oats, and two shillings and fix 3 . pence

instead thereof the bounties following, when prices under rates herein at places of ex* port.

of Iri/k growth,

z-^ds full-

58. per quarter for wheat and malt, when middling wheat under 44s. English /*r quarter,

when under 229.

when oats under 14s.

2s. per quarter, oatmeal 2$. 6d.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 54 3

pence English for every quarter English exportation measure of A.D. oatmeal, computed at the rate of two hundred and seventy six 1779-80. pounds avoirdupois to the quarter, Englifti exportation measure; Chap. 17. which laid respective bounties shall be paid and allowed as herein after directed. t" quarter

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that during foauioT the continuance of this act, provided the present war shall so

long continue, one moiety of the said respective bounties shall be of raid boun-allowed and paid on all the before mentioned kihds of grain, ground or unground, when exported in ships the property of jf persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, in nates in like manner as if exported in British or Irish shipping. am,tv‘

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Duty on several kinds of grain ground or unground, herein before mentioned, which shall be imported into any of the ports of this from Great kingdom, except from Great Britain, and being Of Britishi smfi growth, shall pay duty as follows, that is to say; wheat, wheat meal, or malt rtiade of wheat, when the price of the same shall meal, or malt, not exceed fifty three shillings and four pence English per quarter, ^0," English exportation measure, at the port or place of importation

quarter at the

in this kingdom, shall, it imported from any other country, pay port, a duty of sixteen shillings and eleven pence and twelve twentieths of a penny English per quarter, English exportation measure; and rye, except from Great Britain, and being of British growth, when not when the price of the same shall not exceed forty shillings English *'"VI +os-ftr quarter, Englifti exportation measure, shall, if imported from any other country, pay a duty of sixteen shillings and eleven pence and eleven twentieths of a penny Englifti per quarter, Englifti exportation measure; that barley, bere, or bigg, or malt here, or Ligy, made thereof, except from Great Britain, and being of British growth, when the price of barley, bere, or bigg, shall not ex- 32S-Coed thirty two shillings English per quarter, Englifti exportation measure, shall, if imported from any other country, pay a duty of sixteen shillings and eleven pence and eleven twentieths of a oats or jenny English per quarter, English exportation measure; and above" that oats or oatmeal, except from Great Britain, and being of

Britishi growth, when the price of oats shall not exceed sixteen (killings Englifti per quarter, English exportation measure, shall pay a duty of live shillings and ten pence and nineteen twentieths of a penny Englifti per quarter, Englifti exportation measure; peas, when and that peas, except from Great Britain, and being of Britishi abov'

growth, when the price of the same shall not exceed forty shillings Englifti per quarter, Englifti exportation measure, shall pay a duty of sixteen shillings and nine pence and four twentieths of

a penny

shall esquire on oath» and present rates of grain,

544 The nineteenth and twentieth yeah of George III.

A.D.

a penny English per quarter, English exportation measure; and 1779-80. that beans, except from Great Britain, and being of British Chap. 17. growth, when the price of the same shall not exceed thirty two beant,w shillings English per quarter, English exportation measure, shall above 32s Pay a duty 011 importation into this kingdom from any other country of sixteen shillings and eight pence and fourteen twentieths of a penny English per quarter, English exportation mea-appfcdtf" sure; the produce of the said duties to be applied towards the raid bounties, payment of the bounties herein before mentioned.

Grandju- JV. And to the end that the rates and prices of grain ground

rics every or unground may be known and ascertained for the guidance te" Mons,ar and direction of the exporter and collector or other officer in receiving the duties as well as paying the several premiums on exportation as aforesaid, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the grand jury of every county, county of a city, and county of a town within this kingdom at every general quarter sessions shall esquire upon oath and present the true rates and prices respectively of all the said kinds of grain ground or unground within the several counties, counties of cities, and counties of confirmed towns at the times of such quarter sessions 5 which preferment, j? "P"1 W" being confirmed by the justices of the peace in open sessions, is to deemed the continue and be deemed and taken as the estimates and values of such grain ground or unground in receiving the duty, and paying the premiums on exportation, until the next general quarter sessions.

Clerks of V. Provided always, and be it efia&ed by the authority afore-ijenccin 1+ said, that the clerks of the peace of the said counties, counties of confirming cities, and counties of towns respectively, where such present. M transmit ments shall be made and confirmed, do in fourteeen days after

copies to

commission- confirming thereof transmit to the commissioners of his Majes-nue°fre'c' ty’s revenue in Dublin true and exact copies under their hands and seals respectively of such presentments from time to time; and if any clerk of the peace shall neglect so to do, he shall forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every such neglect the sum of twenty pounds, being thereof convicted by indictment at the assizes in the county, wherein he is or was clerk of the peace at the time of confirming such presentment.

On default Prided always, that if the grand jury of any county,

of present- county of a city, or county of a town, shall fail to make such fimiVs.Kfu- prclentment at every general quarter sessions, or if the justices lated by of the peace shall fail to confirm the fame in open court, as

average prices . 1

at hit nwtkit herein before directed, then the prices of all the said kinds of p'ing.re gra‘n ground or unground, shall be regulated by the average

values 'till the next.

or forfeit 20l. on conviction at assizes.

price;

f he nineteenth and iiventieth years of George III. 5

prices at, which they shall be respectively sold at the publick A.D. market at or nearest to the port or place, from whence such grain 1779-80. shall be intended to be exported on the last market day preceding Chap. 17, the shipping of such grain. >—-v—

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that to Expbrte intitle him and them to receive the said bounties every merchant 10

or other person, who shall strip any of the said kinds of grain certificate «f ground or unground with intent to export the fame beyond the ly*"4 leas, shall bring or cause to be brought a certificate in writing proved on under his or their hands, containing the quantity and quality of the grain ground or unground, so shipped, to the collector, or other person or persons appointed or to be appointed to collect the duties or rates arising by customs within any such port j and upon proof made of such certificate by one or more credible witnel's or witness'es upon oath (which oath the said collector or other officer is hereby authorized and required to administer) as also annexing an affidavit of such certificate that the said grain, ground or

j*/i*j*i* v ® affidavit

unground, is shipped with intent to export the fame, and not to annexed of reland the fame or any part thereof in the ifiands of Guernsey or ")p0"rt l"n4 Jersey, or the island of Faro or Ferro, or the Isle of Man; which not torebiu, affidavits shall be sworn before the said collector or officer, and upon giving bond by every such merchant or other person in the or penalty of double the value of such grain ground or unground, and wa so shipped, conditioned that the said grain, ground or unground, ra^""hle the (danger of the seas excepted) shall be exported into parts beyond fed"c7pr<:d the seas, and not be again landed in this kingdom of Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or the island of Faro or Ferro, or the Isle of Man, except in case the ship or ships, in which it if on da-shall be on board, receive damage, whereby the unlading the SgKntcei&rr, fame becomes necessary, that in such case the said grain ground (Tula'll or unground shall be again with all convenient speed shipped and trans-and transported according to the true intent of this act, every pontl1’ such merchant or other person performing the requisites afore- payment bn said shall have and receive from the collector or officer of such perfuming port reflectively the rates, allowances, premiums, or bounties herein before provided.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that upon certificate returned under the common seal of the chief magi- neateof Urate in any port or place beyond the seas, or under the hands "’ff' and seals of two known merchants of such port or place where k*«» ">«-fuel) grain, ground or unground, shall be landed, that the fame JjjXa was there landed, and the day, month, and year of so landing uatl' °r!or

' ,* . 0 more wit-

the fame, or upon proof by one or more credible witness or wit- ncflijofhe-Vot. XI. 6 Y ncllcs

vcred to ex* porter.

payments by collector allowed in accounts.

5^6 The nineteenth and twentieth years o/ George III.

A.D.

nesses upon oath (to be administered as aforesaid) that the said 1779-80. grain, ground or unground, so Ibipped was then and there land-Chap. 47. ed, or that the fame was taken by enemies or perithed in the ^Xrpe^ sea (the examination and proof thereof being left to the judg-t ment of such collector or officer) such proof being made and collcflorjsaid certificate delivered to the officer, who took such bond as afore-bond deli- the said bond shall be delivered to the exporter or his or

her order to be cancelled without fee or reward; and all and every such sum or sums of money, as shall have been paid by such collector or officer in obedience to this act, shall be accepted of in his accounts as so much paid to his Majesty's use, and he be thereof discharged accordingly.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from land carriage and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand /even Irariffeid°~ hundred and eighty the following savings be made in the bounty bounties, on the inland carriage of com, meal, flour, and malt to Dublin towards the payment of the bounties herein before mentioned; that is to say, that during the continuance of this act no bounty no bounty whatever shall be payable on any flour, with respect addedtothe’ to which the com factor or person felling the fame, and claim-oath, that ing bounty for it, shall not add to the oath to be taken before the

everyhun- 0 * i-j

dred (for paymaster of the com premiums or his deputy, that each and every hundred of flour, for which the bounty is claimed, was good merchantable flour, and that each and every hundred of said flour, and not merely the average thereof, did actually and bona Jide fell without any practice or collusion for the full sum

Savings in bounty on in*

which claims ed) and not merely the average, actually fold for 6s. per 100, and good and merchant* able.

Of six shillings an hundred at the Least.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that dur-No bounty ing the continuance of this act no bounty whatever shall be "fa'cofmak Paie*on the land carriage of malt to Dublin, unless there shall to Dublin, be added to the oath to be taken before the paymaster of the

corn premiums or his deputy by the person orperlbns, who shall barrel of 12 claim any premium or bounty for malt so brought, the words furei+bu- following, (videlicet) that every barrel of said malt of twelve

S$f/fgood measures four bushels Winchester measure; as also.that

chanTabic ea(-h barrel of the said malt, for which bounty is so claimed, and cach/not was good and merchantable, properly manufactured, well fereened actuary’for^ anc* cleaned; and that each and every barrel of said malt, and barrel. not merely the average thereof, did actually and bona jide fell without any practice or collusion for the full sum of seven fiiil* lings by the barrel at the lead.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid; that from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty until the expiration of this act the bounty, payable on the land carriage of dour of wheat to Dublin, shall not exceed two pence by the hundred for every five miles, and that the bounty payable on the land carriage of wheat shall not exceed one penny by the hundred for evety five miles; and that the bounty payable on the land caariage of malt to Dublin shall not exceed two pence by the hundred for evety five miles, during the said term.

XII. Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to lessen the amount of the bounties now payable on the carriage of corn, meal, malt, and flour to the city of Dublin by any inland canal.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall continue and remain in force until the twenty fourth day of june one thousand seven hundred and eighty three, and no longer.

547

A.D.

1779-80.

Bounty of land carriage of flour of wheat to Dublin shall. not excccdad. wheat id. male id. per 100 every 5 miles.

Not to lessen bounties on carriage to Dublin by canal.

Continued to 24 June 1783.

CHAP. XVIII.

An uft to empower grand juries to contrast for keeping the publick roads in repair.

WHEREAS it will tend to lessen the expence of keeping publick roads in repair, if the grand juries of the respect live counties shall be impowered to agree or contract with proper persons to keep the roads, for which presentments have been granted, in constant repair.: be it enacted by the King’s mofl: excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty the grand juries-of the several counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, except the county of Antrim, at each assizes for their respective counties shall have full power and authority to enter into any contract or agreement with any person or persons for keeping any part or proportion of the publick roads of their respective counties, that have been heretofore made or repaired by presentment, or shall hereafter be made or repaired by presentment, in sufficient order and repair for any l'pace of time not exceeding seven years j which contract or agreement shall be signed by the parties, with whom the grand juries of laid counties shall make the fame, and shall be delivered over to the clerk of the crown, to be by him kept with the

Gramlju-ries, except fox Antrim^ may at aflizei contract for keeping in repair any parts of pttMfck road# repaired by freientment,

not above 7 yea*.

flgmd by panics, deliver (1 to crown clerk*

548 the mneteeitth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

the records of the said counties; and that the grand juries of 1779-80. said counties shall have full power and authority to present any Chap. 18. sum of money to be levied and raised off die inhabitants of the respective baronies or half baronies in said counties, and of the respective counties of cities and counties of towns, to be paid to the person or persons with whom they shall make such contract or agreement j provided the same shall not exceed the sum of three pence by the year for each perch, plantation measure, of road so to be kept in repair, and so for a greater or less proportion of road.

II. Provided always, that no part of the money lb presentei shall be paid by the treasurer of said county j until such contractor or coiitraftors shall make affidavit before the judge of alike, that such proportion of road is at that time in sufficient order and repair, until such affidavit shall be allowed and passed by the then grand jury and judge of assize.

G 3 c 2t /. And whereas by an act passed in the seventeenth and a._eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, intitled, An fajnt’rim to explain and amend an act passed in the thirteenth and fair-r^rtpa'? teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intitled. An all fir roads as here- amending publick roads, the grand juries of the county of An-Mamdiar trim are empowered to present any sum, not exceeding two pence v>d.peranmm halfpenny by the perch of road, for the keeping in repair <if which plantation a contract or agreement had been entered into: And whereas

tneafure. the say sum has been found insufficient: therefore be' it cn-

and present not ex cecding 3d. per annum .‘per perch plantation measure.

Not paid

till affidavit of'contrac-for of being M sufficient repair and allowed,

17 dr 18

scot to extend to Dub’ lift county or

acted by the authority aforesaid,' that from and after the M day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty it shall and may be lawful for the grand juries of said county of Antrim at their respective assizes, if they shall judge it fit and proper, and not otherwise, to enter into any contract or agreement with any person or persons for keeping any part or proportion of the publick roads in said county in repair in the manner prescribed by this act, provided the lame shall not exceed the sum of nine pence by the year for each perch plantation measure of road lb to be kept in repair, and so for a greater or lesser proportion of road.

IV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall tend to the county or the county of the city of Dublin.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 549

A.D.

CHAP. XIX. 1779-80,

An act to prevent combinations, and for the further encouragement of trade.

IN order to secure to every man the full enjoyment of that All combi-property he has in his own labour, to find employment for the industriousi and bread for the poor, and to extend through- ters or jour-out tills ancient kingdom all the benefits of free trade, be it en- KuK-i'j, acted and declared by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that all and every fort of combinations in ougllt to trade as well among maftfer manufacturers as among journey- suppreflid, men are publick nuisances, and ought to be suppressed; and officers should that it is the duty of all sheriffs, mayors, justices of the peace, constables, and other civil magistrates and officers, to oppose and persons con-prosecute to conviction and punishment all persons, who shall c L ‘ hencefortli be concerned in the same.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the fol- Arts «/-lowing acts shall be considered as evidences of unlawful combi- i^fJi°/om-' nation, and sufficient for the conviction of any person, who shall Jy°"’ be guilty of the fame, viz. the becoming or henceforth conti- convict, nuing to be of any club, committee, or other assembly or society c|u^‘u|°ffor for regulating the concerns of trade, or any other matter relative i^uhting. to the fame, other than as such clubs, committees, assemblies, ^,'4"" " orfocieties are agreeble to law j the levying, or assisting in levy- j or ine, demanding or collecting any money or contribution's from uHUting there-

*_° 1 . 1 1 - \ r »'» conlnbu-

any master, employer, undertaker, journeyman, or other person t\on to sup. by authority of or for the support of any such club, committee, assembly, alTociation, or combination, or for supporting any re- gelations, or gulation made or to be made by any such society or combina- asa |H"’ tion, or as a fine or penalty imposed by the fame, or the seizing fazing or taking away any implement of work or other pledge, distress Xy fj/" orsecurity, for such contribution, assessment, or fine; or the compelling or attempting to compel the payment thereof by compelling force, threat, menace, or by any punishment, or by refilling to w1’ work with, or fuller to work, any person refilling to pay such ' refilling contribution or fine, or with any master employing such person

the restraining or attempting to restrain by any means any '"1[]'jlu)'."rs of person from taldng any apprentice or number of apprentices, he such, may judge convenient to employ, or the refilling to work with Rllr'’"ns

6 Z

taking np-flicll premias, or to walk will* such,

preventing exercising trade or forking,

new machine' *h

destroying Or injuring materials or

550 the nineteenth and twentieth years df George III.

A.D.

such person or those employing him on that account-, thepre-1779-80. vehting or attempting to prevent any native of any part of this Chap. 19. kingdom, or any foreigner, or any woman from exercising any trade, or working at any branch of business, other titan as they are restrained from so doing by the law of the land, or the particular charter law of any corporation, such prevention also to law or charter he made in a legal method only, and according to the known andkgai me- process of the civil power, and by persons qualified by law to preventing make the fame; the unlawful preventing or attempting to prevent the introduction or use of any machinery, or new instrument or implement of trade, or any new method of carrying on any work, so that any man may be obstructed from the full exercise and benefit of his ingenuity or /kill, or of the ingenuity or contrivance of others; the wilfully and maliciously destroying or injuring, dr attempting to destroy or injure, the manufac-Br°prcvcnring tures> implements, materials, or flock in trade of any manu-from carrying facturer, merchant, shop keeper, or warehouse keeper, or other fmmCny0" person employed in trade, or the unlawful preventing or attempt-place, ing to prevent such person from freely carrying any of the said articles to or from any market, or to or from any place whatso-making bye ever. the making byelaws or orders pretending to regulate aws 0 regu traj^ or the price of goods, or the price of labour, or of wages, or for advancing the price of wages, or for lessening the usual hours of work -, the entering into, continuing ia, acting under, making, signing, sealing, or being knowingly concerned in any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye law, ordinance, Ulepffocicty, ru^e or or<ier any dub, society, or combination by law declar-departinp ed to be illegal, null, or void j the departure of any undertaker, journeyman, or apprentice from his service before the end of the time or term, of which he is or shall be hired or retained, or the quitting his work for the space of three days, or returning his said work before the same shall be completely finished, without consent, un- the consent of the person by whom he shall be employed or re-‘ r..n.mn'L;ni; tained, unless for some reasonable and sufficient cause; the sum-mcctingtot0 moning, giving notice of, or otherwise inviting, or caufingto confute on be summoned or invited, any artificer, manufacturer, journey-kbouroTrc- man, apprentice, labourer, or other person usually employed in trad^or"7 any branch of any trade, manufacture, or business, to appear at fons employ- any meeting in order to enter into or consult on any combina-tion, rule, agreement, or association, to ascertain or fix the price of labour or workmanship, or to make any rule, order, or regulation in any wise respecting any trade, manufacture, or business, or the persons employed or to be employed therein; the a administerifig

late trade, prices, wages, or work hours,

knowingly concerned m contract, or

service before the time, ’quitting work 3 days, returning

workunfimih-cd without

The nineteenth mid twentieth years of George III. 55!

lilministering or causing to be administered any oath or declara- A.D. tionto any such manufacturer, artificer, journeyman, appren- 1779-80. tite, or labourer, or other person, tending to fix the price of wa- Chap. ig. gfs or labour, or workmaiiship, or tending to fix upon or make ^2Torde-anyrule, order, agreement, or regulation, respecting any trade) manufacture, or business, or the persons employed or to be em- price uf la-ployed therein; the issuing or causing to be issued, delivering or g "^gu. causing to be delivered, any ticket, certificate, or token (other 13" traJc or than and except such ticket or certificate as shall or may be de- Jtyed,tm livered by the order of the corporation, whereof such person is a ccr't'^'te0if. member) of his being licensed to work at his or their respective Hcvnce.to trade or trades; the making or joining in making any unlawful byorder'vf* rule, order, or agreement, or regulation, relating to the prices or wages of labour or workmanship, or in any particular relating joining m unto any trade, manufacture, or business; or the delivering or l,"to p*«or causing to be delivered to any person whatsoever any ticket, to- K~

ken, printed advertisement, or writing, containing any rules, re- trade, gulations, or agreements, or rule, regulation, or agreement, entered into or to be entered into by any artificer, journeyman, «rtisement or labourer, touching or concerning any trade, manufacture, or rfSor" business, or any table or general regulation of price; or the tal making or a (filling in making or iri carrying into execution any or in execu-such table or general regulation; the hindering or attempting "c ta" to hinder by force, menaces, or otherwise, any manufacturer or , 1,inilcri,ns

tl 4 I PA "°m

labourer from working at his or their respective trade at such at legal prices prices as shall be ascertained by law, or as he or they shall agree cmpToy-for with their respective employers or matters,- or at such par- ers orat work ticular work as such employers or masters shall direct in dn^rojrting. their respective trades or callings; the corrupting or endeavouring to corrupt, or by threats or other means influencing or endea- leave work or routing to influence, apprentices to neglect their work, or to leave "'dcu’n-ing their masters, and tire deterring or endeavouring to deter per- fron' '.tiding

0 0 apprentices,

suns from binding any young perfofts under their care appren- or journey-tices to any branch of business; the deterring or endeavouring to deter journeymen or others to go in the place of any others who may have turned out or left their work, or on any other ac- ment, count from entering into any other manufacturer or undertaker’s obstruaing employment; the obstructing any apprentice from learning his trade, or from working with the journeyman or journeymen working’ with employed by the matter of such apprentice; the unlawfully af- "Ambling, fembling in any number exceeding seven persons for any purpose abo,c 7 of combination, or carrying any such into execution, or making tion. or enforcing any regulation relative to the same.

10.

cited,

52 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1n And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1779-80. that from henceforth it shall and may be lawful for every ma-nufacturer, as well journeyman as matter, to take as many ap-Jouraeyman prentices male or female as he may think fit in any trade within take asmany7 kingdom, whether such matter or apprentice be protestant apprentice*, or papist, any statute, usage, custom, charter, bye law, order, wheUicr^maf- or regulation to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sce°i»otef" And it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority

tant or papist. aforesaid, that henceforth all rules, bye laws, and regulations contraband contrary to these provisions, and all oaths for obeying or carry-oaths for e«- big bito execution the fame, shall be considered as null and

cuting, void. ®

void.

31 G.i. c. V. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty first year of

1.13. re- reign of £ing George the second it is amongst other things enacted, that if any person or persons shall by day or by night break into any house or shop with intent to cut or destroy any fustian, cotton, woollen, mohair, or silk goods in the loom, or any tools employed in the making thereof, or shall wilfully or maliciously cut or destroy any fustian, cotton, woollen, mohair, or silk goods in the loom, or on the rack on which any of the aforesaid goods are hanged in order to dry, and shall wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any tools used in making goods, not having the consent of the owner so to do, every such offender being thereof lawfully convicted shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy 5 the provisions of which act by another act passed in extended by the thirty third year of his said Majesty's reign are extended to 33^?. 2. c. 5. persons breaking or entering by force into any house or shop with intent to cut or destroy any linen, hempen, or cotton yarn, or any linen or hempen cloth, or any manufacture made of or mixed with linen or hempen yarn, or any tools employed in the making thereof, or any bay or woollen yarn, or any manufacture wherein any bay or woollen yarn shall be used or wrought up, or any tools employed in the making thereof; or who M wilfully or maliciously cut or destroy any linen or hempen, cotton or woollen, manufacture, or any manufacture made or mixed with linen, hempen, cotton, or woollen yarn, or shall wilfully and maliciously break and destroy any tools used in the making ^to extend of the fame, not having the consent of the owner so to do: And therein fur- whereas it is expedient to extend the provisions of the said act ouierbinu- further, and to other manufactures: be it enacted by the au-faflurei, thority aforesaid, that from henceforth, if any person shall by into house or day or by night break into any house or shop, or enter by force

The nineteenth ami twentieth years of George III.

53

into any house or shop, with intent to cut or destroy any manu- A.D. failure of iron, leather, or other manufacture made within this 1779-80. kingdom for publick sale, or any tools employed in the making Chap. 19. thereof, or shall wilfully or maliciously cut or destroy any of the ih^QQit'ur laid manufactures, or shall wilfully and maliciously break or de-,dlro)’ "T

n . J r in iiumuntture

stroy any tools used in the making of the fame, or shall so break or the tools, or destroy any mill, engine, or device for tile making or per- td(^TS-fefting or to be employed in any manufacture, or shall aid, af- gi"cformak' fist, or abet any person concerned therein, or shall so break, in- '"ading or jure, or destroy any such manufactures on any highway or road (or at any publick house or inn) where the fame may be carried the road, towards the city of Dublin, or the port thereof, or any other part or place for consumption, or for exportation, not having the consent of the owner so to do, or shall wilfully and malici- to maim or oiifly maim or wound any person concerned in carrying on any r" mn-" manufacture on account of his working at or being concerned in ccrllcJ' the fame, or any person concerned in using, carrying, or protecting any of the said manufactures, or any such mill, engine, or device, or shall in conference of any combination, or the breach of any order, rule, or regulation of the fame, horse, colt, or horse» carry in proce/fion, wound, or maim, or endanger the life of any ^.^0" journeyman, apprentice, or other person employed in any ma- endanger nufacture, every such offender being thereof lawfully convicted' Z cm’ic-(hall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy. ‘.'u,l/u,r'r

J <k‘ath as m

VI. And whereas by an act made in the fifteenth and fix- felony, teenth years of his present Majesty's reign it is recited, that i$stioG. feral persons had frequently in a riotous, disorderly, and tu-muituous manner assembled, and taken upon themselves to ob- f.rfitiifadi-Jlruct the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, and flour, ^,-,l'r0r and have destroyed, mills, granaries, and storehouses; therefore "l,ll'^t?e it is enacted thereby, that satisfaction and amends shall be made grain, amt to every person for every such injury and damage, to be recover-c<l from the county where such offence shall have been committed, which act has been found to have the desired effect: and whereas it has frequently happened of late years, that several on r;otoue persons as well by night as in the day time have in a riotous, disorderly, and tumultuous manner assembled themselves, and gigg mills, have taken on themselves to obstruct the erecting or making, or working of gigg mills, swivel looms, and other machines, vimformn-engines, and devices for the cheaper, more expeditious, and ti,c goods a»J better finishing of manufactures, whereby the poor manufactu-rers of this kingdom (disabled from working on the fame terms bhn)ttn,ii«f

\ry j. - a»‘l p‘>rk bar*

\ fi L, XI. / A With refs, &c. jrtirn

554 7i&« nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

with their rivals in other countries) are disqualified from reap* 1779-80. ing the benefits of a free trade in foreign markets; and such Chap. 19. persons have also taken on themselves to destroy or damage such jnOotiicr' gigg mills, swivel looms, and other machines, engines, and tie-v*ces> as a t*ie g00(i3 or manufactures made in the fame, ami madepeti- the materials collected for working therein, and have also at zeT or"r?" other times presumed to destroy woollen cloths and blankets, renting term beef and pork barrels, and other goods of a like nature, when county, or brought or bringing into the city of Dublin, on account that quarter feili- t|le fame ilati n0£ been made in the city of Dublin or the fob-

nns for the , n J

city, retting urbs thereof, and have alto destroyed yarn, and other produc-jun-1,11'artisu"- tions of this country for exportation or confuiiiption, or to be 'm'bTof wr0l,sht l, P 01’ matie use of in some other manufacture; In offenders, order to prevent for the future such outrages and offences, and and ercriptu to ‘nteieft ah orders of men in the preservation of the publick on of others, peace, and the protection of private property, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that satisfaction and amends may be made ill manner herein after mentioned to all and every person, his, her, or their executors or administrators, for all and every injury and damage, which shall be done or committed again/! his, her, or their person or persons, habitations, possessions, property, goods, or chattles, by any offender or offenders again! this act, or in any of the particulars herein before mentioned; and that any person or persons, his, her, or their executors or administrators, who shall sustain any injury, loss, or damage by any of the offences herein before mentioned, may lue for and recover satisfaction and amends for (lie injury, loss, or damage, incurred or fullered as aforesaid, at the next assizes to be held for the county where such offence was committed, or if in the county of Dublin at the next presenting term, or if in the city of Dublin at the next quarter sessions for the said city, by exhibiting to the judge or judges of assize, or to the court of king’s bench for the said county of Dublin, or to the recorder of the city of Dublin if at such quarter sessions, his, her, or their petition praying such satisfaction and amends for the injury, Ipfs, or damage sustained as aforesaid, and therein setting forth particularly the injury or damage done to his, her, or their pet-ion, habitation, property, goods, or chattles, and the particular value thereof, by what number of persons, he, file, or they believe, such injury or damage was done or committed, with the names or descriptions of such of said offenders as he, she, or they shall know, and such particular description of such others examined of them as he, she, or they can give; and the matter thereupon

in court in Pj;!l

Tbs nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 5 5

shall be examined By such judge or judges of assize, or court A.D.

of king’s bench, or recorder, in open court in the presence of 1779-S0.

the grand jury impannelled and sworn at such assizes or ipre- Chap. ig\

tenting term or sessions, on the oath of the party assaulted or gnoTj^s

injured as aforesaid, and such other evidence as can be produced

touching the said offences according to the nature thereof; and or other evi-

if on confutation of the matter such judge or judges of assizes dc"f proved,

(lull be of opinion, that the person or persons preferring such s11 J"tv . r , r , r J , i lha" Present

petition hath or have fully proved the several matters aforesaid, such foms, a,

and the value of the injury or damage sustained as aforesaid, °Luc^'cj° f'r so as to intitle him, her, or them to satisfaction and amends, the injury, on the said grand jury shall thereupon and they are hereby required £'coum>’ pursuant to the directions of such judge or judges as aforesaid to present such sum or sums of money, as the person or persons so assaulted or injured in his, her, or their person, habitation, possession, property, goods, or chattles, ought in their opinion to have and receive for the loss, injury or damage by him, her, or them sustained as aforesaid, to be raised either on the county, county of a city, or town, barony, town or towns, parish or parishes, in or near which such offence shall have been committed, and in such proportions as they shall think fit: which sums applottni so presented as aforesaid shall be applotted, levied, and raised by ubilcfc such ways and means, and in such manner and form, as other """'i-’ publick money presented at the said assizes, or presenting terfn, or sessions, shall be applotted, levied, and raised within such county or city pursuant to the laws now in force.

VII. Provided, that if any person or persons shall find him- Traverse, if self, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any presentment to be

made in pursuance of this act, such person or persons, in case the sum so presented do exceed the sum of five pounds, shall or ,-;cd may at the said assizes, or presenting term, or sessions, traverse the fame; which traverse shall be tried at the fame or the next ensuing assizes, presenting term, or sessions, as the judge or judges, who shall allow the fame, shall think fit; and if on such ;r follnd for traverse the issue shall be found for the traverser, such prefertt- dif' meat shall be discharged, otherwise the same shall be final and other'wife conclusive to all persons.

VIII. Provided always, that every person or ersons applying Notice in for such presentment shall by himself, herself, or themselves, or tJr '"or"reafo-by some person or persons for or on his, her, of their behalf, nnblotimeiif-within forty eight hours after such injury or damage dorie or committed as aforesaid, or within a reasonable time after he, (he, Plact<

or they shall be at liberty, give notice thereof unto some of the

inhabi-

556 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1nhabitants, or some town or village, or street, near unto the 1779-80. place where such fact shall be committed, and shall within fix Chap. 19. jays after such fact committed give notice to the high constable of the barony, and to the church wardens of the parish, where dayfttb|h'E'd shall be alledged to be committed (if such high confta-

Aurch war. ble and church wardens shall respectively reside within such drat’harony and parish) who are hereby required forthwith to pub-who stall ]i(h the fame in such barony or parish where the lame shall be jrablish the":" so alledged to have been committed; and that also within fix examinati- days after such notices, lo given as aforesaid, either the person

ononoathin6 1 . ’ 0. ,r

days after no- or persons so injured shall give his, her, or their examination I parties,y fcr- upon oath, or ^at examination upon oath shall be given by ! vants, family, his, her, or their servant or servants, or family, or other person ployed in the or persons employed by them, who were in his, her, or their rare thereof, house, or who had the care of his, her, or their habitation,

before a ma-9’

tistrate of the possession, property, goods, or chattles, before some justice of place, ax. peace inhabiting within the said county or city, where such

fast shall have been committed, or, if the same shall be committed in any city, county of a city, or town corporate, before the chief magistrate or some alderman, or justice of the peace of speeifying the fame, thereby specifying whether he or she do know the personow'ofon? f°n or persons, who committed said fact, or any of them, and ders, if upon such examination it shall be confessed, that he, flic or recognizance ’ they do known the person or persons, who committed said fact, to prosecute. or any of them, then he, fixe, or they shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute such offender or offenders by indictment or otherwise according to the laws of this kingdom.

Every pre-

IX. Provided also, that every presentment, hereafter to be made

virtue of this act, shall be made at the next assizes, or pre-after the fist, fertting term, or feflkms after the fact committed, and shall be that due no*- read in open court, and shall not be made at any other assizes, beforeor presenting term, or session, unless such fact shall be commit-day, ted so near the time of holding such assizes or presenting term or sessions, that due notice cannot be given before the first day of such assizes, or presenting term, or sessions, according to the in which direction of this act j in which case it shall and may be lawful enfuingtl e ^or the Person or persons, who shall have sustained liich injury or damage, to prefer his, her, or their petition, and to obtain such after due Presentment at the next ensuing assizes, or presenting term, or notice. sessions, after such due notice shall be given as aforesaid.

Present- X' Provided also, that no such presentment shall at any time ment not re- be removed, or the prosecution [thereon otherwise delayed, than Uyedf favcliy by such traverse as aforesaid, and that for such time only as shall

traverse, be

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 5 57

be necessary for the trial of such traverse; nor shall any such A.D. presentment be at any time quashed for any informality, imper- 1779-80. Won, or defect in form whatsoever. Chap. 19.

XI. Provided also, that undertakers shall be considered as and only mailers in every part of this act, so far as respects the jour-

neymen employed by them. for form.

XII. And be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid takwlwmif-to be the duty and office of all chief mazistrates and justices of ten as to the

1 .... t , journeymen.

the peace diligently to attend to the execution of this act, and Magistratce

to examine, whether the persons carrying on trade have conform-

ed in all particulars thereunto. ih'" d"n'’

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, conform, that wherever there shall be found any particular act of unlaw- pu'J'7nt° fat combination either of mailers or journeymen, for which no pointed out, specifck punishment is pointed out by this or any other act, it mayfumma-shall and may be lawful for any chief magistrate or justice of '*Ve»n«nr, the peace within their respective jurisdictions in a summary manner to examine into and determine the fame, and to fine every and fine on person who shall be so convicted by the testimony upon oath

of one or more credible witness or witnesses or by the confef- k*on, lion of persons charged with such offences, if a mailer, in any ;rmatter fnm not exceeding five pounds, and if a journeyman or other notabow *l

P *. r r n Journey,nan

inferior artificer in any sum not exceeding forty shillings, one or inferior moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other to 40,oinformer the poof of the parish in which such offence shall have been a,dri,epom, committed; and, in case the fine so imposed shall not be paid, to committal commit the offender to bridewell, house of correction, or com- 3 mon goal of the place, where such offence shall be committed, for any space of time not exceeding three months.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Nomagi-wherever any sentence of conviction shall be pronounced under this act by the authority of any single alderman or justice of the peace, such justice muff be a person not concerned in that plaint refers, particular branch of trade, to which the complaint, on which lhaUfcn«n«-such conviction is to be grounded, refers; and that no magistrate in such case shall pronounce sentence as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that any Employer mailer or employer, who shall retain in his service any under-

taker or journeyman, and shall deliver to him a warp of new w»piowci« drapery to weave, or set in the loom, and shall not furnilli him ami'wpl"’ with materials to finish the fame, but shall for want of such "J,c 3 materials keep him, or Cause him to be kept idle three days, from materials, the time he enters the said work in the loom, such mailer or nfji/0 Yd. XI. 7 B employer, <lay as could

55^ T&e nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

employer, being thereof convicted upon oath before any jut 1779*8*0. tice of the peace, shall for every such neglect pay or caoii to be paid to such workman so kept idle so much rateably ftr day as he could have earned on such work, if he had been regularly supplied with materials, and as shall appear reasonable to any justice of the peace, to whom complaint shall be made there-of, to be levied by the warrant of such justice of the peace by distress of the goods of the offender.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person shall think him or herself aggrieved by the determination of any justice of the peace or magistrate acting under this act, it shall and may be lawful for such person to appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county or county of the city, in which the offence shall be charged to have been committed, and such court of quarter lef-lions shall finally determine such appeal.

XVII. Provided nevertheless the person making such appeal|shall within two days next after his or her conviction enter into 1

in 2 days by a recognizance together with one sufficient surety before the magistrate, from whose sentence he shall appeal, or any other justice of the peace, in a sum not exceeding twenty pound conditioned to appear at such quarter sessions to prosecute appeal, otherwise such appeal to be of no effect to suspend the I execution of the sentence appealed from.

earned, levied by distress on warrant.

Appeal from a ma* gistrate to quarter fef* Cons.

Recogai*

appellant to appear and prosecute.

CHAP. XX.

An Act for the better regulation of the -woollen manufacture of ill;

17 & 18 C. 2. c. 15. recited,

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of king Charles the second, intitled, An act for the true making of all forts of cloth, calleil (ft ltd drapery and new drapery, and the true searching and fteki thereof by his Majesty's alnager within this kingdom, it was enacted, that all cloths, half cloths, and pieces of cloths, kersies, frizes, cottons, rugs, and all other cloths called the old drapery, and also all bayes, fayes, serges, fustians, stuffs, and other commodities whatsoever made of wool, part of wool, cotton, or odierwifs called or known by the name of the new drapery , should be of the length, breadth, and weight in the said act mentioned: and his Majesty's alnager by the said act by himself or his lawful or sufficient deputy or deputies, substitute or substitutes, is an-3 thorized

J

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. $59

Ihorized and required to measure, view, try, weigh, and search A.D. all the said broad cloths, kersies, frizes, stuffs, baizes, cottons, 1779-80.. fayes, serges, fustians, rugs, and all other cloths and commo- Chap. 20. dities whatsoever to be made of wool, part of wool, cotton, or ' *v" ‘ otherwise, commonly called the old and new drapery, whether the fame be of the length, breadth, and weight appointed, and be made, wrought, and dressed without ft raining or stretching by any engine, instrument, or device whatsoever; and in case the same shall be found merchantable, good, and lawful wares, to seal or mark the fame; and, if the lame be found defective or deceitfully made, to cut or jagg the fame at both ends thereof; and that such alnager should also receive to his Majesty's use such subsidy of alnage of all and every the said cloths, kerlies, frizes, rugs, cottons, bayes, fayes, serges, and other stuffs and commodities aforesaid; and for all knit stockings, fringes, cruels, lace, boulting, lwadling bands, or bridling, according to the lengths, breadths, and weights for the same respectively in the said act set forth, together with such fee for sealing the fame and such additional fee for measuring, searching, viewing, trying, and weighing, as is therein mentioned: And it is by the said law enacted, that for the better execution of said office of alnager there shall be at all times meet and convenient places appointed in every city, borough, town corporate, market town, and other convenient places within this kingdom for the measuring, searching, and sealing such commodities, whereby every person having such commodities may certainly know where to have the fame perfected and done, and may not be drawn to travel above the space of fix miles from their several ,r

f g provuion.i

abodes for the perfection thereof: And whereas the provisions in said not

and directions of the said act have nevertheless not been found *e 10 ’

effectual for preventing the frauds, abuses, and deceits, which al)(1 alnnjc

are frequently used in the said manufactures; and the said* al- n,*)r

nage office under proper regulations may be rendered beneficial uncial to the

to the publick, in remedying the same: be it enacted by the |,l!l,lick*

King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and coltfent

of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this piefent so much

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that so of fai<l ilCi>,

J . ./ r i andewyart

much of the said act only, and so much or every act or acts here- us rcUc t« tofore made, as relate to the al'certaining or fixing the length, o)'’ breadth, or weight of each particular piece of such woollen cloths, for the measuring, trying, or sealing of which oilier r.hich other provisions fire herein after made, shall from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty be re- repealed.

560

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 20.

When lengths and breadths the same as in said act, like subsidy and fees paid, vhen varying, in the g proportion in laid aft.

where by weight only, continued, alnager and deputies searcheri and measurers.

Deputy under alna-get’s hand and seal, to give $ol* security, at lead, for which alnager answerable,

Previous Oath by deputies before a justice.

The nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III.

II. Provided nevertheless, that when the lengths and breadths of Inch goods hereafter to be made shall be the fame, as is prc-feribed by the said act, such subsidy and fees shall be paid for the same, as is therein set forth j and where the said lengths and breadths shall vary from the same, then in the proportion to the lengths and breadths in the said a Sc mentioned; and where such subsidy and fees are to be paid by weight only, the same to continue in like manner; and that henceforth his Majesty's alnager, his deputies and substitutes, shall be searchers and measurers of all such commodities made within this kingdom.

III. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every such deputy or substitute shall be appointed by some authority under the hand and seal of his Majesty's alnager; and that every such deputy or substitute shall be obliged to give security to the said alnager for his conduct in the sum of fifty pounds at the least, to the amount of which sum the said alnager shall be answerable for his said deputy or substitute in case of insolvency, or of his not paying any fines imposed or damages to be recovered in consequence of any misconduct or neglect in his said office, or in consequence of this or any other act relating to the said manufacture.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every such deputy or substitute, before he shall enter upon his said duty, shall take and subscribe the following oath before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in this kingdom, viz.

I A.B. do swear, that I will well and truly to the best of my full and power execute the office of a deputy or substitute alnager,fear Airt measurer, or inspector of woollen and cotton tnanufactures within the district, for which J have been appointed.

So help me God.

Signed, Which oath in writing being signed by such person, and attest-fn'ainag’e1 Just‘ce of the peace administering the fame, shall be

office in Dub- kept in some office appointed for that purpose by the said al-7"where all nager in the city of Dublin, in which office there shall also re-

datet'dif Sular €ntr*es he kept of all such deputies or substitutes within

trifts, and this kingdom, and of the dates of their appointments, and of the terc?,'1"distrifts in which they shall be impowered to act, and of the securit*es which have been given by them respectively.y and if any curity sad" such deputy or substitute shall act as such without having given

°aiii, 101. such security and taken such oath, every such person for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

f!>e nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. j6l

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaici, that every such A.D. deputy alnager or substitute shall and may, and they are hereby 1779-80. authorized and directed within the several districts, for which they Chap. 20.

shall be respectively appointed, to measure all broad cloths, dnd ends or half cloths, coatings, and knapped rugs, and all narrow cloths to measure and all other cloths called the old drapery, while the same are fully wet, and previous to their being put on the tenters; and such deputy *k* or substitute shallimmediately after such measurement affix on one t°nt«7 end of every such cloth a seal of lead, (to be furnished and provided by the maker of such cloth) and shall rivet the seal, and shall stamp in words and figures plainly to be read and distin- nam’p hi, guished thereupon, his name, and the length and breadth of such cloth, together with the number of such cloths so sealed by and number him in such district successively, beginning at the time of his Sgl-iSf "* entering on his said office with number one, attd proceeding succes- tot a year lively, until the twenty fifth of March then next ensuing, and 25 Match, on the said twenty fifth day of March, and every succeeding twenty fifth day of March, beginning again with the fame number one, and proceeding progressively in numbers during the year then ensuing; and immediately after the said cloth shall be measured, sealed, and stamped, he shall enter in a book to be mater’s name kept by such deputy or substitute the name and place of abode X colour'or of the maker, and the colour or fort of such cloth, together with the length, breadth, and number on the seal; which book number!

shall be returned to the said alnage office in Dublin once in to 0^ every six months at the furthest, or oftener, if by the said al-onct j"6

' months, or

nager or the nrft clerk in laid office required, and which leal oftener if shall be called the water seal j and the owner or maker of such r'’,jirJj;rat, cloth shall on affixing such water seal (if required) pay to such seal, deputy or substitute the subsidy of Alnage, and all fees which are the aling«°S> due to the alnager for sealing, and for measuring, icarching, and fec* viewing the fame j and if any such deputy or substitute shall refuse to measure and stamp any such cloth cither with the said rcfufiri{ water seal or the alnager’s seal, or to give such account, or shall "wfui*or.

0 ® . stamp, or give

give a falle and fraudulent account of the cloths by him mea~ account, or sured and stamped as aforesaid, being convicted on the oath of one credible witness before any one of his Majesty's justices of (ha!I forfeit the peace, he shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of forty 2d his shillings, and for the second offence he shall lose his place, and he for ever after incapable of being appointed a deputy alnager or substitute.

56a The nineteenth and twentieth years of George ID.

A.D.

VI. And whereas the affixing the said water seal may He* 1779-80. vertheless be attended with difficulty in remote places, into which Chap. ao. the woollen manufacture is not yet introduced, and in feme species of goods not yet Efficiently established: be it enacted by may by order the authority aforesaid, that it may be lawful for the said alnager watw'feat' by order under his hand and seal to postpone the execution of SviJndj ^ar as re'ates to the said water seal only, within any

milea, save district within this kingdom, except within the city of Dublin, nanowdothi, and within five miles of the fame, for any species of goods, except such as are commonly called broad cloths and narrow not beyond cloths, and to any length of time, not going beyond the twenty a+yuwiySa. fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty two,

Alnagefeal

VII. Provided always, that nothing in this act shall take away, bJ I7ck,si or construed to take away or supersede, the necessity of the not taken said ajnage seal, prescribed by the said act of the seventeenth a"'ay' and eighteenth of King Charles the second.

Alnager to

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fpiaora of that the said. alnager shall appoint the said deputies or substitutes, tenter!, or some other persons of good character and repute, to be in-spectors of all woollen and other goods of the old and new drapery, and, of the tenters and tenter grounds, where, such and station goods shall be tentered, and so station them in such districts faircnamping in such manner, as he shall think proper, to prevent the stretching false stamping and over stretching of all woollen cloths, and to ’ enforce the due observation of this act, which inspectors shall if found be employedin visiting such tenter or tenter grounds. And if any inches L*6 such inspector shall find any of the said goods falsely damped by

rard^in’ ‘ any of the said deputies or substitutes in any broad or narrow

length, infor- doth, above two inches in breadth, or above one yard in length, daysTo'a juf- he shall give information thereof within seven days to one of his S examine Majesty's justices of the peace, who shall examine the fame, and 20J. oa ’ on conviction every such deputy or substitute shall forfeit lot conviction, every such offence, twenty shillingsi, to be. recovered as any other penalty, is hereby directed to be recovered: and it shall be lawful entry by for every Ech deputy, substitute, or inspector, as occasion shall day into ten* require, in the day time to enter into any tenter grounds of any

ter grounds to ' * ‘

rearchfor fof- manufacturer, or other dealer in cloth to search for any of tl« dufy samp'cd, fidd manufactures, which he Eall suspect to be falsely or unduly stretched or stamped, or to be stretched or strained more than is allowed by this altered seals, act, or any alteration made in the seals, and for the better difeo* and foci, vering such abuses to cause such wares to be measured, aid \i-arcj measur- ^ Qp or refusal by any person to permit such in-

j fpcck

The nineteenth and twentieth year's bf George III.

or if fiver-ft retched, or marks

a!-

jpector to enter the said places for the purposes aforesaid, the A.D. perfosi so refilling shall forfeit five pounds on conviction before 1779-80. any justice of the peace; and if such inspector shall fend any Chap. 20. Woollen cloth, after the time herein directed for feaiing thereof, without the Feals hereby directed to be put thereon, of such seal or fads defaced, counterfeited, or altered, except that it shall ap- ordefawd, pear, that the fame were accidentally loft, of maliciously taken off, of that any! of such cloths appear by thfc laid seals to be unlcft.soft, over fttetched eithef irt breadth of length beyond the dimeniiohs allowed of, or that the name and place bf abode or Other marks "!r >'"’ of the maker shall be cut out of altered, in such case tile owner or perfoti, in whose custody such cloth shall be found, shall for tJ"t ‘ every such offence forfeit such sum, as shall be awarded on com- for/c^ud plaint thereof, by any such justice of the peace; hot exceeding by fitch juffive pounds, or less than forty shillings: if the merchant of buyer of any such cloth shall suspect the real and true lengths 40s. and breadths hot to be the same as stamped on the seal, he may jn a"«cf8af for proof thereof have the liberty within six weeks of his btiy-ing die fame, if such cloth has not then been raised, dfefied, of dyed) and dyed, and upon two days notice given, in writing to all the par-so who measured and stamped the said cloth, to put such cloth "tldbw:l‘ into cold water for any time not exceeding four hours, and im- 4" °V'

mediately, after the same shall be taken out', to Cauie the Fame to and immea be measured by foiiie fworh deputy, substitute, oir ihspector, ati'd if upon such admeasureirient there shall fee found a less Quantity f*°m deputy in length or in breadth in more than one half part Of the length r£fn"’ thereof, than is mentioned in any of the seals, the deputy of substitute, who ltieafured and stamped the said cloth, being con- more than, vifted of having wilfully and Knowingly affixed such false aftd fraudulent seals thereto, upon the' oath of the officer \irlio last in the seal, measured the fame, or of any other credible witness, before any one such justice, for every such offence forfeit, viz. for i»«yl<h or«

1 ... \ 4 yanlm length

two inches iff breadth, or one yard m length, that such cloth short of ma-

shall fall iliort of the rteaiure marked on the seals, five shillings; sure’

and for every other inch in breadth of yard in length, fd over ery other

stamped, ten shillings; whereupon such fecolid admeasuremdnt Ik|1® ral;J

0_, \ , rt ovemampea

the seal affixed shall be found not to contain' the just length and ios.

breadth of such cloth, the inspector or other officer, who1 upon fuel! information and complaint measured the fame, shall' affijf not just "nanny seals thereto, which shall contain the' true length's and S affixed, breadths of the' said cloth, and the length and number of yards Ilc

so stamped oh such seals shall be the rule of payment for fudh payment, doth by the merchant of buyer; save only that such merchant of

buyer

5S4 The nineteenth ani twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

buyer in order to diicourage the vending or exposing to sale any 1779-80. such cloth with such fraudulent and defective seals may deduct Chap. 20. and retain to himself out of the price the amount of so many '"b^TmTy yai'ds as the said cloth shall fall short in inches of breadth, or muchasfhort, yar(k *n length, of the length and breadth expressed on the for-offender finer fraudulent seal affixed by the maker; every offender against SX-2 wh°in such information shall be made as aforesaid, may within

andrequestto tw0 a^er n0tice given h thereof go to the house of the examine if merchant, buyer, or owner of the cloth in such information nofraudflf mentioned, and request to see the said cloth, to examine that the crimes and fails charged be justly charged, and that no frauds have been committed by the merchant, buyer, or owner of the on refusal fame; and upon their refilling to permit him to fee or examine Riaii'cease." such cloth the prosecution shall cease, and any conviction to be made thereupon shall be void.

Name and

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every length of clothier and maker of such broad cloth shall at the time of mak-broad cloth weave, stamp, or few into the head of the cloth in distinct

jnslters at

head of the letters or words, plainly to be read at length, his name and place Cl<of narrow abode, and every maker of narrow woollen cloth the initial

initials and letters of his christian and sirname and the place of his abode;

exposing to and if any clothier or maker shall after the twenty ninth day of ffeaiaqoi^r September one thousand seven hundred and eighty expose to piece, sale any cloth without such seals, or without such name or initial letters and place of abode as aforesaid, being convicted on the oath of one credible witness before any of his majesty’s jufftces of the peace, he shall forfeit forty shillings for every such piece and without without seals, and forty shillings for every such piece without name and place of abode so damped, sewed, or woven into the defacing, fame; and if any person shall willingly take off, alter, or coun-ing,&c.feah, terfeit, deface, obliterate, or cutout any of the aforesaid seals, or the figures, letters, or words therein stamped, or therein wo-fore taken off ven or sewed, before the cloth be taken off the tenters and

" offender, or brought to the press; every person so offending, and every per-Phofncutto ^on *u wh°fe custody any iiich cloth without seals, or with dp, forfeit not the seals defaced, shall be found cut out or obliterated as a^cT ^esaid, on being convicted as aforesaid shall forfeit for any such offence not less than forty shillings, or-more than five stretching pounds. If any person shall after the said twenty ninth day of !*brcadt"ion September next cause or procure to be llretched or drained any lower seals, whole or lone broad cloth, or end or half broad cloth, ornar-

forfeit ios. 0

every quarter row cloth, more than one yard in length in every twenty yards, I*? or more l*,an onc ’nc*1 *n every twelve inches, the whole yard in ;ndl> breadth

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

565

breadth containing thirty six inches only, and so in proportion for A.D. cloths that are more in length or breadth above or beyond the 1779-80. length or breadth of such cloth upon the lower of such seals ex- Chap. 20. pressed, being convicted by the oath of one credible witness before one or more of such justices of the peace, he shall for every quarter of a yard in length, such cloth shall be overstretched, forfeit ten '

Mings, and for every inch in breadth, twenty shillings, to be recovered as the other penalties herein before mentioned aredirected: tenters mea-and for the better and more easy discovery of the undue stretching ’ and draining of cloth every owner or propietor of any tenter shall measure such tenters, as shall be made use of for tentering of cloth, and mark in figures, fair and plain to be seen, the true ^truefcngth length of yards, computing thirty seven inches to each yard fnc^eTeaci! at each tenter, beginning at No. I. and so continuing it to "a^cdanJ the end thereof, marking and numbering each yard distinctly plainly, plainly and fairly to be seen on the top bar, or on the fore fide thereof j and if such tenter shall after the twenty ninth of Sep- ^penalty yj. tember next be found not to be measured and marked and numbered as aforesaid, the occupier shall forfeit five shillings for each tenter, to be levied and recovered as any other penalty is hereby directed. Information upon oath shall be given of the offences information mentioned in this act, within twenty days after the offence shall be discovered j and all the offences in this act mentioned (except coveryofof-such for which some other remedy is hereby provided) shall be atfoVences, enquired of and determined, and convictions thereupon made ^dy* upon oath of one or more credible witnesses by any one or more mined on oath justices of the peace, notice being first given to the persons charged. or;l‘(.j£,>raore X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, not,cc lft that the several fines and penalties imposed by this act, and Penalties, by the said alnage aft, (unless where otherwise disposed of by laid acts,) shall be paid, one moiety to the informer, the other informer and to the Dublin Society, by them to be applied to the pro- ty°for >°mI-testion and encouragement of the woollen manufacture: and if |'nrcma,uifac' any offender shall by the space of ten days after conviction, and on nou pay-notice given at his dwelling house or place of abode, refuse or neglect to pay such forfeiture, or shall not appeal to the quarter lelfions, the justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be vising, or made, or any other justice or justices of the peace, upon a certificate {Sdrr,«";f, of such conviction from such justice or justices, are required to if- vate> M if-sue their warrant for levying the fame by distress and f'ale (return- levy by dif. ing the overplus after paying the charges to the offender) and *"5*1^' "bore no sufficient distress can be found, to commit the offender committed 10'the house of correction for any time not exceeding three 3

Alnager not to cut or

jag pursuant

566 The nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III.

A.D.

months: if any person shall find himself aggrieved by any order 1779-80. or warrant of any justice or justices, qr upon any conviction Chap. ao. before them in pursuance of this act, he may appeal to the next general quarter sessions for the county, or county of the next fcflioni, city or town, which shall not be held within fourteen days next 14 days after* after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of ^'lodaysno- aPPeal to the person discovering the offence, upon which tice of appeal, the conviction was made, and the justices at the said quarter lef-lions either confirm or disannul the said orders or proceedings, reasonabk they shall allow such costs and charges to the party aggrieved C°paid as ufu- thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid as ai on appeal. js ufaay jn cases of appeal from any other of the justices of the peace to the sessions, and their orders shall be final.

XI. And whereas by the said act of the seventeenth and eighteenth of Charles the second the said alnager, his deputy or substitute, are directed to cut or jagg at both ends all such goods

2°c/ij!above and wares, as shall be found defective and deceitfully made: be 3 inches deep, jt enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said cutting or jagging may not be above three inches deep at either end, or io as farther to injure or destroy such piece.

XII. and whereas by the said act it is enacted, that no per-17 & )8 c. son shall press any of the commodities aforesaid by pressing in

rtpcalVd/’7’ a hot press, or by heating of thick boards or planks, and laying the fame under or above the said goods, and that every person so pressing any kind or fort of woollen cloths, or with any other the like subtile and deceitful means, shall forfeit the fame: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said provisions may be repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No fee for that no deputy, substitute, or supervisor shall presume to take

any sum of money, fee, reward, or other gratification for or on account of any goods, which have not been searched, viewed, examined, tried, sealed, or jagged, other than is directed by law, or to abstain from such search, view, examination, trial, sealing, or jagging; and if any such person shall offend therein, he shall on conviction before any justice of peace as aforesaid be fined forty shillings; on a second conviction shall be rendered incapable of ever executing again the said office of deputy, fub-\iai°n, inca- stitute, searcher, or supervisor.

PVCW dm-

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every manfacturer of stuffs, serges, camblets, calimancoes, deraWs"* everlaftings, fattinets, worsted damalks, moreens, paragons, kid- rilrcaion' derminlteri,

nor to abstain therefrom, or fined

403. on 2d con-

the nineteenth and t-werit'ieth years of George III. 567

derminsters, bumbazeens, crapes, poplins, tabinets, and all other articles commonly called new. drapery, or which are made of worded or of wool, and silk or wool, and linen or cotton yarn, and all other manufactures put under the direction of the said linage officer, shall have free liberty to make the fame of such singth, breadth, and weight, as he shall think fit.

XV. Provided nevertheless, that each of said pieces be made and damped after the twenty ninth day of December next shall not be less than fifteen inches in breadth.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 20.

may be made of length, breadth, and weighty as thought fit.

Each piece after 29 Dee* not uoder ic inches broad.

XVI. Provided also, that every such maker or manufacturer of

shall at the time of making stamp, weave, or few into the head Se, in of every piece of such goods in distinct letters, plainly to be read, j1faijufefcrlr the initial letters of his christian and fir-name, and the place of his abode; and in case of any omission or neglect thereof such or subjca person shall be subject to such complaint, conviction, and fine, "niffion in and so to be disposed of, as is herein before enacted with respect broad or1]nar' to persons omitting to make such marks in broad or narrow woollen cloths.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all such goods when finished shall be measured., and sealed with such leaden seal, as aforesaid by such deputy or substitute, on which seal shall be damped in words and figures plainly to be read, his name, and the length and breadth of such goods, and the number of the th.eads and beers in said piece, together with the number of the said piece, as also with the said alnager’s seal

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all persons, who shall sell or expose to sale flock cards, commonly made use of for scribbling wool, and which are called fifty fours, fixties, seventies, eighties, nineties, and one hundreds, shall make or cause to be made the fame, so as to contain the full number

When fi-niflied, measured and sealed at aforesaid.

with name, length and breadth, number of threads and been, the number, and alnagert seal.

Stock-cards for scribbling wool shall contain the number of wires in the denomination under which

of wires in the denomination, under which they are fold; and <°M» that every person felling or exposing such to sale, not fairly made before any ‘ as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered in a summary manner before any juf* lice of the peace, and to be applied as aforesaid.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

CHAP. XXI.

An act to amend and continue an act passed in the seventeenth find eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to amend and continue an aB passed in the thirteenth mi fourteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, oni for other furposes.

568

A.D.

1779-80.

V^V\>

3. y^ WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth and four-

13

reefted,'lS' teenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, it is among other things enacted, that in case the lord mayor and seneschals respectively in striking such assize shall find, that it will raise the price of bread to take flour into the assize, then and in such case they shall respectively strike the assize upon the middle price of wheat only 5 but if they shall find, that the price of bread will be lessened by taking flour into the assize, then and in such case the assize shall be (truck according to the middle price of wheat and the medium price of all kinds of flour, brought to the market, taken together, and twenty eight Hone and a half of such flour shall be deemed equal to aquar-assize there- ter of wheat: now whereas it has been found by fair andac-to bTkcnf °5 curate accounts of the quantity of flour and wheat bought in the market by the bakers, that this mode of assize is unequal with respect to the bakers: therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from the twenty fourth day.of August one thousand'(even assize (truck hundred and eighty the lord mayor and seneschals respectively pncTofwiicat shall strike the assize according to the middle price of wheat flour tfrouht t*le medium price of all kinds of flour (brought to the to Dublin market of Dublin and Ibid.to bakers) taken together, and Ktobaktrj, of which flour twenty eight stone and a half shall be deemed 28 stone equal to a quarter of wheat, ter of wheat.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid in on of praffice or^er to prevent any unfair practice to the injury of the pub-to raise brad lick, that if there shall at any time be reason to suspect, that with ^ciidtnt there is any combination or practice to raise the price of bread, of court of then and in such cale it shall be lawful for the lord mayor with

confidence

and the 2 the concurrence of the president of the court of conscience, and

inembeiSj or

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

the two representatives of the city of Dublin in Parliament, or any two of the said three, and in consequence for the said le-nefchals, to revert to the mode of entry directed 'by the said recited clause.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said in part recited act, and one other act for amending the same, passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, together with this present act, and every clause in said acts, except as herein is amended, shall continue in force for two years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand i'even hundred and eighty, and unto the end of the then next session of Parliament.

CHAP. XXII.

any 2, and fe-nefchals, may revert to the mode by said act.

13 k 14 G. 3. c 47. and 17 k 18 G. 3. c. 27. ar>d tins aft,

fart* as herein amended, continued 2 years from 24 June 17 So, ethy zi k 22 G. 5. c. 40. to 1787, kc.

An Act to amend a Mistake in an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, entitled, An Act for amending the Publick Roads.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for amending the publick roads, an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the more cffcBually amending the publick roads, and every clause therein contained, except the clause for repealing the several acts of Parliament therein particularly mentioned, and except such part thereof as relates to the county of Dublin, was repealed: and whereas a clause in the said act for enabling any person or persons, who now have or hereafter shall have any ferry over any river, to ered and support a bridge at his or their own expence over such river in the place of such ferry, and to take and receive for passing such bridge such toll, and no more, as they arc entitled to receive for passing such ferry, was by ntiftake repealed: and whereas it has been found necessary and expedient to revive and continue said claulc: be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and coufent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of Vol. XI. 7 E August,

Such pmt of 13 & i+C. 3. c. 32. as repeats $ G. 3. c. 14- f- *7‘ U hereby repealed.

57° The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, such part of the 1779-80. said a^ as repeals the said clause, shall be and it is hereby repealed, Said clause'and made null and void, withstanding U. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 13 & 14G.3. the said clause, and everything therein contained, shall be and C' *2' the said clause is hereby revived, and shall be and continue in full force, any thing in the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade.

Exbired 25

Dec *1781.

WHEREAS tobacco is subject upon import into this kingdom to the duties following, that is to say, two pence half penny per pound hereditary dudes, and three pence halfpenny par.pound additional duty, and will from and after the twenty fourth day - of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, be subject to a further additional duty of one penny and sixty three . one hundred parts of one penny per pound, making in the whole seven pence aifd sixty three one hundred parts of one penny per pound, with the usual allowances or discounts out of said hereditary duties and first additional duty: and whereas it may tend much to the encouragement of the tobacco trade, if importers thereof be allowed time for payment of part of the duties in manner herein after mentioned: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpmtual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every person, importing tobacco into this kingdom between the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one indufive, in lieu of paying down the said several duties with their discounts (if such person shall so desire) to pay and secure upon importation thereof the sums following, that is to say, every such person shall pay down in rcadv money upon import a net duty after the rate of five pounds nineteen shillings and eighteen twentieth parts of one penny and one half of a twentieth for every one hundred pounds value of such tobacco, as the fame is rated for excise in this kingdom, and shall also become bound to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with on-or more sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the collector of the port where the tobacco shall be imported, With the consent of the surveyor of such port, in one or more bond or bonds, at the election of the importer, for the payment of a further duty, after the

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 571

the rate of thirty three pounds fifteen shillings and three pence fir twentieth parts A.D. of one penny, two thirds of one twentieth, for the said quantity of tobacco, I 779-80. within eighteen months, the said eighteen months to commence at the end of thirty days after the mailer’s report of the ship, or to commence from the merchant’s entry of the goods within said thirty days, which ever shall first happen.

II. Provided always, That any person not being a native of Great Britain or Ireland, who shall import tobacco, shall pay after the rate of seven pounds feveit shillings and firpence three twentieth parts of onepenny, and one third part of a twentieth, in lieu of the rate aforesaid, of five pounds nineteen shillings and eighteen twentieth parts of one penny and one half of a twentieth.

III. Provided always, and in as much as several merchants and others importing tobaccos may be frequently under difficulties, and unable to give good and sufficient securities for the payment of the said duty herein allowed to be secured, and the putting of the fame into proper warehouses may not only be an ease and convenience to the importer thereof, but also a security to his Majesty's revenue: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, any person importing tobacco, who shall hive paid down in ready money a net duty for the fame after the rate of five pounds nineteen shillings and eighteen twentieth parts of one penny and one half of a twentieth, or of seven pounds seven shillings and futpence three twentieth parts of a penny and one third part of a twentieth, for every 011c hundred pounds value thereof according to the rate aforesaid, and shall then desire to have the said tobacco put into warehouses under the King’s and merchant’s locks for the security of the remainder of the duties, the merchant or merchants, or his or their ferrants shall have free access into the said warehouses at all seasonable times, and the custom house officers are hereby required to attend without fee or reward; and it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners or principal officers of his Majesty's revenue to permit and cause the said tobacco to be lodged and put into warehouses to be provided by and at the charge of the merchant or merchants, and to be first approved by the said commissioners or officers, upon the merchant or merchants giving his or their own bond for payment of the duties at the end of fifteen months; and if the importer or importers of fitch tobacco, as has been so lodged in the w'archouses, shall not within the said time of fifteen months offer good and sufficient security for payment of the duties at the end of the said eighteen months, or by debentures on cx-

7 E 2 portation

572 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

portation of such tobacco, or payment of the several duties for which his or their 1779-80.

own bond or bonds hath or have been given, discharge his or their obligations, but l^at fc^e to^acco or any Part thereof shall continue and be still remaining in the fa'ul Warehouses for want of the payment of the duties due thereon; in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners or principal officers of his hlajdly’s revenue for the time being, and who are hereby required and impowered, to cause the said tobacco so remaining to be publicity sold by inch of candle, first giving the proprietor or proprietors fourteen days notice, or leaving the fame in writing at the place of his or their last abode, the product thereof after such falc first to be applied towards payment of the said bond or bonds of the merchant or merchants, and the charges that have been expended by means of such warehousing and fide, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the proprietor or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same.

IV. Provided always, That. in case any tobacco put in the said warehouses, and so locked up as aforesaid, shall be burnt or destroyed by fhre, during die time it remains in the said warehouses, the proprietor or owners of such tobacco shall be allowed the duties paid, and the bond shall be discharged forfo much thereof, as shall have been so burned or destroyed.

V. And whereas great frauds an ay arise to the diminution of lus Majesty's revenue by warehousing tobacco as aforesaid in ports, where there are or shall not be a sufficient number of revenue officers to attend the fame: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, that it shall and niav be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any four of them, from time to time, and as often as they shall see occasion> to prohibit, for such time as they shall think proper, by notice under their hands, which notice shall be published in the ga2ette, and some other publick news paper, ami be likewise sent to the chief officer of the port or ports therein mentioned, any tobacco imported at any port to be mentioned in such notice, except the port of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfast, Derry, GaUvay, Limerick, Cork, "Waterford, Wexford, and Wicklow, ro be warehoused; and that from and after such notice during the time therein mentioned, no importer of tobacco at any such port shall desire the same to be lodged in a ware-

4

house

1%e nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 573

house there, or take any benefit by virtue of any thing in this act contained in re- A.D. spect of warehousing the fame; but every such importer shall pay down the du- ^779" *

ties, or pay the duty, and give the security for paying the further duty, at the end Chap. 2 of eighteen months as herein before enacted.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any tobacco, which shall have been entered, and the duties thereof paid,or partlypaid and partlyfecured in manner aforesaid, shall from and after the said twenty fourth dayof June,one thousand seven hundred and eighty, be exported from this kingdom, the exporter shall upon the exportation thereof within three years, on a proper debenture to be made forth for that purpose, be paid or allowed to draw back the whole net duty actually paid by him on the import thereof, and to have the security vacated on the bond or bonds given on the importation, and no more, as to what shall be so exported; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That no drawback shall be given after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, of any duties paid on tobacco imported previous to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any importer or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given security as aforesaid, shall be dc-firous to discharge his bond or bonds, or any part thereof, in ready money sooner than the expiration of eighteen months from the date hereof, he shall be abated upon such bond or bonds so much, as the discount at the rate of seven per centum per annum shall amount to In proportion to the time unexpired.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all bonds to be given for securing the duties by virtue of this act shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the said bond for the payment thereof j and that the legal interest shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds*, such interest be computed from the day the bond becomes due unto the day whereon it shall be paid off in money, or the day the fcarcher certifies upon the debenture, that the tobacco was shipped for exportation, notwithstanding such tobacco doth or shall remain unexported, and the three years being the time limited by law for the drawback on exportation shall not be expired, and no such security shall be vacated, until all such interest shall be paid thereon.

Vol. XL 7 F

572 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

portation of such tobacco, or payment of the fevctal duties for which his or their 1.779-80. own bond or bonds hath or have been given, discharge his or their obligations, but Chap. 23* that the tobacco or any part thereof shall continue and be Hill remaining in the said warehouses for want of the payment of the duties due thereon; in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners or principal officers of his Majesty's revenue for the time being, and who are hereby required and impotvered, tocaufc the said tobacco so remaining to be publickly sold by inch of candle, first giving the proprietor or proprietors fourteen days notice, or leaving the fame in writing at the place of his or their lad abode, the produ£t thereof after such falc first to be applied towards payment of the said bond or bonds of the merchant or merchants, and the charges that have been expended by means of such warehousing and sale, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the proprietor or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same.

IV. Provided always, That. in case any tobacco put in the said warehouses, and so locked up as aforesaid, shall be burnt or dellroyed by fire, during the time it remains in the said warehouses, the proprietor or owners of such tobacco shall be allowed the duties paid, and the bond shall be discharged for so much thereof, as shall have been so burned or dellroyed.

V. And whereas great frauds may arise to the diminution of his Majesty's revenue by warehousing tobacco as aforesaid in ports, where there are or shall not be a sufficient number of revenue officers to attend the fame: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, that it (hah and may be lawful for the commissionets of his Majesty's revenue, or any four of them, from time to time, and as often as they shall see occasion, to prohibit, for such time as they shall think proper, by notice under their hands, which notice shall be published in the gazette, and some other publick newspaper, ami be likewise sent to the chief officer of the port or porta therein mentioned, any tobacco imported at any port to be mentioned in such notice, except the port of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfalt, Derry, Galway, Limerick, Cork, Waterford, Wexford, and Wicklow, to be warehouseds and that from and after such notice during the time therein mentioned, no import-er of tobacco at any such port shall desire the same to be lodged in a ware.

house

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 573

house there, or take any benefit by virtue of any thing in this act contained in re. A.D. spect of warehousing the fame; but every such importer shall pay down the du- 1779-80. ties, or pay the duty, and give the security for paying the further duty, at the end Chap. 23.

of eighteen months as herein before enacted.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any tobacco, which flail have been entered, and the duties thereof paid,or partlypaid and partlyfecured in manner aforesaid, shall from and after the said twenty fourth dayof June,one thousand seven hundred and eighty, be exported from this kingdom, the exporter iiiall upon the exportation thereof within three years, on a proper debenture to be made forth for that purpose, be paid or allowed to draw back the whole net duty actually paid by him on the import thereof, and to have the security vacated on the bond or bonds given on the importation, and no more, as to what shall be so exported; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That no drawback shall be given after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, of any duties paid on tobacco imported previous to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any importer or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given security as aforesaid, shall be dc-firous to discharge his bond or bonds, or any part thereof, in ready money sooner than the expiration of eighteen months from the date hereof, he shall be abated upon such bond or bonds so much, as the discount at the rate of seven per centum per annum shall amount to in proportion to the time unexpired.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, all bonds to be given for securing the duties by virtue of this act shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the said bond for the payment thereof; and that the legal intcrell shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds; such intcrell be computed from the day the bond becomes due unto the day whereon it shall be paid off in money, or the day the searcher certifies upon the debenture, that the tobacco was shipped for exportation, notwithstanding such tobacco doth or shall remain unexported, and the three years being the time limited by law for the drawback on exportation shall not be expired, and no such security shall be vacated, until all such filtered shall be paid thereon.

574 ninetlenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may 1779-80. be lawful to and for the chancellor, treasurer, lord chief baron, and other the Chap^ 23. barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, or any or either of them, to grant his or their fiat for the issuing of process of immediate extent against any person or persons, who shall have given his or their bond or bonds to the crown for duties on tobacco, although the day mentioned in the condition of the said bond or bonds for payment be not come, upon an affidavit laid before him or them by one of the securities, or executor or administrator of such security, that the person bound to , the crown in such bond is decayed in his circumstances, and that the crown’s debt is in danger of being loft, unless some more speedy method than the usual way of proceeding be forthwith had for the recovery thereof; and if the crown recovers the money due on such bond, before the day of payment shall become due, the obligor is to be allowed out of the money so recovered a discount after the rate of ' seven poundsper centum ptr annum in proportion to the time unexpired.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no allowance Stall be made to the importer for or in consideration for any damaged or mean tobacco either at the scale or otherwise: but in case any merchant or other person shall refuse to enter, pay, or secure the duties aforesaid for such tobacco, then he or they shall have liberty to refuse the fame, or to separate such damaged tobacco by cutting off from the hogshead or other package so much thereof, as he or they shall refuse to pay duty for) and the principal officers of his Majesty's revenue resident at the port, where such damaged tobacco shall be landed, or any . two or more of them, shall cause all such tobacco to be burned and destroyed without making any allowance to such importer for freight or other charges, other than the allowances hereafter in this act provided for; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, That no merchant or other person shall hare liberty to separate the (talk from die leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no drawback shall be allowed for any tobacco stalks or stems exported by themselves, when they have been or shall be separated from the rest of the leaf, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 575

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidj That every mailer, A.D. commander, or - other person or persons taking charge of any ship or vessel 1779-80. having tobacco loaden on board at any port or place whatsoever in Great Britain, Chap. 23. or any of his Majesty's plantations in America, shall upon his arrival at his port of discharge in this kingdom, and at the time that he makes his report of his Drip at the cuilom house, deliver to the collector of the said port (who is hereby required and directed to deliver the same to the land waiters appointed for the delivery of such ship or veil'd) the manifest or content of the lading of his ship or vessel, which he received from the collector, comptroller, or other officer of the customs at the port or other place, where he tool in his ladingi and if any mailer, commander, or other person or persons taking charge of any such ship or vessel, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such manifell or content to the collector of the port, at the time he makes his report of his ship at the cuilom house at the port of his discharge, he and they shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the land waiters appointed for the delivery of every ship or vessel arriving at any port or place in this kingdom from Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's plantations in America, having tobacco on board, shall not suffer any part of the tobacco on board any ship or vessel to be landed, utttil they have from and agreeable to the manifell delivered to them by the collector entered into their respective books (given them by the directions of the commissioners of his Ala-jesty’s revenue for keeping accounts of goods by them delivered or fullered so be delivered from on board such ship) the said several and respective mani-fefrs, and the marks, numbers, weights, tares, and contents of the several hoglhcads, calks, chells, and other packages therein expressed, under the penalty of the forfeiture of fifty pounds; and the said land waiters are hereby authorized and required upon the landing of any such tobacco to cause such finding mark to be fixed and set upon every hogshead, calk, chelt, or other pickage whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of the revenue aforesaid; and the said land waiters are hereby also required to enter every such landing mark in their several books aforesaid on pain of forfeiting tire sum of fifty pounds.

7Fj XVI. And

576 .2%? nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

XVI. And be it further enacted bjr the authority aforesaid, That from and 1779-8 Dl after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, no Chap. 23. debenture shall be made forth for any tobacco imported into this kingdom after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, many drawback be paid or allowed for the fame when exported or entered outwards for exportation to any part or parts beyond the seas, unless the fame and every part thereof be shipped and exported from the very fame port or place, at which such identical tobacco was at first originally imported into this kingdom; and no other j and also unless the fame identical tobacco if unmanufactured and every part thereof be shipped and exported in the original package, with the fame marks in and with which it was at first imported into this kingdom, and no other, without any alteration whatsoever being made in the package, (except such as shall be occasioned by necessary cooperage for the repair of the said package,) or any other tobacco being put therein, or any part of the tobacco, being remoreil or taken out of the package in which it was at first imported, except only ten pounds weight of tobacco, which shall be allowed to be taken out of each hogf-bead, calk,.case, or other package after the fame is weighed at importation; and if any person or persons. Whatsoever shall enter any tobacco for exportation at any Other port or place, titan that at which the fame identical tobacco was imported,

or in any other calk, or package than the fame, in which the fame unmanufactured tobacco was originally imported, or without the fame marks, all such tobacco shall be forfeited, and no drawback thereupon shall be paid, or, if any shall be paid, die fame shall be repaid, and the person, who entered or caused the same to be entered, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and whoever shall knowingly export beyond the seas any hogfltead or other package of tobacco, out of which more than ten pounds weight of tobacco has been taken for samples, he, the and they, so offending, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for every such hogshead or other package of tobacco so exported.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no tobacco shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, from any of his Majesty's plantations in America otherwise than in calk, chest, or case only; each calk, chest, or case shall contain four hundred and fifty pounds weight of neat tobacco at tbs least, under the penalty of the forfeiture of sdl such tobacco, as shall be imported

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 577

ported contrary to this act, together with cads, chelts, cases, and other pack- A.D.

age containing the fame. 1779~ *-

Chap. 23.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any nnmanufactured tobacco is imported in hogsheads or cads into this kingdom, if upon the landing and examination thereof it shall appear, that the tobacco contained in any of such hogsheads or calks is so much damaged, that by cutting oif the damaged part thereof, for which no duty is paid, the found tobacco remaining in any of'such hogsheads, for which duty is to be paid, is under the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the importer or importers thereof in the presence of the land waiters appointed to deliver the ship, in which the fame was imported, to cause all such found tobacco to be put together in one or more of the fame hogsheads, out of which the damaged tobacco was taken; and the said land waiters, or the other proper officers, are hereby directed and required to enter into their respective books the true and exact weight of all such found tobacco put into each and every such hogshead, with the several and respective marks and numbers set on each and every such hogshead, and also to note and specify in their books, that such hogsheads were packed and refilled in their presence; and all and every such hogsheads of unmanufactured

tobacco shall and may be exported from the same ports, and no other, at which they were originally imported; and debentures shall be made out, and the drawback be paid, for the tobacco therein contained, (provided the quantity of the tobacco in each such hogshead amounts to four hundred and twenty five pounds weight or more,) in the same manner and form to all intents and purposes as if the package of such tobacco had not been altered; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thotifand seven hundred and eighty all and every person and persons, who shall enter any unmanufactured tobacco outwards, except unmanufactured tobacco imported before the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, at any port or place in this kingdom, in order to be shipped and exported in any ship or vessel whatsoever to any part or parts beyond the seas, shall, before the fame or any part thereof is

578 nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D. 1aden on board any flop or vest'cl to be exported, endorse upon the cocket and bill, 1779-80. (to be delivered to the proper officer or officers appointed to examine tobacco Ch.tp^j. o,|ppe<j for exportation,) in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, the mark and num.

ber as contained in the manifieft, which was upon each and every hogshead, calk, chert,'or other package of such tobacco, at the time when the fame was first imported into this kingdom, and also the landing mark or number which was placed and set upon each and every hogshead, calk, chert, or other package thereof, when the fame was first landed in this kingdom, together with the exact weight that each and every hogshead, calk, chert, or other package with the tobacco therein contained was of at the time of its being landed in this kingdom, and also the particular mark and number set upon each hogshead, calk, chert, or other package thereof, by the exporter or exporters thereof, at the time the same shall be brought to the water fide to he shipped for exportation, together with the then weight which eacii particular hogshead, calk, chert, or other package, and the tobacco therein contained, shall be of at the time it is so entered for exportation, and the officer shall not admit any cocket unless marked as aforesaid; and all and every exporter and exporters of tobacco thall also from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, write off, and they are hereby required and directed to write off, the weight of each hogshead, calk, chert, ot other package of unmanufactured tobacco, l>y him, her, or them exported from any port of this kingdom to any part or parts beyond the seas, from the identical and particular entry made of each and every such hogshead, chert, or other package of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was firrt imported into this kingdom; and if any person or persons whatsoever, who after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall enter outrank for exportation to any part or parts beyond the seas from any port or ports of this kingdom any unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect ot refuse to endorse upon the cocket and bill for the said tobacco delivered to the proper officer in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, all and eacii and every of the several and respective marks, numbers, and weights herein before mentioned and described, and in the manner and form the fame is hereby required and directed to be done, or who shall neglect or refute to write off the weight of each hogshead, calk, chert, or other package of unmanufactured tobacco, by him, her, or them exported, from the identical entry made thereof, at the time when the fame was first imported into this kingdom,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George. III. 579

agreeable to the directions herein before given for that purpose, all and each and A.D. every such person and persons offending in each or either of theie case9 shall forfeit 1779~cto‘ and iofe the sum of five pounds for every hogshead, calkf chest, or other package Chap. 2J. of such unmanufactured tobacco for each and every such offence or offences, to be ' 'r

sued for, recovered, levied, and divided in the manner herein after directed any law, statute, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and no drawback or debenture for or on account of the exportation thereof shall be made out, granted, or paid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall import any tobacco into this kingdom from Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's plantations in America, and who shall in any wise manufacture the fame, or any part thereof, upon his, her, or their own account or accounts, or cause or procure the fame or any part thereof to be manufactured for his, her, or their own account or accounts by any other person or persons, shall, before the fame or any part thereof be manufactured by the importer or importers, or shall be delivered out by the importer or importers to any other person or persons to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers, deliver, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver, to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue at the port or place, where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number as specified in the manifest of every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco, intended to be tnanufadured, with the name of the ship or ships in which the fame was imported, and the time when, and also the landing mark and number set on each hogf. head, calk, chest, or other package at the time of their importation into this kingdom, and also the exalt weight which all, and each, and every such hogsheads, calks, chests, or other packages, and the tobacco therein contained, were of at the time of their being first landed in this kingdom, and the exalt weight the fame were of at the time of the delivery thereof to be manufactured which account shall be signed by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco is delivered to be manufactured, or one of his, her, or their known servants, or agents, with their several and respective names and place of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid write off, from the entries made at the time and times the tobacco con-7 G 2 taifled

580 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

tained in such account was imported, and against each and every particular ship in 1779"^0, which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogffield, calk, chefti Chap. 2 or othe, package contained in such account of tobacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in the very same manner and form as if the fame tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any importer or importers of tobacco (ha!] neglect to give in such account as aforesaid at the time and in such manner and fonn in all respects to all intents and purposes, as is herein before directed and required, or in case such account shall, at the time the fame is given in or at any time afterwards, appear to be false and fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, she, or they knowingly offending in any or either of the cases aforesaid shall forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds for every hoglhcad or other package of tobacco, an account of which is omitted to be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account shall knowingly be given; and the person or persons, to whom such tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their known servant or agent, to (ign such account as aforesaid, or knowingly Cgning any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for every such hogshead or other package of tobacco, of which no account or for which a fraudulent account is knowingly given.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons, who from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall import any tobacco into this kingdom from Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's plantations in America, and shall fell or deliver the fame or any part thereof to any person or persons whatsoever, shall within fourteen days after the delivery thereof out of his custody to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, or their order, give and deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the port or place, where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number as specified in the manifest'of every hogffield, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco, so fold or delivered, with tile name of the ship or ships in which the fame was imported, and times when, and also the.landing mark and number set on each hogffield, cak, chelk, or other pack" age, at the time of their importation into this kingdom, with the cxaA weight which all, and each, and every such hogflteads, calks, chests, or other packages, and the tobacco therein contained, were of at the time of their being first landed in this kingdom, and also the exact weight thereof at the time of their sale, or delivery to the

The nineteenth and twentieth. Tears o/7. George III. 5^ ?:

the purchaser or pnrchafers thereof; which account shall be.'signed by such im-: A. , D.: porter or importers, or one of his, her, or their known ferrants or agents, and also 1779'®0' by such person or persons to whom such tobacco is fold or delivered, or one of his, Qiap. 23. her, or their known servants or agents, with their feverat and respective names and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid write off from the entries, made at the time and times the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against: each and every particular ship in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco contained in such account, in the same manner and form as if the said tobacco had been delivered for ciportation; and in case any importer or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such> account as aforesaid at the time, and in such manner and form in all respects, and to all intents and purposes, as is herein before directed and required, or in case such account shall at the time the fame is given in, or at any time afterwards appear to be false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, she, or they knowingly offending in any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum of thirty pounds for every l^gihead or other package of tobacco, an account of which is omittedrto be given as before directed, or of which a wrong account shall be knowingly given.; and the person or persons, to whom or to whole order such tobacco shall have been fold, or delivered, neglecting by him, her, or themselves, or his, her, or their known servant or agent, to (ign such account as aforesaid, or knowingly Ggning any fraudulent account, shall also forfeit anil lose the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogshead or other package of tobacco, of which no account or for which a fraudulent account is knowingly given.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any tobacco shall happen to receive damage on board any ship or vessel by (tress of weather at Tea, or any damage by any ship or reflets being forced on shore, or if any uriforefeen accidents should happen after the arrival of any ship or vessel in port by the ships bulging on an anchor, or by the tighter into which the tobacco is put in order to be laid on land,'or by any such like accidents, whereby such tobacco shall Teceive damage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners or collectors, or other chief officers of his Majesty's revenue, to allow and pay to the importer at the rate of one halfpenny for every pound of such tobacco for which the importer shall refuse to pay or secure the full duties, and which

5 82 Tfo nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

shall be cut off or separated from the found in order to be burned, or othctwife 1779-80. publicity destroyed by the officers of his Majesty's revenue, so as such allowance Chap. 23* dull not exceed thirty shillings for all the tobacco damaged in any one single hpgf-' head imported; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no drawback shall be allowed on any tobacco exported in any package containing lefi than four hundred and twenty five pounds weight, except such tobacco as shall be cut or rolled; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, there shall be allowed only at the scale eight pounds for draught upon every hogshead, that shall contain four hundred and twenty five pounds of tobacco or more, which allowance ihadl not be deducted upon exportation.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day day of Jurst one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the collector or other proper officer or officers of the revenue in the port of Dublin, and also at every port or place in this kingdom where any tobacco shall be imported after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty from Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's plantations in America, do once in every calendar month transmit or deliver to such person, as shall be deputed and appointed by the chief commissioners of the revenue for the time being to receive the same, one of the land waiters bools, in which his account is entered and kept of the landing and discharging of tobacco, imported in any ship or vessel at such port or place from Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's plantations in Americi, and also true and exact copies of every entry of tobacco for exportation, and of the several and respective indorsetnents relating thereto which are delivered to the searcher, or ptoper officer or officers at such port or place, where any such tobacco is entered and shipped for exportation (0 foreign parts, and also true and exult copies of every account, which pursuant to the directions herein before given shall be delivered to any officer or officers of the revenue at such port or place of tobacco intended to be manufactured by the importer or importers thereof, on his, her, or their own account, ot which shall be delivered by the importer or importers thereof

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 583

of to any other person or persons whatsoever to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers, and also true and exact copies of every account, 1779-80. which pursuant to the directions herein before given shall be delivered to any offi- Chap. S3* cer or officers at such port or place by the importer or importers of tobacco, sold by them to any other person or persons whatsoever; which said several accounts are to be kept by the said person, who shall be deputed and appointed as aforesaid, who is to keep proper books, and enter therein the said several and respective accounts so transmitted or delivered to him; which several entries shall be made and an account thereof kept in such manner and form, that the marks and numbers on every hogshead, calk, or other package of tobacco, with the weights thereof at the importation thereof, may be compared and chequed with the marks, numbers, and weights at the exportation thereof, or when fold or delivered for home confutation, or to be manufactured, to the intent that the identity of all such tobacco imported, exported, fold, or delivered to be manufactured, may be thereby known and ascertained; and when any thing shall appear to him to be done or practised at any port or place contrary to the directions and intentions of this act, he shall immediately ttansmit an account thereof In writing to the commissioners of the revenue for the time being at Dublin; and if any collector or other chief officer or officers of the revenue at any port or place of this kingdom shall neglect or refuse to transmit and deliver one of the land waiters books, and a true copy of every cntTy of tobacco for exportation, and of the several indorsements relating thereto herein before mentioned and defccibed, and also true copies of all, or any, or either of the accounts herein before mentioned and described, within the time and times herein before limited and appointed for that purpose, he and they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit fifty pounds for every such negkft or refusal, to be sued for, recovered, levied, and divided in the manner herein after provided.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall import any tobacco into this kingdom from Great Britain, or any of his Majesty's plantations in America, shall within the space of twenty one calendar months, to be reckoned and computed from the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, transmit and deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the port or place, where any such tobacco is imported, a true account in writing under his hand and their re-j H t speftive

5 84 7/k nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

spective hands of al! such tobacco, which he shall at the time of giving in such 1779-80. account haye in his custody, power, or possession; which account shall contain Chap. 23. (he number of hogllieads, caflts, chests, cases, or other packages, in which such tobacco is contained, together with all, and each, and every of the several and respective marks, numbers, and weights fee upon all, and each, and every such hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other package, and the particular warehouses, ilore-houses, cellars, or other places, where the fame are then lodged and lie j and all and every such person or persons shall from and after the expiration of the aforesaid term of twenty one months transmit and deliver annually and every year between the ftrfl: and twenty ninth days of September in each year to.such collector or other chief officer of the revenue at the port or place where any such tobacco is imported, a true account in writing under his and their respective hands of all such tobacco, which he shall at the time of giving in such account have in his custody, power, or possession, which has been entered in this kingdom eighteen months or more at the time of giving in such account; which account (hallalfo contain the number of hogsheads, caflts, chests, or other packages in which such ;tobacco is contained; and also all, and each, and every of the several and respective marks, numbers, and weights set upon all, and each, and -every such hogfltead, calk, chest, or other package, and the patticularwatehouses, storehouses, cellars, or other places, where-th: fame arc then lodged and lie; and every such collector or otbet chief officer is upon receipt of such accounts forthwith to cause the several and respective goods contained in-such accounts to be examined thereby, and then to transmit such accounts to the person appointed by the commissioners of the revenue for keeping the accounts herein before mentioned; and if any importer or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such account and accounts as aforesaid at the time and times, and in such manner and form in ‘all respects, as is herein before limited, directed, and appointed, or if such account or accounts shall upon examination appear to be false or fraudulent in any respect whatever, he, she, or they so offending in both ot either of these cases shall forfeit and Jofethe sum of fifty pounds for each and every such offence.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall at any time or times hereafter in order to defeat any of the purposes or intents of this act erase, cut out, burn out, blot out, or in any wise 3 whatsoever

The inneteehth and 'twentieth Years of George III. 5&|

whatsoever, alter, change, or defhcc any mark ‘dr 'number, marks or Yitim'bdft, A'. D. whatsoever, which WaS burnt in oVfet upon any hogflfea'a, :csfc, chest, iafe, Mr 177^-86. other package Whatsoever of tbbiecO in Great Britain, 'dr 'the plantations in America, or which was burnt in or set thereon in this kingdom upon the importation or landing thereof, Or which Wats burnt in dr set thereon in this kingdom upon the Exportation thereof from thence, he, (lie, and they so offending shall forfeit and lose the'sum of twenty pounds for each hogih'cad, caftt, chest, case, or Other package whatsoever of tobacco, the mark whereof shall be so 'altered or defaced as aforesaid, to be filed for, recovered, levied, and divided, as is herein after dii’eded.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 'from and after the said twenty fonfth day of June one thousa'ftd seven hundred and eighty, no tobacdo nhmanuFaflured ‘shall be loaden dr laid on board in Jtny ship ‘or Vessel Whatsoever in any port or place whatsoever in this kingdom to the intent to be exported but in calks, shells, or cases, containing lour hundred and ’twenty five pounds weight or more of tobacco in each calk, cited, or case, under the penalty of the forfeiture of fitch tobacco, and of the cast, chelft, or'ease containing the fame, except calks or other packages containing samples of tobacco shipped and exported at the same time and place, and with the fame hoglhcads or cades, out of which such samples were taken, and the fade goods and pickage '(hall and may be seized and profccumd by any, officer or'officeiu of the VeVcnue in such manner and form, as herein after is provided.

XXIX. And be it further ehaEleA byjthe authority aforesaid, That no drawback shall be allowed for any tobacco, which is miked With ruhbffh, or dirt, oV any other nutter or thing whatsoever; and all and every person or pekfon's, Who shall enter or Ship for exportation, or cause to be entered or shipped Tor 'exportation, any tobacco mixed With rubbish, or with dirt, or any other matter or thing Whatsoever, or who shall enter any thing as tobacco Tor exportation, and which upon examination by the proper officers shall appear not to be tobacco, thill forfeit Mi such goods, hml the casks and Other package, in Which they are 'contained, and Mtb the fuAi of fifty pounds fov each 'and every hogfheid or'o'ther package thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the (kid twenty fourth da y of June, one tliou'fthd fercii hundred and eighty,

Yol. XT. 7 1

no

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

no tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped for exportation to any parts beyond the fcas, Great Britain only excepted, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, unless such ship or vessel shall be of the burthen of seventy tons or upwards; and if any officer or officers of the revenue shall apprehend, or have reason to believe, that any such ship or vessel bound to foreign parts, and tobacco on board her, shall not be of the burthen of seventy' tons and upwards, it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers to (lop and detain such ship or vessel, and the whole cargo laden on board her, and all other goods, until he or they shall cause such ship or vessel to be admeasured in manner herein after mentioned; and if it shall appear by such admeasurement, that any ship or vessel is of the bur, then of seventy tons or upwards, the officer or officers, so (topping and detaining her and her cargo, shall not be subject or liable to any action for damages occasioned by such Itoppage and detention; and if the matter or commander of any ship or vessel outward bound to foreign parts, having tobacco on board her, shall enter and clear out such ship or other vessel in the collector's books at the custom house as of the burthen of seventy tons or upwards, and such ship or vessel shall not be of so great burthen according to the admeasurement prescribed, he shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence.

XXXIa And for preventing disputes concerning the admeasurement of such ships or vessels, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the following rule shall be observed therein j that is to say, the length shall be taken on a (traight line along the rabbet of the keel of the ship from the back of the main (tern port to a perpen. dicular line from the fote part of the main (tern under the bowsprit, from which fubllradting three fifths of the breadth, the remainder shall be esteemed the just length of the keel to find the tonnage t and the breadth shall be taken from the outside of the outside plank in the broadelt place of the ship, be it cither above or below the main whales, exclusive of all manner of doubling planks that may be wrought upon the fides of the ship, then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth so taken, and that product by half the breadth, and dividing the whole by ninety four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonage; accord, ing to which rule the tonage of all such ships and vessels shall be measured and ascertained; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty,

6 when

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

S87

whore any ship or vessel whatsoever under the burthen of seventy tons, coming or A.D. arriving from parts, except Great Britain, or having cleared outwards in this king- IJJQ-80. dom for parts, except Great Britain, and having on board one hundred pounds Chap. -2 3* weight of tobacco, or any tobacco (talks or items itript from the leaf, or fifty pounds weight of fnulf, shall be found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within two leagues of the shore thereof, or shall be discovered to have been within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable necefli-;y and distress of weather, of which necessity and distress the mailer, purser, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice to and make proof of before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue of such port as aforesaid immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel into the said port, all such tobacco, and tobacco (talks, or (terns (tript from the leaf, and snuff, together with the hogshead, bags, boxes, calks, or other package whatsoever, containing tire fame goods, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and loll (whether bulk shall then have been broken or not) and the mailer or other person taking charge of every such ship or vessel shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, and the fame goods and package shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the value thereof be sued for, by any officer or officers of the revenue in such manner and form, as herein after is provided 'j any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any ship or vessel whatsoever above the \ burthen of seventy tons, having such goods on board as aforesaid, either homeward bound or outward bound, shall be found at anchor, or hovering as aforesaid, and no notice of distress being given as aforesaid, the mailer or other person taking charge of every such ship or vessel shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in cases where any forfeitures are created in respect of, or drawbacksdifallowed for, any tobacco in packages under five hundred pounds weight by any law heretofore made in this kingdom, no forfeiture shall be incurred, nor any drawback refused, on account of any such package not being of the weight of five hundred pounds, if the fame contains four hundred and twenty five pounds; any thing in said law to the contrary notwithstanding.

7 I

c§8 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of 'Gfcoige III.

A, U.

XXXIV. And He it fitftheV veaQxa by <t»e authority 'aforeflu'd* That all arid tm-X0. every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this act, shall and may Chap. -23> be sted for, Wcovered, levied, and applied tn Inch 'manner and form, and by Inch ‘ways and means, sind with such poWer 5 4nd authorities, "ft Ste prefc’ribtd, directed, and appointed in and by an act of Parliament made in ‘th'e fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charle's 'the feCohd, entitled, An iiel fir settling the excise or new impoji upon his Majesty, 'his 'hihrs 'ahS ftieeefor's, amri'ing to 'the hoot of 'rates thereih biferted, as fully aild 'effectually to all lrife’nts, coii-ftrttftidns, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, and a-pressed, and re-Enacted in the body of 'this pri'sent aft, with She like rentedy of appeal to and fdr the patty or ’parties who shall think him, her, or them-selve's aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of eicife is provided.

XXXV. And be it enactedhy the authority hfbVesaid, That in all cases where the importers of tobaCcO 'shall in part pay arid in part fecuVe the 'duties thereon as a'fotesaid, the sums paid doWn by th'eih after the tsitbS irfoVesaid of 'five poinds nineteen Ihifhngs eighteen twentieth parts of a penny and one half of a twentieth, or if strarrgers of seven pounds fetch shillings aftd fit pehce thfee twentieth path of a penny and one third pari of a twentieth, shall be taken and deemed* and ire hereby declared to be, so 'paid On account of the hereditary ’custom die unto his Maje'ltys and that so notch of the duties, for Which TecuVity shall be given as aforesaid, as together with said sums so pSid in 'ready rtioney shall be sufficient tbia. fwer the whole of the'hereditary duties due On the import of such tobacch to tiij Majesty, shall When paid be 'placed tb rise account O'f his Majesty's hereditary revenue.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pet-foil or periods (hill at any 'tithe or times be sued or prosecuted for any thing, br him Or 'thein done or 'executed ih pthfba'nce b'f or by virtue of this act, or of any matter, ot thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and inky plead 'the general We, and give this act dhd the special matter ih evidence.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

CHAP. XXIV.

An act for the better regulation of the flk manufacture.

WHEREAS it would be for the benefit of persons employed in the silk weaving branch, if the Dublin Society were empowered to settle between the matter weavers and their journeymen the price of labour in the several branches of the said manufacture: therefore be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty the wages and Wage* of prices for work of the journeymen silk weavers within the city of Dublin and the adjacent liberties for the distance of two miles !n, Uu.l,lmanl1

' , liberties two

and a half round from the cattle of Dublin shall be regulated, miles ami a settled, and declared by the Dublin Society, who are hereby, the^cafu"*1 authorized and empowered from time to time, upon application being made to themjfor that purpose, to settle, regulate, order, tin Society, and declare the wages and prices of work of the journeymen silk I+ j;ty5 weavers working within the limits aforesaid; and shall and may uubhlk, J "

° . expence of

within the space of fourteen days next after the making every persons ap* such order cause the same to be printed and published at the f,!'t"oDub-S reasonable expence of the person or persons applying for the fame lin Pat,ers> three times in any two news papers published in Dublin, which sufficient publication shall be deemed and allowed to be sufficient notice notlct’ and publication thereof} and from and after publication thereof b> all matter silk weavers and their journeymen are hereby strictly journeymen, required to observe the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Giving more after the said first day of August any master silk weaver within " the aforesaid district, who shall give more or less wages, or pay journeymen larger or finaller prices, to any of the journeymen weavers afore- tied, forfeit said for their work, than shall be settled or allowed as aforesaid, ?"otm&m

1 % / before two

and shall he convicted of the said offences before any two of his juttiecs not Majesty's justices of the peace within the district or jurisdiction a!>0',: so1' aforesaid, where the said offence shall be committed, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witness’es, lie shall forfeit such sum not exceeding fifty pounds, as said justices shall think proper, to be levied by distress and l'ale of the offender’s b), Jlllri,rj goods; and the said penalty, when recovered, shall be paid into a,ui f j1'’ (| the hands of the matter of the weaver’s company, first deducting matter ur Vol. XI. 7 K the f,r

589

A.D. 1779.b’o.

59 Q theteejtfb and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

the expence of such prosecutioti, to be by him applied toward* 1779-80. the support of the school for the education of children of poor . Chap. 24. manufacturers in the city of Dublin. roTtiieibhoc! HI- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that toufaurers4" any iourneyman weaver or weavers within the district aforesaid shall a(k, receive, or take more or less wages, or larger or smaller man°Sg"or Pr'ces> for the work than shall be settled as aforesaid, or shall taking more enter into any combination to raise the wages or prices of laid bining’to raise work, or for this purpose shall decoy, folidit, or intimidate any 'cmnng or in-" iourr>eyman or journeymen weavers within the district aforesaid, timidating so that he or they quit their masters or mistresses, for whom they employe",qUlt hiall then be employed, and shall be convicted of any of the said iorfcit not offences on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or

above 409.

witnesses before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace within the district or jurisdiction aforesaid, every such if not paid journeyman shall forfeit a sum not exceeding forty shillings; and Mmndtted* if the said forfeiture be not immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices to commit the said offender to the house of correction to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months; the said forfeiture, when recovered, to be applied in the same manner as the forfeiture aforementioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that tices^on mfor- it shall and may be lawful for any two justices of the peace may summon within the jurisdiction aforesaid, on information upon oath made tocefti/y, before them by any person or persons whatsoever, that there is reason to suspect, that any master, mistress, or journeyman weaver within the jurisdiction aforesaid, hath been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, at request of such informant to issue their summons in writing, signed by any such two justices, requiring any clerk, foreman, apprentice, servant, or other person or persons employed or retained by such person, so suspected to have offended, or any other person or persons whatsoever whose attendance shall appear necessary for the purpose of giving evidence in the premisses, to attend and testify concerning the premiife j not attend- and if any person lo summoned shall not attend, and proof shall be i7fcr"ic!-r0<^ ma(k ^ie &rvice of such summons either personally or by unless cxcufc, leaving the fame a': the last or usual place of abode of such person, apprehend, it shall be lawful for such two justices or any other two justices of the peace within the said jurisdiction, and they are hereby required (unless a reasonable excuse be made for such non attendance to the satisfaction of such justices) to issue their warrant under their hands and Zeals for the apprehending and bringing him

not above 3 months.

applied as aforesaid.

Two juf-

2

f he nineteenth and twentieth years of Geoi'g£ III. <$ i

him or her before them, or some other two or more justices of A. t).

the peace within the said jurisdiction, to be examined touching ’779"®0-

the premisses; and if any such person so attending, or being ^iaP‘ 24*

brought before such justices, shall refuse to be examined, or give refuting t«

their testimohy touching the premisses, such person shall by the Km?,!"1'*

said justices be committed to the house of correction for one

month> unlcif

month, there to remain unless he or (lie mall sooner submit to submitung.

be examined and give testimony, as the law requires.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Appeal to aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for any person* Convicted

before any two justices of the peace as before mentioned, to appeal to the justices of the peace aftl-mbled at the next quarter security,

sessions to be held for the place, wherein such conviction shall be

made, giving immediate notice of such appeal, and finding fuf-

heient security to the satisfaction of such justices for being per-

fonally present at such quarter sessions, and for prosecuting the said appeal with effect, and abiding the judgment of the court;

and such justices in such quarter sessions shall finally hear and determined

determine the matter, and shall have power to award reasonablcat c':^non,

coils to either party, as to them shall l'eem just; and if such , Jolls to

conviction shall be affirmed at such quarter sessions, such appel- if conviQU

lant shall be committed to prison for the crime specified in the said conviction, and until payment of the costs so to be committed.

awarded.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Actions lot

‘ . 1 any matter

aforesaid, that no action mall be brought against any justice of done ..micr the peace, constable, or other officer, or against any other person brought in 6 or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever- done months, or committed under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, unless such action shall be brought within six calendar months1 next after the doing, or committing such matter or thing.

VII. Provided also, that if any action or suit shall hereafter be._Cencml

commenced or prosecuted againli ally person or persons for any nnd’rjccirf’1*’

thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, such j,n

person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act.

and the special matter in evidence i and if the plaintiff shall be. *ni ful*

1 1 - , r , colls on non-1

come non suited, or suffer discontinuance, or1 forbear further suit, &c. prosecution, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their full costs, for which he, she, or they shall have like remedy, as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

592 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

VIII. And whereas it frequently happens, that materials ufoi 1779-80. in the manufacture before mentioned are found or known to be Chap. 24. concealed in the possession of persons, who hare received the fame knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, or of persons known not to be intitled to dispose of the fame: and whereas the discovery and conviction of the purloiners and embezzlers, buyers and receivers of such materials, is full of difficulty from the close and clandestine manner, in which the offence is committed, and there is Hill greater difficulty in proving, whose property such materials are, and it would tend to the discouragement and suppression of such offences, if the discovery and conviction of such TVojuf- offenders were rendered more ea(y: be it further enacted by the ofcauf" to'h authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for any two suspect con- justices of the peace for the district aforesaid, upon complaint purloin^" made to them upon oath by any one credible person (or being of on warrant"^ PeoP'e called quakers, upon solemn affirmation) that there is cause search cause to suspect, that any such purloined or embezzled materials, b>’da>’* whether mixed or unmixed, wrought or unwrought, are concealed in any dwelling house, out house, yard, garden, or other place or places, by virtue of a warrant under their hands and seals to cause every such dwelling house, out house, yard, brought garden, or place to be searched in the day time; and if any such »jthp'rf'>nj materials, suspected to be purloined or embezzled, shall be found bc/bre two therein, to cause the fame, and the person or persons in whole justtcen, house, out house, yard, garden, or other place the same shall be found, to be brought before any two justices of the peace for iffntisfac- the district aforesaid; and if the said person or persons shall not SK? give an account to the satisfaction of such justices, how he, (he, n!?pmi'ifh°d 01 ^y came ^y the fame, then the said person or persons so as herein, offending shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a milile-towhomte0/meanour> an(l shall be punished in manner herein after men-longing. tioned, although no proof shall be given, to whom such materials belong.

Pace

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that °Mchm"n on evei7 Peace officer or constable in the district aforesaid, and every duty mag beadle within his ward, parish, or district, and every watchman, psrfonscon- during such time only as he is on his duty, shall and may ap-sunset focir Prehend or cause to be apprehended all and every person or per-suspected fons, who may be reasonably fufpccded of having or carrying, or materials, any wayS conVeying at any time after fun retting and before fun rising any of such materials fuipefted to be purloined or embezzled, and the fame, together with such person or persons, as soon as before Tjuf- conveniently may be, convey or carry before any two justices of trees, the

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

the peace for the district aforesaid, or in which the suspected A.D.

person or persons shall be apprehended; and if the person or 1779-80*

persons so apprehended in conveying any such materials shall not Chap. 24.

produce the party or parties duly entitled to dispolb thereof, '

from whom he, she, or they bought or received the fame, or party intit led,

some other credible witness, to testify upon oath (or being of the

people called quakers) upon lblemn affirmation to the sale or or

delivery of the said materials (which oath or affirmation respect oathof&le

tively such justices are hereby empowered to administer) or shall not give an account to the satisfaction of such justices, how he, account not

ihc, or they came by the fame, then the said person or persons

so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mif- tt^’1,n0°m1>^of

demeanor, and be punished in manner herein after mentioned, longing.

although no proof shall be given, to whom such materials be-

long.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Rrafon-aforesaid, that in either of the two cases last before mentioned, when any person or persons, who shall be brought before any pointed to two justices of the peace, shall request of such justices to ap- Kery* ° point a reasonable time to produce the person or persons duly entitled to sell or dispose of the fame, of or from whom he, she, or they bought or received the fame, or some one or more credible witnesses to prove the sale or delivery thereof, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said justices, and they are hereby authorized and required, to appoint such reasonable time as aforesaid, and to iflite out a summons to the constable or other and fom. peace officer of the parish or place, where such person or persons or such witness or witnesses shall respectively relide, requiring him, her, or them to appear before two or more justices at such time ami place, as shall be so appointed by such justices, in order to be examined and give evidence on oath or being of the people called quakers solemn affirmation of the several matters aforesaid; but such person or persons at the time of making such re- on recog. quell shall enter into a recognizance with or without lurety or ni,:>ncc*<* lurches, as such justices shall think proper, for his, her, or their appearance before them at the time to be set or appointed, or m;"«a°tiii the for want of such recognizance as aforesaid shall be committed, time appoint-until the time, that shall be set or appointed by the said justices for the appearance of such party or parties, witness or witnesses; and ,f co, if at such appointed time such person or persons shall be convicted _£" of any of the offences aforesaid, then and in such case he, ii«aa after, die, or they shall suffer Inch punishment, as is herein after directed to be inflicted on persons guilty of such offences.

7 L

594 The nineteenth and twentieth years'of George IE

A.D.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 1779-80. where any person or persons shall be convicted of a misdemta-Chap. 24. nour of either the two cases last before mentioned, it shall and V^awd",'may be lawful for the justices, before whom the conviction shall toenail he, to cause the said materials so found or seized as aforesaid to the church^ be deposited in the hands of the church wardens of the parish, ’Sd'"s n°l whel'ein such materials are found or seized, for any time not cx-days,3 ceeding thirty days, and in the mean time to order the said church wardens, or one of them, to insert an advertisement in amt adver- f°me one or more of the publick news papers, usually published tifoi, ;n or near fucij place, and also to cause notice to be given by some publick cryer, and by fixing up notice on some publick place within the same, describing such materials, and where the lame are deposited, to the end that persons having loft such mi-terials, or any person or persons in their behalf, may come and claim the fame j and in case any person or persons can prove his, if property her, or their property in the said materials upon oath, or (bring ititutionor- People called quakers) upon his, her, or their folemtt af-

<fcred, paying firmation to the satisfaction of any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said district, then such justice or jut tices shall order restitution of such materials to the owner or owners thereof after paying the reasonable charges of removing, depositing, and giving publick notice of the fame; but if before proved in 50 the end of the said thirty days, no person or persons shall come faS ani' prove his, her, or their property in such materials, nor any reputable person or persons on his, her, or their behalf, then the said justices shall order and direct the same to be sold for tie belt price, that can reasonably be had, and after deducing such charges as aforesaid together with the charges of falc oik one moiety moiety of the money arising from such sale shall be given to tk nfprehfndiny Person or persons, or either of them, who shall apprehend or or prosecut- prosecute the offender or offenders guilty of either of themif-appoint1"111'* demeanours aforesaid, as the said justice or justices shall appoint, and the other moiety thereof either to and amongst the poor of the parish where the conviction shall be, or to such publick charity or charities as the justice or justices convicting shall appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifdc-meanour in having in his or her possession any materials fill-pected to be purloined or embezzled,' and not producing the id^ci. every party or parties being duly intitled to dispose of the fame, of (Other 40l. whora fog or flle bought or received the lame, nor giving a latil-5 factor-' '

a publick notice given and affixed^ describing them)

chaigcS)

if not

the other

to the poor

Dr publick charity.

Person* ‘adjudged guilty ofmif-demeanor, forfeit lit offence sot.

'‘Tie nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 595

faffory account how he or she came by the lame, or of a mif- A.D. demeanour in having, carrying, or conveying of the said ma- 1779-80* terials suspected to be purloined or embezzled, and not produc- Chap. 24. ing the party or parties being duly entitled to dispose of the fame, ' of whom he or she bought or received the fame, nor any credible witness to testify upon oath, or being of the people called quakers upon solemn affirmation, the sale or delivery thereof, nor giving a satisfactory account how he or she came by the fame, as the case shall be, shall for every such misdemeanour forfeit for the first offence the sum of twenty pounds, and for the second offence the sum of thirty pounds, and for every subse- (.

quest offence the sum of forty pounds; all which said respective and tale on forfeitures shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the ,vi,r‘ goods and chattles of every such offender, rendering to him or her the overplus, after the charges of the said distress and sale arc deducted, by warrant under the hands and fcals of the justices before whom such offender shall be deemed and adjudged guilty j of which forfeiture, one moiety shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and amongst the poor tomformer^ of the parish, where such conviction shall be, or to such publick or publick charity or charities as the justices conviding shall appoint j and cl,;f"olruf. if no sufficient distress shall be found whereon to levy the re- licimt <iif-spective forfeitures, then the said justices shall and may commit every such offender, so respectively deemed and adjudged guilty as aforesaid, to the common goal or other prison, or house of correction within his or their jurisdiction without bail or main-prize for the space of one month, and to be once publickly whip- ,<J °fTcnc^ ped, and for the second offence for the space of two months and twice whip-to be twice publickly whipped, and for every subsequent offence p^’cry other for the space of six months and to be thrice publickly whip- 6 months

ant] thrice.

pcd.

XIII. And whereas it sometimes happens by occasion of a very long detention of such materials as aforesaid, delivered out table lioun to journeymen or other persons employed to work up the fame, it cannot be known to the matters or owners of such materials, trance into whether the fame may have been purloined or embezzled, or [ilXoutcs whether the said materials are wholly or in part wrought or be- JJj^j'to gun to be wrought, or in what Hate or condition such materials »wk up ma-may be: for remedy thereof be it enacted by the authority IwXe aforesaid, that from and after the first day of August one thou- worli

' r t r \ on, an"

land seven hundred and eighty it shall be lawful for the owner or the

owners of any such materials from time to time, as occasion shall ,t,0"

require,

596 A.B.

*779-3©.

Chap. 24.

on refusal

*flot above 408. nor under 10$. forfeited, recovered and applied as for poflef-sing such materials without satisfac-torjr account.

Offender cot able to pay fine, delivered to the sheriff to be publicity whipped,

sheriff shall causeitto be executed according to sentence.

Dublin Society to foperintend silk manufacture, and

make orders and bye laws, obeyed by all concerned.

Not contrary to any law in force.

Not tranC Rwfliny orders or bye laws of Dublin Society not subject to jwnalty by any law this session relat ing therrto.

No alteration in prices of labour, without hear-'

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. require, to demand entrance, and enter at ail reasonable hours id the day time into the (hops or outlioufes of any person or persons employed by him or them to work up any of the said materials, or other place or places where the work shall be carried on, and there to inspect the state and condition of such materials, and in case of refusal by any such person or persons so employed to permit such entrance or inspection, he, she, or they so refusing shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding forty shillings nor less than ten shillings, as the justices, before whom he, she, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as is by this act directed for the misdemeanour of being in the possession of any such materials without being able to account satisfactorily for such possession.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that any offender convicted of embezzling or concealing, or in whole possession any such materials may be found, and not being able to pay the fine or fines imposed by this act, he, she, or they Brail be delivered into the custody of the sheriff of the city or county of Dublin, according to the place where such offence shall be committed, to be by them publickly whipped according to the intent and meaning hereof; and the sheriff of the said district or jurisdiction is hereby authorized and required to execute or cause the same to be executed according to the sentence of the said justices.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Dublin Society shall and may superintend the (ilk raanufac. ture, and make such orders, bye laws, and regulations, touching all matters pertaining thereto, as shall appear to them useful and necessary, and that all persons concerned in the said manufacture shall obey all such orders of the Dublin Society.

XVI. Provided always, that no bye law lb to be made shall in any degree contradict, or be contrary to, any law or laws now in force.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that so long as any matters, mistresses, or journeymen silk weavers shall not transgress any of the said orders and bye laws of the Dublin Society in all matters concerning the silk manufacture, he shall not be subject to any penalty enacted by any other law passed this session of parliament for or in respect of the fame, or any matter or thing relating thereto.

XVIII. Provided that no alteration be made by the Dublin Society in the prices of labour without an examination and hearing

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George 1H. 597

ing of both matters, mistresses, and journeymen, before said al- A.D. teration is made. 1779-80.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if

any person or persons employed in winding raw or dyed ftlk, and journey, shall oil or grease the fame, and be convicted thereof before one "jf rawor or more justices of the peace, such person shall be sent to the house of correction for the space of fourteen days, and be once grated in publickly whipped. "S8,"*'

XX. Provided always, that this act shall continue for four

years from the:first day of August one thousand seven hundred Continued and eighty, and no longer. tiAog!°m

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that »7*o. wv this act shall be taken and allowed to be a publick act in dll aft. P" courts within this kingdom; and all judges and justices of the

peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XXV.

An act to explain an act, entitled, An act to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts.

WHEREAS the laws now in force concerning bankrupts A pbc< require several- amendments: be it enacted by the maybe >p* King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and con- Cictwn-sent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-feat parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, of commit, that from and after the passing of this act a proper place may be appointed by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commit- Hs'd» sioners for the custody of the great seal for the time being, where the proceedings of the commissioners of bankrupt shall be lodged, so that the fame may be at all times open to the inspection of f °^nt°jtl~ such person or persons, as have a right by the aforesaid acts to by fad acts, inspect the fame; in which appointment proper direction may be J*' given, in whose care or custody such proceedings shall be, and wfafc care, remain.

II. And whereas it has appeared, that the assignee or assignees When ift of bankrupts have neglected to make dividends among the bank- dividend not rupt’s creditors, and allb to lodge the money arising and received u?thTid" out of the bankrupt’s estate and effects in pursuance of the di-regions of the said recited acts: be it enacted by the authority commission, aforesaid, that as often as it shall happen, that the first dividend shall not have been made within twelve months after the ifshing >ii

r .__ , Moriday af*

Vol. XI. 7 M tlw ter* ice. sum-

59$ the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

the said commission, or that a second dividend shall not have ’1779-80. been made within eighteen months after iffuing the said commissi-Chap. 25. on, the said commissioners of bankrupt, or the major part of them, shall on the first Monday after the expiration of the said and examine twelve or eighteen months respectively, or as soon after as con-conduct, as to veniently may be after Hiking of the said commission, summon the assignee or assignees of such commission of bankruptcy, and shall fumifli examine the fame upon oath, or if a quaker upon solemn affir-banfaupt"°f matlon» respecting their conduct as assignees; and the said affig-estate, re- nees shall furnish an account of the particulars of the said bank-^ayme'nu/ rupt’s estate and effects, and of the money received, and pay. cefts for"’ ments mat^e out the fame, together with their respective

lodgments, vouchers, and also the banker’s receipts for films lodged by him ^account'"* or them, which account ligned by the said assignee or allig-jjsnedbyaf- nees the said commissioners shall enter among the proceedings tired by of the said commission; and if it shall appear to them, that any commission. assignee or assignees has or have not lodged the money avifing if assignees and received out of the bankrupt’s estates and effects in the man-lodged money ner direffed by the aforesaid acts, that then and in such case the diwfted’lf commissioners shall have power, should the said assignee or creditors, assignees of said bankrupt be a creditor under said commission, emnay flop to stop and detain out of his or their respective debt or debts the debtfi$cir ^um ten pounds for each hundred pounds, which the said aflig-every 100l. nee or assignees shall appear to them to have kept in his or their tobed'vfded‘hahds for the space of twenty one days, which sum is to bedivid-

tiiers in'^ro at:nong the other creditors of said bankrupt in proportion to portion to their respective debts; and if the said assignee or assignees should dCff not ere- not he a creditor or creditors under the said commission, or Mon* or not though a Creditor or creditors should not be entitled to receive a twend equal dividend equal to the aforesaid penalty, then the said commissioners shah have power to order and direct their clerk to bring brought in civil bill in the name of said clerk to the amount of said

name t* penalty, which when recovered is to be divided among the cre-

JXy°fthe ditors in manner as aforesaid; and the judge or judges, before dWidrd whom such civil bill shall be brought, shall be obliged to hear creditors^' and determine the fame, though it should exceed the sum of ed^th'"’ twenty pounds, and the said depositions and account taken and above aol. certified by said commissioners, verified upon the oath of fad andacCTu8 clerk, fhaN conclusive evidence.

coniRei.atti M. And whereas great expence and injury has arisen to the conciuf’ve. creditors of bankrupts by the debtors of bankrupts not paying dcbwfwt1’3 their debts to the assignees: be it enacted by the authority afore-paying aflig- said, that the debtor of every bankrupt, who shall not pay his, "ec5in3 , her,

¥hc nineteenth and twentieth pars of George III. 599

her, or their debts to the assignee or assignees of each commission, A. th within three months after issuing the commission, and demand 1779-80. made by or oh behalf of such assignee or assignees, shall be Chap. 25. obliged to pay over and above their said debt interest for the fame at the rate of six pounds per centum per annum from the *"dIhall time of such demand made. pay6/w /.

IV. And whereas great difficulty has arisen to the assignees of £l'rand,rom bankrupts in the recovery of small debts: be it enacted by the tl,c authority aforesaid, that in all cases where the debt shall not ex- above 20). ceed twenty pounds, a copy of the assignment of the comnuffi-

oners of the bankrupt’s estate and effects to the assignees under said commission shall be eonclusive evidence of the iffiung the the comimf-commidion, and of the person therein named being a bankrupt; ^Xuptej-, provided that said assignment shall have been entered on record in fa fa fa the office of the clerk of the enrolments of bankruptcy, whose r°,ns los-fee for enrolling fame shall not exceed twenty shillings, or for 'W i«-said copy thereof more than ten ftiillings.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in all cases of debts against bankrupts, alledged to be due by account, that the creditors Of such bankrupt shall produce a copy count, ere-of said account signed by himself, and swear to the truth there- p'X«^r of according to the best of his knowledge and belief.

VI. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen from the S ana, agents or clerks to different commissions of bankrupts being con- bc-fidered as officers belonging to the assignees appointed under the lief, &c. said several commissions, and hot subject to the controul ordirec- ag^fors M don of the commissioners named in said commissions, and have ?lcrk’ or,at-

' tngoutcom*

frequently refilled producing the proceedings under said comnuffi- mission, cow. ons to the commissioners, and in many Alliances have refused to obey their orders be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A"1 every person or persons, who shall act as agent or clerk, or who shall take out any commission of bankruptcy, shall be considered as secretary or clerk to the said commission, and under the con- controul, troul and directions of the said commissioners, and be obliged to take the oath following: "«

In debtv against bankrupts by ac.

I A.B. do Ju'ear, that during such tilne as Ishall be employed as agent or clerk to the commission, or in any wise concerning the proceedings in a commission of bankrupt, iffited and awarded and now in prosecution against I will faithfully and bomfily according to the befi oj my skill and knowledge write, take down, and transcribe all such depojitions and evidence of the said bankrupt, as of all others who shall be fvnrn and examined by or before the commissioners

6 oo The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

mtffloners under and by. virtue of the J'aid colmniffon, as I shall by tl> 1779-80. commissioners in the find commijion named, or the majority of them, lt Chap. 35. directed to write, takedown, or transcrihe-, and also that I milk like manner during such time safely and faithfully preferoe end keep from all kind of defalcation and embezzlement all such d/pf lions, evidences, and proceedings, while the same shall be by fail commissioners committed to my care; and that I will not kmrinjy use or permit to by used any fraud, deceit, or impoftion in fip. prejjing or concealing the truth, or suggesting of a falsehood, in rt-spect to any matter or thing, which may in any wise tend it cr prevent the due and effectual execution of the several powers anl trusts by law reposed in said commissioners.

So help-me Gel

Aaingas

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that any

wSSIg’ Pe^oil or persons acting as messenger or messengers, and who

commission, shall issue any commission of bankruptcy, or when issued out

S aaing as" shall act as agent in such commission, he shall from such time be

jgf — considered incapable for ever after of holding the office of mef-

ing mcflen- fengerj and every messenger, shall before the commissioners ex-

ge?,. n-, L. ecute their warrant of seizure to him, take before them the fol-

oath before lowing oath, that is to say: warrant of 0 4

seizure.

I A.B. do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and hemflly according to the befi of my skill and knowledge execute the J’everal orders, which I shall receive from the commissioners, or the major purl of them in this said commission, awarded and issued against C.D. and that I will not knowingly use, or permit to be used, any fraud, deceit, or impoftion in suppressing or concealing the truth, or Jitggejliq any falsehood, in respect to any matter or thing which may in any viift tend to prevent the due and effectual execution of the several me-nants and trusts by law reposed in said commissioners, or that I ssill not by myself, or any other person in truf for me, have any interijl, employment, or concern in the said commijion in any other capacity whatsoever, except that of messenger. So help me God.

On a(Ma

VIII. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen to credi-rit oferedi- tors living out of this kingdom, and who have applied for coming here^c-" m>fl*ons of bankruptcy: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, f°strathe fti’ t'lat an affidavit or solemn affirmation of any creditor, notre-plsc" siding in this kingdom, being made before the magistrate of the s&sr?* town> or place, and certified by one or more notary pub-

for lives, of licks where the creditor lives, of the amount of his or her debt, amount of

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George. HI. 6ot

and that transmitted to Ireland, and exhibited to the lord chan- A.D. cellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, and-such 1779-80 creditor procuring one or more sufficierit person or persons to-ex- Chap. 25. ecute a bond to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal for the time being, as in the former act is

required for petitioning creditors, and that thereupon and in such lord chancd-cases the lord chancellor, or lord keeper* or commissioners of ^by form the great seal of Ireland for the time being, shall have full power rai?1.red to issue a commission of bankruptcy. ing creditors,

IX. And whereas great inconveniencies may arise from mem- ^ayhScd. bers of the house of commons, asrainst whom Commissions of .2"coin'

minion

bankruptcy may hereafter issue and be awarded, continuing to against a hold their feats in parliament: be it enacted by the authority JCpel*ded"0t aforesaid, that in all cases where a commission of bankruptcy and creditors lltall issue and be awarded against any such member or members, nos, paid; and shall not be superseded within six months from the time of or issuing thereof, and the creditors proving their debts under the if debts diflame shall not be paid or satisfied to the full amount thereof, r,pt not «.* under the said commission, within six months after the issuing of such commission or otherwise, with respect to such of the debts, sureties to pay (if any) as lltall be disputed by such bankrupt or bankrupts, he eSa-W" 01 they shall not within the time aforesaid enter into a bond or ^'^th bonds in such sum and sums, and with two sufficient sureties, as missionm the said commissioners or the major part of them lltall approve g m0Mh"he of, to pay such sum or sums as shall be recovered or established certify the in any action, suit, or other proceeding in law or equity, con- [-prater, cerning such debt or debts, together with such costs as shall be given in the fame, that then the commissioners, or the major part of them named in such commission, shall, and they are hereby required, immediately after the expiration of six months from the issuing of the said commission, to certify to the speqker of the house of commons, that such commission had issued, and was not superseded within the time aforesaid and that the creditors proving their debts under the said commission were not paid or satisfied to the full amount thereof under the said commission within six months from the time of issuing thereof; and that such bond or bonds as herein before mentioned had not been entered into within that time, with le-spect to such of the debts, if any, as the bankrupt or bankrupts i>»nkrupt’t shall dispute, and thereupon the feat of such bankrupt or bank- J^'^raitt, rupts shall be confulered vacant in all respects, and the speaker (rfp"y'r shall issue his writ or writs to cleft a member or members to serve deft,

Vci. XI. 7 N

in

002 the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1n parliament in the place of such bankrupt or bankrupts j and 1779-80. fitch bankrupt or bankrupts, or any person against whom a coin-Chap, 25. niiflion of bankruptcy shall issue, shall from thenceforth be rendered incapable of being elected to serve in parliament, until his incapable of or their creditors shall be paid or satisfied the full amount of ^UUredUora their federal debts claimed and proved under the several commis-dcteproved ^10ns bankruptcy, as shall issue against them.

' under com- X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 01 Commisfi- *be commissioners already appointed or hereafter to be appointed onem in ab- by his Majesty for hearing causes in the court of chancery in chancellor, this kingdom in the absence of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, lormonT or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal, or any may heir and two or more of them, shall and may hear and determine all pe-moSnl'and titions and motions in cases of bankrupts, and make all such make'orfere'1 or^ers and directions from time to time in all matters and things in cases of ' touching and respecting the bankrupt laws in the absence or absence'or sickness of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissi-fiof ( oners for the Custody of the great seal for the time being; and in for, «ic. or all cases where the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commifli-rened.1"'11" oners for the custody of the great seal for the time being, shall or may be in any wise interested, as fully and effectually as the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal might, may, or could do, if present or in no ! wife interested therein. I

Mercantile

XL. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen to the cora-panSipsT erce of this country from mercantile companies not having shall fee forth set forth in their invoices, bills of parcels, promissory note.', and bills ofpar- custom house entries, the particular persons of whom such com-and entries’ Pan'es or partnerships confilts: therefore be it further enactctl names of the by the authority aforesaid, that all mercantile companies or individuals, pars-jjerships shall from and after the passing of this act let forth in their several invoices, bills of parcels, promissory notes, and custom house entries, the names of the several individuals, of which such partnership or company doth conftft.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act, and the said recited act of the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, and also an act, entitled, An act to prevent jmti committed by bankrupts who do not keep regular books of account, CTd°oVathLW an<^ the several provisions thereby made, shall continue and be in next feiEon. force for the Ipace of two years from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

This act, and xi & 12 G. 3* c. 8. and 17 fc 18 0.3. c. 18. continued 2 years from Hjime

CHAP.

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

603

A.D.

CHAP. XXVI. 1779-80.

M aS for amending the alls of the second and eighth years of the reign of his late Majesty king George the first, and of the f tjl year of his late Majesty king George the second, for recovery of small debts in u summary way by civil bill, as far as they relate to the aunty of Dublin.

WHEREAS under the acts of the second and eighth years 1G. 1: of the reign of his late Majesty king George the first, c‘sg. 1. and in the first year of his late Majesty king George the second,c-for recovery of small debts in a summary way by civil bill, such c. 14. recited. Of his Majesty's judges, or council learned in the law, who should with the justices of peace for the county of Dublin hold the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county of Dublin, were and are empowered at the said sessions to hear and determine certain causes of action for small debts and damages in said acts mentioned, as judges of assize were by said acts empowered to hear and determine the fame, and with like benefit of appeal for parties thinking themselves aggrieved by any decree or dismiss at said sessions, as was given by said acts from the decrees or difmilTes of said judge or judges of assize: and whereas under said acts such appeals could only be and were usually brought from any one of said sessions to the next, which hath often been the occasion of depriving persons appealing from the decrees and dismisses at said sessions under said acts of the true benefit of appeal according to the intendment of law, in as much as the fame judge or council learned in the law of his Majesty having of late time continued for years successively with the said justices to preside at said sessions, and to hear and determine such suits and appeals, so that the fame judge hath frequently since the making said acts heard and determined, and doth usually hear and determine, such appeals judge iWj brought from his own decrees and dismisses, which kind of pro- hK-n ceeding is contrary to the nature and spirit of appeal: for dco"*5* remedy whereof be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflcm-bled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the fat'd acts, first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty so "g}," ,',j much of said acts, as respect the right or manner of bringing ap-nealsfrom decrees, difmilfes, or orders of the said court of gene- general quar-

1 ter fcfiioni

repealed,

604 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

1779-80.'

appeal to chief justice of B.R. or C. B. or chief baron, or other justice of niji

ral quarter sessions under said acts, shall be repealed, and that from and after that day it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, that shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by’ariy decree, diiimfs. Or order, that shall after that time be made or’pronounced’at the said general quartef TelTLoris of the peace under br by virtue of laid acts, or anyofiheni, to appeal from the same to the chief justice of his Majesty's court of king’s

fitting/for bench or common pleas, or to the chief baron of his Majesty's DM, after court of exchequer, or other justice of nisi prim in said courts at mftTJlm, their'respective fittings of nisi prius for the city of Dublin; after the Easter or Michaelmas term next following the pronouncing c. 16. on aj>-! such'decree, dismiss, or order, in such and the same manner, and decrecTby under such fees, regulations, restrictions, and directions, as in the the recorder, act of the thirty first year of our said late king George the second with respectto appeals, brought or.sued from the'decree or dismiss of the recorder of said city of Dublin, is ordered and directed; said justice! and the said chief justices and chief baron, or other justices of thetrcou'rti" PT'm for the said city, are hereby empowered and required °1rotl!err., at their said fittings, which for this purpose they may hold in

place in said 0 1 1. ’ f

city, may their respective courts, or any other-convenient place in the fail determine city or, liberties thereof, and may continue by adjournments as »sbyPr?d’’ to . ^eem exPe<iient» to hear and determine the said ap-

aftaappoint- peals under such regulations, with such fees and powers, and in jifdges of Xt i"uch and the like manner, as by the said recited acts are limited, assize. provided, and appointed for appeals to the next going judges of

assize,

CHAP. XXVII.

An act to prevent the infliBion of the punishment of whipping mitt an aBpaJfed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, - entitled, An act for the regulation of the city of Cork, and for other purposes therein mentioned relative to the said city, without jiiji having the person, on whom such punishment shall be infilled, cavilled by a jury.

WHEREAS by an act made in the eleventh and twelfth

_____ years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An 'all fir

by 'or'and 1 ^Je better regulation of the city of Cork, and for other purposes thcrtlo justice of mentioned relative to the said city, power is given to the mayor or frfer often- any brie justice of the peace of the said city to order the persons whined' convicted of the offences therein mentioned to be publickly ’ whipped: be it enacted by die king’s most excellent Majesty by and

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George IIX1 605

and With the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That before any such order shall be made, the said mayor and justice of the peace shall summon or cause to be summoned by order under the hand and seal of such mayor or justice a jury of the inhabitants of the said city for the trial of every such offender; and unless such offender shall be convicted by the said jury, that no order shall be made for tvhip-

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 27.

no such order madp til) a jury of jnha* bitantj summoned for trial, ami convicted by said jury.

ping such offender.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of f Mon*

the'persons so summoned to attend on the said jury shall fail to failing to at-

attend at the time and place mentioned in the said summons, or to serve on the said jury, without having a lawful excuse, that fuI '«use.

J J1 0 on oath of

then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for service 24

the said mayor or justice of the peace, who has issued such summons, upon oath made before him, that such person has been

personally served with the said summons twenty four hours before till p»id.

the hour appointed for the said trial, to fine the said inhabitant

so summoned and failing as aforesaid, in any sum not exceeding

forty shillings, and to commit the said person to the gaol of the said city ’till such fine shall be paid.

III. Provided always, That the person so fined may appeal to Appeal to the next quarter sessions to be held for the county of the said city

and that in the mean time there shall be no proceedings on the said «dingson

r laid fines in

lines. mean time.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Said fines said fines shall be paid over to the use of the workhouse of the said city.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Juryman’s person serving on the said jury shall take the following oath j

which oath the said mayor or justice of the peace is hereby empowered and required to administer.

I A.B. do swear, that I will well and truly try the matters, that shall be given me in charge, and true vcrdiEl give according to the evidence. So help me God.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Not ntend-

' . n , , ed to other

laid, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any order to punishment be made for any other ptmishment to be inflicted under the said recited act, lave what relates to the said punishment of whipping, whipping.

Vol. XL

70

CHAP.

'6o6 *£he nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

TTSJ-So. CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons twbo have omitted to Qualify them* /elves.according to Lam*

WHEREAS several persons, well a Hefted, to his Majesty's government, and the church of Ireland, ashy law established, may have through ignorance negteft-. ed,or been prevented by(ickness,or other unavoidable causes, from taking and subscribing the oaths, and making, repeating, and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, and delivering a certificate thereof, accord-. ing to- the directions of an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, and may thereby have incurred great penalties: be it therefore enacted by the icing’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consentof the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons, who have incurred any penalties, and, incapacities in the said act, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, ;mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said act, ;shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged-of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, and penalties, incurred byreason of such omission . or neglect as aforesaid; and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by xeafou of such neglect or omission.; but all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be, as good and effectual, as if all and every such person and persons had taken and sub-.feribed the said oaths, and received the said sacrament, and delivered a certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and subscribed the said declaration, at such time, place, and manner as is therein mentioned; any thing in the said act to the contrary not* with Handing.

II. Provided always, That such person or persons do and shall take and subscribe the - ;said catlis, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said declaration, in such manner and form, and in such place and places, as are directed and appointed by the said act to prevent the further growth of popery, bn or before the twenty fourth day of ' June, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty one.

III. And whereas several of his Majesty's subjects are often preferred in the army, While they are redding in Great Britain, whereupon they are by the laws in force in that kingdom obliged to qualify themselves in some part of Great Britain by receiving the sacrament, taking the oaths, and subscribing the declaration thereby required, within the time mentioned in such law’s: and whereas the regiment or regiments, in which such officer or officers have commissions ib granted to them, are often ordered into this kingdom, and put upon this establishment, by which a doubt has arisen, whether such officer or officers, notwithstanding his or their having ..qualified themselves in Great Britain for such commission according to the said laws, are not by the said laws in force in this kingdom obliged to qualify them-ielves after their arrival here for such commissions according to an act of Parliament, passed in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty -queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further greioth of popery: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, ‘That no officer or officers so preferred in Great Britain, who shall have-qualified -him or themselves for such commission or commissions according to and within the limited time by the fiud laws made in Great Britain shall be obliged to qualify him or themselves in this kingdom for such commission or commissions-so granted to him or them in such regiment or regiments after their arrival in this kingdom, and being put upon this establiflmicnt} any law, uf.ige, or.cu(lom,.to the contrary notwithstanding.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

IV. Provided always, That this act, or any tiling herein contained, shall not exited to rellore or entitle any person or persons to any office or employment already actually avoided by judgment in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already filled np by any other person, but that such office or employment shall be and remain in the person or persons, who is or are now entitled by law to the fame, as if this act had never been made.

CHAP. XXIX.

An ASfor naturalizing such Foreign Merchants, Traders, Art's-ficers. Artisans, Manufacturers, Worhnen, Seamen, Farmers, and others, as shall settle in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the increase of people is a means of advancing the wealth and strength of any nation: and whereas many foreigners and strangers from the lenity of our government, the benefit of our laws, the advantages of our trade, the security of our property, and from the consideration of the plen-tifulness of all forts of useful and profitable commodities with which this your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland abounds, might be induced to settle in this kingdom, if they were made partakers of the advantages and privileges, which the natural born subjects of this realm do enjoy: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, From ift and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of September next, all foreign merchants, traders, artificers, y*10

r here, and

artizans, manufacturers, workmen, Teamen, farmers, and others, take follow-who shall transport him, her, or themselves to settle in any part f^wf of this kingdom, shall after his, her, or their arrival within this masffirate,

° . certified to

kingdom, and after his, her, or thetr taking the following oath chancery,

(or affirmation, if a quaker) before the chief magistrate of any j£Md'ra-city or town corporate in this kingdom for the time being, who ?"raJ fu',ic^t is hereby authorized to administer the said oath, and thereupon spect, as if to certify his, her, or their doing thereof, unto his Majesty's high court of Chancery there to remain on record, shall be deemed, adjudged, and reputed liege, free, and natural subject or subjects of this kingdom in every respedk, condition, and degree to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if he, she, or they had been or were born within -this kingdom; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding, whilst he, she, or they shall rclide within this kingdom., viz.

7 0 2

I

'6o£> The nineteenth, and twentieth Years ^’ George III.

A.D.

r779-8°- :t do take Almighty'God to-witness, that I will be

Whfid and bear true allegiance to our most gracious Sovereign Lord

TIk oath. King George the third, and him will defend to the utmof of my power againf all conspiradcs and attempts whatever, that fall ‘be made against his person, crown, and dignity and .1 will do my utmof . endeavour, to disclose and make known to his Majesty and his heirs all treasons and traitorous conspiradcs, which may be formed againf him or them: and Ido faithfully promise to maintain, supporl, and defend to the utmof of my power , the fticcession of the crown in his Majestys family againf my person.whatsoever; hereby utterly renouncing and . abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto, the person taking, upon himself thefile and title of Prince of Wales in the lifetime of hit father, and whofmee his death is said tobave ajfumedthefile and title of King of Great Britain mid Ireland by the name of Charles the third, and to . any.otkcrperson claiming or pretending a right to the crown of theft realms-.-, and I do swear, that I do rejcB and detefi as impious to believe, that it, is lawful to murder or defroy any person whatsoever for or under pretence of being a beretick, and also that impious principle that nofaith is to be kept with bereticis: and I further declare, that it is ho article of my faith, and that J do renounce, rejefl, and abjure the opinion, that princes excommunicated by the Pope and council or fa any authority of the See -of Rome, or by any authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered by theirfubjdts, or by any person whatsoever and Ido promise, that I will not bold, maintain, or abet any such opinion, or any other opinion contrary to what is expressed in this declaration; and I do declare, that I.do not believe, that the Pope of Rome,-or any other foreign prince, prelate, fate, or potentate bath or ought, to have any temporal or civil jttrfdiClion, power, superiority, or preeminence directly or indirectly within this kingdom; and I do solemnly in the presence of God Almighty profess, tefify, and declare, that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary sense of the words of this oath without any evafon, equivocation, or mental reservation whatever, and without any difpeifi- tion already granted by the Pope, or any authority of the See of Rome, or any person whatever, and without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or man, or absolved of this declaration., or any part thereof, although the Pope or any other person or authority whatsoever shall dispense with or annul the fame, or.declare, ihut.il was null and void from the beginning.

Bo help me God.

II. Provide!

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 609

II. Provided always, that no person, naturalized by this act, A.D Ml be enabled to serve in the present or any future parliament, 1779-80. nor to be of his Majesty's privy council, nor to hold any office of trust, civil or military in this kingdom.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in case council, any person or persons shall give any interruption or disturbance to any merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, manufacturer, work- D;a man, seaman, farmer, or others aforesaid to the hindering him taka,*rfiwj in his working, buying, or felling as aforesaid, contrary to the "uvh^?’ intent and meaning of this present act, every such person or persons shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty on compounds, to be recovered by complaint before any justice of the peace of this kingdom, (who is hereby empowered to examine and determine the fame) on the oath of one or more credible witness a,j ^Ln. orwitnesses, which penalty shall be paid over, one moiety to the p0^jiolby informer, and the other to the poor of the parish where such of- mna and fence shall be committed, and to be levied by warrant under the Ue‘ hand and seal of such magistrate, and by sale of the offender's goods.

IV. And for the greater encouragement of strangers to come Such nraiH and reside in this kingdom be it enacted by the authority afore- ftK<1

i_0 J from corpo-

said, that all such itrangers, who shall come and settle in any ration or pa-corporation, town, city, or borough in this kingdom, shall be 7

freed from being obliged to undergo any corporation or parish offices, for the term of seven years after their coming into this kingdom.

CHAP. XXX.

An act for the relief of tenants bolding under leases for lives containing covenants for perpetual renewals.

WHEREAS great parts of the lands in this kingdom are

held under leases for lives with covenants for perpetual under leases renewals upon payment of certain fines at the times therein relpec- uewable on lively mentioned for each renewal: and whereas from' various ac- j?Jcotof cidents and causes such tenants, and those deriving under them, ’ have frequently neglected, to pay or tender such fines within the neglect of times prescribed by such covenants after the fall of such fives respectivety; and whereas many such leases are settled to make within the provision for families and creditors, most of whom must be t'me'’ utterly ruined, if advantage shall be taken of such neglects, which will occasion much confusion and distress in the kingdom:

6io

A.D.

779.80. Chap. 30.

that such intefefts may not be defeated by mere neglect where no fraud* on making full satisfaction*

courts of equity on adequate compensation shall relieve such tenants andafligns against such lapfc, if no fraud proved*

unless demand of fines proved* and refusal or neglect to pay in reasonable time after.

If difficult to discover tenant or assignee, demand on the lands from principal occupier with 2 months notice in Gazettes a demand within this act.

Not to affect judgment or decree given* orfuit before 15 May 1780* and now depending.

f be nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

arid whereas it has been for a long time a received opinion in this kingdom, to which some decilions in courts of equity and declarations of judges have given countenance, that courts of equity would in such cases relieve against the lapse of time upon giving an adequate compensation to the persons, to whom such fines were payable, or their representatives: and to the end that such interests may not be defeated by a mere neglect, where no fraud appears to have been intended, upon making full satisfaction to the Mors, or those deriving under them; be it declared and enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that courts of equity upon an adequate compensation being made shall relieve such tenants and their assigns against such lapse of time, if no circumstance of fraud be proved against such tenants or their assigns; unless it shall be proved to the satisfaction of such courts, that the landlords orleflors, or persons entitled to receive such fines, had demanded such fines from such tenants or their assigns, and that the fame had been refused or neglected to be paid within a reasonable time after such demand.

II. Provided atways, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in case the landlord shall find any difficulty in discovering his tenant or the assignee of such tenant, io as to make a demand on such tenant or assignee, that then and in every such case a demand made of the said fine on the lands from the principal occupier of the fame together with a notice of such demand, to be inserted for the space of two months in the London and Dublin Gazettes, shall be considered to all intents and purposes a demand within this act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that nothing herein contained shall in any fort affect any judgment or decree already given or made, or any suit commenced before the fifteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and now depending for the recovery of the possession of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments on account of any lease or leases not having been renewed according to the covenants for perpetual renewals therein contained.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of (kbfge Iti.

CHAP. XXXI.

Ah all for licensing and regulating lottery offices, and for other fur-poses therein mentioned.

WHEREAS it is deemed expedient to make some further f Notice for provisions and regulations in relation to lotteries and forfaieof lottery office keepers: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Scle- Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual et* in lottery and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, ^"future" and by the authority of the same, that in order to prevent persons from giving publick notice for taking subscriptions for the of the ticket, sale of the chances or part of the chances to arise on tickets to be issued in any lottery or lotteries, which shall at any time or times after passing this act be set up or established in this kingdom under or by virtue of any act of parliament patted or to be passed in this or any future session of parliament, such persons not being possessed of the ticket on which such chances or parts of chances shall be proposed to be sold thereby, or in any other orermins manner erecting another lottery, or entering into an undertaking ^crt'akinj, resembling a lottery, for their private benefit, or for any other refcmbiing, purpose on the foot of any such lottery or lotteries so to be erected, that the fame and all such kind of undertakings shall au w;ti, in be and are hereby declared to be within the true intent and tll?acts?-

J % ... gaum private

meaning of the several acts of parliament made in this kingdom lotteries, again!: private lotteries; and that if any person or persons shall fcKp[,g of keep any office or offices, or shall print or publish any scheme or n>ui>-

1 ,: c f. f 1 J . lifting fclicnie

propofalfor receiving any turn or lums or money m conuderation for money in

of any interest to be granted for the fame in any ticket or num-

ber of tickets in any such- lottery or lotteries, so to be establlflied, tWteu,

at any time or times after passing this act as aforesaid, whereof then possessed

such person or persons shall not then be actually possessed in his,

her, or their own right, or in consideration of any sum or sums or buy-

of money to be repaid in case any ticket or number of tickets in U?ft,£b-

any such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid, which shall not then for cl""-

J ccs or lots, of

be in the actual poliession of such person or persons in his, her, on the num-or their own right, shall prove fortunate, or shall buy, fell, lK,n3’t subscribe or take subscriptions for the purchase of any chances the or;B;nni

1 , ticket, or fcl-

or lots, or part or parts of any chances or lots, chance or lot, iing more or of any one or mere of the tickets of any such lottery or lot- fheT-onViTiu-teries as aforesaid, or of or on the number or numbers of any c,u parts, such ticket or tickets, without having inch original ticket or V o l. XI. 7 P 2 tickets

6fi

A.D.

1779-801

eta on so advancing) or any proposal of like kind, under any name.

612 The nineteenth ami twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

tickets in his, her, or their own custody, or possession and right, 1779-80. or shall fell any greater. number of chances, parts or share of Chap. 3 w or in any ticket, than the constitoent parts thereof, or than such ticket shall really contain, such person and persons shall for every forfeit tod. such offence as aforesaid forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred one moiety pounds, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and to King, successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons '’Yfr ' of as 'n ^11S’ ^er> 01 t':eu'own right shall at the commencement of th/tickei at the drawing of such lottery or lotteries respectively be possesstd EH*- of the ticket, or tickets on which such lot or chance, or lots or drawing. chances, or interest shall be fold, or bargained, or subscribed for as aforesaid.

On theme H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that fmaiUumj'ify if any person shall after the first day of August one thousand If* seven ^un^re<^ an<^ eighty make, print, advertize, or publish, or chancti of cause to be made, printed, advertised, or published, any proposal iivcring’iick- or proposals, scheme or schemes, for advancing small films of money by several persons amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided amongst them by the chances of the prizes in any lottery or lotteries, so to be established at any time or times after passing this act, or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the persons advancing such sums to entitle them to a ihare of the money so advanced according to such proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes, or shall make, print, advertize, publish, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, any proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes of the like kind or nature under any denomination, name, or title whatsoever, every such person shall for every such offence, over and above any former penalties inflicted by any former act or acts of parlianent made against any private or unlawful lotteries, EwfoUot- forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

"no tickets HI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no per-dances, or ’ son or persons shall fell any ticket or tickets, or any chance or for WiUnw chances, fhaieor shares, of or in any ticket or tickets, in any tUan tiic lottery or lotteries so to be established, at any time or times after

whole draw. J , '

ing, passing this act, for a day or part of a day, or for any other time less than the whole time of drawing such lottery or lotteries then nor money to come, or shall receive any money whatsoever in consideration amfidei-tlon riie rePayment of any sum or sums of money, in case any or any event ticket or tickets in such lottery or lotteries shall prove fortunate, Om°orfor- 01' 'n case of any chance or event relating to the drawing tune ot tick- of any ticket or tickets in such lottery or lotteries, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate,

tool. forfeited above former penalties against

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

6j 3

or shall publish any proposals for any such purposes as aforesaid, A.D. or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or 1779-86. tickets in such lottery or lotteries, either as to the time of Chap: 3 i; such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate, contrary to the true fs'3 pubiHKeil intent and meaning of this act 5 and all and every person and laid'rSg persons, who shall offend in any of the aforesaid matters, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and also all tmworfor-sum and sums of money (if any) which shall have been received iJol. forty such person and persons contrary to the true intent and mean-ing of this act; and every such fate, wager, or contract, and «i«ci, every agreement relating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared rai '\?ager, to be null and void. aerc^oit"

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid; that all and ml

every person and persons, who after the first day of August one Adventu-tiwufand seven hundred and eighty shall be an adventurer or remn>or?oy

o / way coiitn-

adventurers in, or shall pay any money or other consideration. Wing to, or any ways contribute unto or upon the account of, any such files, lotteries, proposals, or schemes, as in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the s. ami herein; l'econd, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing oj excessive ptlhi«, l° end deceitful gaming, and as herein, are subjected to penalties, ^1f"rfcl’t. shall forfeit for every such offence double the sum paid and contributed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that None shall

no person or persons (I.all under the denomination of sale of of any goods, wares, or merchandizes, or with or without confide- with or >vith-

oi't ronfulc-

ration, or under any pretence, or in any manner whatsoever, ration, or un-

promise or agree to pay any sum or sums of money upon any

chances or event whatsoever relating to the drawing of any ticket n.iiv-, orag.ee

or tickets in any lottery or lotteries to be established at any time "y

or times after passing this act, or shall publish any proposals for any such purposes as aforesaid contrary to the true intent and lottery, or

meaning of this act, and every person and persons, who shall

offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay for every

inch offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and every such

promise or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be

and is hereby declared null and void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that No office from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven W',1. f»"; a"y

J 0 dealing in

hundred and eighty no person or persons mall publickly oi' tickets, than-privately set up, exercise, keep, or open by himself or any other person or persons, any office or place for buying, felling, infur nor

7 O.

published

61_4 The nineteenth and twentieth yean George III.

A.D. 1ng) registering, giving* or otherwise dealing in any ticket or 1779-80. tickets, or chances, or parts or shares thereof, or iii the num-Chap. 31. kej- pr numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery or lotteries w^thoutli^ whatsoever, to be established at any time or times after passing con« a> here- this act, or shall, by any writing of printing publish- the setting up or using any such office or place without first taking out a licence for thatpurpafe in manner hereafter mentioned.

21 abo

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from all other du- and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred a^nnHon alld eighty for every licence to be taken out by any person or taking.out persons. for every such office or places used for dealing in or con. such ir«cncc, cerJJing ]Qttery tickets as aforesaid, there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above all; other duties to which the person or persons. taking out the fame may h; respectivqly liable, the sum of twenty pounds immediately upon grantedur* taking out such licence; and every such. licence shall be granted r<ai»hof 1 ot4 under the hands and seals of two or more of the managers and

more lottery managers,

duty paid at their office} or as managers appoint,

on payment licence delivered to all

applying.

Licence to Hit forth the performs true name and a-bnde, and place of dealing,

continued not above 12 months from date,

acting without, or not renewing licence, 100l.

To publish or keep such office, or any like, contrary to tin’s aft, tool.

directoys of such. lottery as aforesaid for the time being; and the duty for the lame shall be paid at their office or at such other place, and to such person or persons, as the said managers or directors shall appoint to deliver out such licences respectivety, and to receive the said duties; and the said managers and directors are hereby required to grant and deliver such licences to all persons applying for the fame upon their payment of twenty pounds for each licence as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that tray , such licence shall set forth the true name and place of abode of the person. or persons taking out the fame, and also the place where such huiiness or dealing shall be carried on; and such licence shall be continued in force for such time, not exceeding twelve calendar months from the date thereof, as shall be mentioned in said licence.; and every person acting or dealing in any of the matters, therein contained without a licence, or after the expiration of such licence, without renewing the fame, shall respectively forfeit for each offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person, who after the said first day of August one thousand seven, hundred and eighty shall publish, open, or set up, or keep any such office or place under any the denominations aforesaid, or any like, denominations, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this present act, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds.

5

The nineteenth, and twentieth yeitri of (JeOfge lit 61

X. And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A.D. if any perlbri or persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit 1779-80* any licence or licences to be made forth by virtue of this act for Chap. 31. the purposes aforesaid, such person or persons shall be deemed a felon or felons, and suffer death without the benefit of fclon« clergy*

Xf. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that i;«nce. all the monies, to arise by the duty hereby granted for licences as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the expences attend- pence* as by ing the managing, directing, and drawing such respective nor'appoinr-Iotteries or lottery as aforesaid, in such manner as his excellency "* the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, (halt direct and appoint*

XII. And whereas the dividing of chances or tickets in a fooncj;_ lottery into very ffnall shares has been found mischievous: be

it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no person or chances w»

persons so licensed as aforesaid shall feR any share or shares of a'"'

any ticket or tickets in any such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid,

or of the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in such lottery

or lotteries, in any smaller share or proportion than one sixteenth

part or share only, or shall publish any proposals for felling any or ?umik

share or shares of any ticket or tickets in such lottery dr lotteries, for

or of any chance of any ticket or tickets in the fame, in any

smaller share or proportion than one sixteenth part or share,

contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and that Knaltj-iccl.-

every person, who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall such fafc or

forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of one hundred comrtct ro, A

pounds; and every such sale or contract, and every agreement

relating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared null and

void.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, office that no such office or place, kept for any of the said purposes so bWed open licenced as aforesaid, shall be open for any of the said purposes, morning " or for the transaction of any business relating to such lottery or nor "fler 9111 lotteries as aforesaid, before the hour of seven of the clock in the Sa_ morning, nor after the hour of nine of the clock in the evening, timiay «cn-(except on the evening of the Saturday preceding the drawing of airing, such lottery or lotteries respectively) and that the said limitation

or restriction. in point of time shall be inlertedin and made a dmon'ini;-condition of every such licence j and in case of any breach of the said condition such licence shall be forfeited, and shall and may forfeited, be revoked by any two or more of the said managers and direc- bf

tors, and over and besides all other penalties to- which such m"'eer1'

person

616 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

person or persons may be liable, such licence shall not be renewed* 1779-80. nor shall any new licence be granted to or for the benefit of the Chap. 31. same person or persons directly or indirectly for keeping any *'n<K renew- such o ce or place for any of the purposes aforesaid.

"*>

XIV. And the more effectually to prevent frauds and abuses

nor new

licence to or in the felling of lottery tickets in shares or chances be it enacted foS.&mepw* by the authority aforesaid, that his excellency the lord lieutenant, f or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the vcrnor'shall time being, shall and may institute and establish, and is and are oSice^ii^Dub' hereby authorized and required to institute and establish, an office lk, within the city of Dublin for the purposes herein after menti-and appoint °ned, and shall and may appoint, and is and are hereby autho-t« officiate, rjze(j arK[ ,-equired to appoint, some one or more fit and proper person and persons to officiate in and conduct the business of the taking ft °®ce> tahing such security for the full and true performance curity, of his or their duty therein as to the fmd lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors for the time being, shall every ticket seem requisite and necessary; and that each and every ticket in before divid- fuc]j fottery or lotteries, which shall be-established at any time or

ed or fold in r n. -l e . , J

rhares or times after passing this act, before it be divided into or fold m pofitcTiidtii ®ares or chances, shall be brought to the said office, and shall raid officer, be there deposited and left with the said officer or officers to be appointed as aforesaid, who is or are hereby authorized to receive the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that offudnicket the said officer or officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, marked with or his or the‘r deputy or deputies, shall and is and are hereby r..mc device authorized and required to stamp and mark each and every share nyraied, or chance of each and every such ticket in such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid, so deposited as aforesaid, with some flourish or device engraved thereon; and that the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, or his, her, or their deputy or deputies, upon the receipt of every such ticket or any number of

tickets in such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid for the purpose

temptgi«m aforesaid, shall give a receipt or receipts to the holder or pro-

to iiulder prjetor, at whose office such ticket or tickets is or shall be shared

ur proprietor. r 5 t

or divided, in writing for the fame in the form following, (that is to fayJ

The re Received the day of one thousand fm

ceipt. hundred and , a ticket in the pfefent lottery, munkr

which is divided into fares or chances, purfu-

ant to an act of parliament made in the nineteenth and twentieth yter

4

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 617

of the reign of king George the third\ entitled, An act for licensing A.D. and regulating lottery office keepers, and for other purposes 1779-80. therein mentioned} which said ticket now remains and is in my custody Chap. 31. in pursuance of the said act. ' v '

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Every fuel, that each and every such ticket in such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid, as shall be so deposited in the said office, and shall be with fata of-divided into ihares or chances, pursuant to this act, shall remain jay, after'" and continue in the custody and possession of the said officer or officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, until the expiration of

ten days next after the drawing of such ticket in such lottery or lotteries respectively; and that on the expiration of ten days ih rc_ next after the drawing of such ticket in such lottery or lot- imnetlon teries respectively such ticket shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assignees, upon producing the said officer’s said receipt for the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, { Boybkcpt that a book or books shall be kept by the said officer or officers Keen!*1 of

so to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter lluI^i"r of and register in such book or books the number of each and every every ticket ticket in such lottery and lotteries respectively, which shall be so ^lUrod'1 as aforesaid deposited in the said office for the purpose aforesaid, together with the name and names of all and every such person pt(i ;, P, or persons who shall so leave and deposit the fame for the purposes aforesaid, and also the number of Ihares or chances into divided, which each and every such ticket in such lottery or lotteries rc- Pay",[g'?dd spectively shall be so divided as aforesaid , which book or books any person or persons shall and may from time to tune, and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect on payment of the sum of one penny of lawful money of Great Britain to the said officer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, q, that upon the leaving and depositing of any ticket in such lottery iclict or lotteries as aforesaid at or in the said office with the said of- share into ficer or officers so to be appointed as aforesaid for the purposes aforesaid the person or persons, who shall so leave and deposit officers, the fame, shall pay to the said officer or officers, so to be appointed

as aforesaid, for each and every share or chance into which each and every such ticket in such lottery or lotteries shall be divided incident by the said officer or officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, the *l" sa,ld film of two pence of lawful money of Great Britain; and that l>orne l.y fa/J

Vol. XI. 7 R with °ffice,!

61 §

A.D.

1779-80. Chap, 31,

tool, forfeited every share or chance fold or exposed without being stamped by said officers*

Forging receipt, or procuring or assisting, for share or chance of tickets,

or altering, uttering, vending, or disposing,

or bringing such knowingly to any with fraudulent intent.

or to abet, hire, &c.

felony,

death.

Vice treasurers with chief governor’s approbation may appoint persons to (ign tickets in lotteries pursuant to act tiu's fefGon.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

with the monies arising from such fee to be paid as aforesaid the said officer or officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall beat and pay all such Incident charges and expences, as shall or may attend the receipt, entry, and taking care of all such tickets in such lottery or lotteries, as shall be brought to and deposited in the said office as aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid, and all other expences attendant on the said office.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i that if any person or persons shall at any time or times hereafter sell or expose to sale any share or chance of any ticket in such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid, without such share or chance shall have been first stamped and marked by the said officer or officers pursuant to this act, that then and in such case every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds for each and every share or chance so fold

or exposed to sale as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit or canfe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for any share or shares, chance or chances, of any ticket or tickets, signed, divided, made and delivered out by virtue of this act, or alter any number, figure, word, or stamp therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts for any share or shares, chance or chances, of any ticket or tickets, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeited receipt or receipts, or any share or shares, chance or chances, the (lamp whereof or any figure or word therein shall have been altered (knowing the same to be such) to any person or persons with a fraudulent intention, or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire, or command any person or persons to commit any such offence as aforesaid, then and in every such case all and every such person or persons so offending shall be deemed a felon and felons, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

XXI. And whereas it would tend much to the furthering and expediting any lottery or lotteries to be established in this kingdom, if a sufficient number of persons were authorized to sign the tickets of such lottery or lotteries, it being impracticable for the deputy vice treasurer to sign every ticket in such lottery or lotteries with his own hand without greatly impeding the other necessary business of his office: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the vice

3 treasurer

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 619

beafurer or vice treasurers, receiver general or paymaster general, A.D. his or their deputy or deputies, if they shall think fit, with the 1779-80. approbation of his excellency the lord lieutenant or other chief Chap. 31. governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to appoint one or more person or persons, acting and usually employed in the office of the vice treasurers of this kingdom, to sign all or any of the tickets which shall be issued in any lottery or lotteries to be established, pursuant to any act passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, with his or their name or names for the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver general, or paymaster general, or his or their deputy or deputies; and that such signing by such person or persons so to be appointed shall be as effectual to all intents and purposes, as if such tickets were signed by such vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver general, or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies; any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by a former act passed in this present session of parliament for establishing a lottery it was enacted, that the said lottery should consist of forty two thousand tickets; and whereas Griffin Curtis of the city of London, gentleman, did purchase thirty tickets in the said lottery, to wit, from number six thousand three hundred and eleven to six thousand three hundred and thirty, both inclusive, and from number six thousand three hundred and forty one to six thousand three hundred and fifty, both inclusive; and it is alledged, that the said thirty tickets were loft with the mail of the sixth of March last going from Dublin to Holyhead: be it enacted by the authority D<.llentures aforesaid, that the said Griffin Curtis, his executors, administra- gmnfor tors, and assigns shall receive from the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury in the said act mentioned a debenture or ,')!< tS'!

debentures for the amount of the sum or sums contained in any eu produced, prize or prizes, that may happen to arise in the said lottery from the above mentioned thirty numbers, or any of them, in like manner as if he or they had the said tickets, or such of them as shall prove fortunate in said lottery, to produce to such officer or officers, he the said Griffin Curtis, his executors, administra- on proof of tors, or assigns, first proving to the satisfaction of the said offleer or officers that such tickets were his property, and were loft as aforesaid, and also giving unto such officer or officers sufficient and fecun-_ security in the penalty of the amount of such debenture or de- «r bentures conditioned to indemnify such officer or officers from " *' any claim or demand from any other person or persons whatso-

ert-r

6 20 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

ever for any prize or prizes arising from any or either of said 1779-80. numbers.

Chap. 31.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and Angular the penalties herein and hereby imposed shall and r«overed m may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information corf at Dub- in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no lm- efloigii, wager of la\V, or more than one imparlance shall be

allowed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the montb3 authority aforesaidd, that no suit or action shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by any offence contrary to the provisions herein contained, unless the same shall be commenced or brought within three calendar months next after the fact was committed, kid where or cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, causeaccrued, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place, wherein such offence shall have been committed, or such cause of action shall have arilen, and hot elsewhere. d f

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that one naltlcs to in- third of all and Angular the penalties and forfeitures hereby im-former, p0fed (and not herein otherwise disposed of) after deducting the reasonable charges of the suit or prosecution for the recovery thereof, shall be applied and go to the informer, and the remain-2 3ds to ln& tw0 t^r^s to t^le incorporated society for promoting English charter protestant schools, for the use of such of the charter schoois as

schook. they shall think fit.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ma^pSgc? that if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted and' i^t’h" ^or any done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such aftandfpeclal person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give ln c,‘‘ this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence at the trial or trials, which shall be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of or by authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and have prosecutor or prosecutors, and have like remedy for the fame, treble colt on as any defendant or defendants hath or have for coils in any other

verdict, non- J ‘

suit, ttc. cases by law.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

621

CHAP. XXXII.

A.D. 1779.80.

An act for amending and explaining the feverdl laws made in this kingdom for carrying on the Lagan navigation.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty' king George the second of glorious memory certain duties, rates, and impositions were granted to his laid late Majesty, his heirs and successors, for a certain term therein specified, (to wit) an additional duty of acife of one penny by the gallon over and above the duties then payable to his Majesty upon every gallon of beer or ale that was above the price of six shillings each barrel, brewed within that part of the district of Lilburn, commonly known and distinguished by the Gauger's walks of Belfast, Lilburn, Moira, and Hillsborough, by the common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any person or persons who should vend the fame by retail, to be paid by such common brewer, or by such other person or persons who should brew the same to fell by retail, as also one penny additional duty on every gallon of the like beer and ale which should be brewed in any other walk or district, and which should be brought into the said walks 'or any of them for falc, the said additional duties to be paid by the person or persons who should io bring in and vend the fame; and also an additional duty of four pence by the gallon, and proportionably for any lesser quantity, over and above the duties of excise before payable to his Majesty on every gallon of aquavita, strong waters, spirits, made or distilled within the said walks for sale, or that should be made or distilled in any other part of this kingdom and brought into the said walks or any of them to be therein vended by retail: and it was provided by the said act, that such additional duties should be repaid, in case any beer, ale, aquevita, strong waters, or spirits, for which the said additional duties should or ought to be paid as aforesaid, should be within twelve months, alter the said additional duties should be so paid, exported out of this kingdom, or carried out of the said walks to any other part of this kingdom; and it was thereby 27 c. 1. <-. enacted, that the said additional duties, as they should from time \ a.lldl,lon:‘l

\ rt duties grant*

to time be brought into the receipt or his Majesty's exchequer, ed, should be paid over to the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom, to be laid out and expended by them or their order in making the said river Lagan navigable, and opening a passage by water between Loughneagh and the said town of Belfast: and whereas by an act passed in Vol. XI. 7 S ' the

622 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

the third year of the reign of his present most gracious Majesty 1779-80. king George the third, the said recited act was amended and con-Chap. 32. tinued fora certain term specified in the said act of the third year of his present Majesty in and throughout such Part of the gauger’s nued°ntG 3 wa^s of Belfast, Lisburn, Moira, and Hillfhorough within the c. 6. said district of Lisburn, as are not part and parcel of the manors of Hillsborough, Kilwarlin, Castlereagh and Slatneals; and and by n whereas by an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the & 26. eon?’ reign of his present Majesty the said two former acts were tinued9years amended, and the said additional duties granted by the said act '73.2>nclud- of the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King Mceptcdin George the second were further granted and continued for nine 3<? 3-c-Cu years from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy three in and throughout that part of the district of Lisburn, commonly known and distinguished by the gauger’s walks of Belfast, Lisburn, Moira, and Hillsborough, including such part or parcels of the manors of Hillsborough, Kilwarlin, Castlereagh, and Slatneals, as was or were excepted in the said act of the third year of his present Majesty: and hid 3 »&s whereas by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years du'i".dctn."d of the reign of his present Majesty the said three former acts 'earsfiiii were amended, and the said additional duties granted by the said act of the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty & 14 c 3?c. king George the second were further granted and continued for the term of thirty two years from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty two in and throughout that part of the district of Lisburn commonly known and distinguished by the gauger’s walks of Belfast, Lisburn, Moira, and Hillsborough, including such parts or parcels of the manors of Kilwarlin, Ceftlereagh, and Slatneals, as were contained in the said act of the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, but excepted in the said act of the third of his present Majesty; and the persons, appointed or to be appointed local commissioners for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, were by the said act of the thirteenth and fourtpenth years of his present Majesty enabled to borrow any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of ten thousand pounds, for the purpose of carrying on the said Lagan navigation, to be secured in manner wUhVaid*001" as by the said act is directed: and whereas the said sum often fxpcmled on thousand pounds together with the produce of the said dudes, said navi- rates, and impositions have since the passing of the said last gation, mentioned act been expended on the said navigation; but it appears.

and commissioners enabled lo borrow 10000l. for said navigation,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 62$

pears, that said several sums are far from being sufficient to com- A.D. pleat the said undertaking, and that a very considerable addi- 1779-80. tional sum will be necessary for that purpose: and whereas the Chap. 32. right honourable Arthur earl of Donegal, the right honourable Wills earl of Hillsborough, the right honourable Fran-cis earl of Hertford, the right honourable John earl of undertaking. Moira, the right reverend James lord bishop of Down and Con- w;n"[.°"o nor, and several other persons, are willing to advance and pay ^na"1l0u)il considerable sums of money towards compleating the said work j have compso it becomes therefore proper and expedient, that they should have some adequate compensation and security for the sums, they shall so advance and pay, and that they should have the produce of and toils, the said additional duties, and also of the tolls or lockage pay- and Jterea*1’ able and to be paid on the said navigation, until thereby or by some other means, not only the sums which have already been borrowed, but also such further sum and sums of money as shall by virtue of this present act be advanced and applied for the purpose aforesaid, and the accruing interest thereof, after the rate of five pounds for the hundred yearly, be fully paid off and satisfied: therefore be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament af- persons sembled, and by the authority of the same, that immediately after this present act shall pass into a law, the said Arthur earl of Do- forracr negal, Wills carl of HilKborough, Francis earl of Hertford, John a",a Mi as carl of Moira, James lord bishop of Down and Connor, and their hcreJIIf f' executors, adminstrators, and Assigns, having a property in the fcmng such stock of the company, and not otherwise, and also such other person or persons as have heretofore become subscribers in pur- 1 C01, Pi,"!ri iiiance of the said former acts, or any of them, for carrying on the said navigation, and also such person and persons as shall hereafter under and by virtue of this act advance and pay any sums or sum of money for carrying on the said navigation, and the executors, administrators, and aliigns of such persons having as before mentioned a property in the flock of the said company, and not otherwise, shall be united and erected into one a t,0dr company for carrying on the said navigation, and shall be thqncc-forth one body politick and corporate by the name of the com- b»« i»-f peny of undertakers of the Lagan navigation, and shall have per- filux petual succession during the continuance of this act, and a com-

10 tu (uc and

mon seal, and by that name may sue and be sued, and shall |K fuot, thenceforth be capable in law to purchase and take messuages, ilotl’"^fc lands, tenements, and hereditaments, not exceeding the value of s°°l rmr> five hundred pounds a year at the time of such purchase, and to

grant.

624 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 32.

may grant, demise, or dispose at pleasure, empowered to complete said navigation, and make a canal or cut, &c.

open rivers, make outlets, bridges,weirs, kc.

Toaf. semble in Belfall, kc.

and adjourn,

make bye laws or orders,

vary or repeal, and make new,

impofeand levy tines,

not above 5l. one offence, bye laws tinder feat binding, ami judify all who aft under.

grant, alien, demise, or dispose of the fame, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleasure, and that the said company shall thenceforth by virtue of this. act be fully impowered by themselves, their agents, overseers, workmen, and servants to carry on and compleat the said navigation, canal, and communication between Loughneagh and the said town of Belfast through Blairis to Spencer’s Bridge, and from thence to Loughneagh, and also. if they shall think proper at any time or times, after the said passage between Loughneagh and tlje town of Belfall: shall be opened, during the continuance of this act to make and cany such part of the said navigation as hath been already made out of the bed of the river by a canal or cut, or by such other ways and means as to them shall seem proper; and that the said company shall in like manner be impowered, and they are hereby impowered, to open all rivers, and to make all such outlets, off branches, cuts, and navigations, trenches, passages, aqueducts, bridges, dams, and weirs, as may by such company be judged necessary for carrying on the said works, or for supplying the said canals and navigations with water.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said company from time to time, as occasion shall require, to assemble in the town of Belfast, or in the towns of Lilburn, Hillsborough, Moira, or Lur-gan, or in any of them, and from time to time to adjourn such assemblies, and at such assemblies or adjournments thereof to make such bye-laws or orders for the better government of their affairs and of their members, and for making such contracts ami agreements, and ascertaining the tolls and lockage to be paid on the said navigation, and for appointing such servants and persons for carrying on the said navigation, as they shall think fit; and to vary or repeal such bye laws, rules, and orders, and to make new ones for the good and orderly using of the said navigation, and for settling the wages, and for the well governing the bargemen, watermen, and boatmen, who shall convey any goods thereon, ami to inipose reasonable fines and forfeitures upon all persons offending therein, the said fines and forfeitures to be levied by such ways and means as the company shall direct, so as no such fine shall exceed five pounds upon any person for one offence; and the said bye-laws being put into writing under the seal of the said company shall be binding on and observed by all panics, and shall be sufficient in any court of law or equity to justify all persons, who shall act under the fame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby inclined.

2

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

III. Provided always, that the said bye-laws shall not be contrary to the laws and statutes of this realm, but shall be approved of by the lord high chancellor of Ireland for the time, being, the lord chief justice of the king’s bench for the time bong, the lord chief justice of the common pleas for the time being, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer for the time being, or any two of them.

IV. Provided always, that eight days notice at the least, including the day of such notice and the day of meeting, previous to such meeting, shall be given of the time and place of holding such alTemblies for making bye laws in the Belfast News Letter, or in such other publick newspaper as shall be agreed on by the said company.

V. Provided nevertheless, that any person, who shall think himself aggrieved by any order or judgment in pursuance of any such bye law, may complain withoin six months thence after to the justices at the quarter sessions in the county, wherein such bye laws shall be carried into execution, who shall in a-summary way hear and determine the said complaint at such quarter sessions; and, if they fee cause, may mitigate or alter such fines or forfeitures, and may order any money to be returned, which shall have been levied or paid in pursuance of such bye laws, and may also order such further satisfaction to be made, and give such costs to the party injured, as they shall judge reafo-nable.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the several sums of money heretofore subscribed or paid pursuant to the said recited acts of parliament, or any of them, together with all such sums of money as shall by virtue of and under this act be advanced and paid for the carrying on the said navigation, shall be deemed, taken, and considered to all intents and purposes as the joint stock of the said company.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no person shall vote at any assembly of said company, or have any right to intermeddle in any fort in the affairs of the said company, unless he or she shall have advanced and paid the surn of five hundred pounds sterling at the least towards carrying on the said navigation, or have in his or her own name and right, or in right of his or her testator or intestate, at least the sum of five hundred pounds sterling in the flock of the said company; and that every member of the said company, who shall have subscribed and paid, or be five hundred pounds interested

625

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 3 a.

Not CQU-tmy to law, approved by lord chancellor, C. J. of 15. K* or C. 11.

and chief baron, or any two.

8 days notice of meeting inclusive in the Belfast or publick news agreed on.

Complaint in 6 month* to quarter fcf-lions.

heard sum-marily,

lines mitigated,

satisfaction

inadr,

and colls to party injured.

Payments under this or said nfts deemed joint dock.

None to vote or intermeddle unless avdancing or having in his own or testa-for'a or in-teihte’s light 500l.

on payment of, orintcrell-cd in, 500l. intitled to 1 vote.

626 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

terested therein as aforesaid, shall have one vote in all such af-1779*8o. femblies.

Chap. 32.

VIII. Provided always, that no person shall be intitled to vote nOTctsvite at anI aflhnbly of the said company, unless at the time of his unlefe actual voting he is an actual proprietor in his own right of five hun-jM^stockor dred pounds stock in the said company, or is solely interested foielyinttrdi' jj tjje stock to that amount, either in right of his wife,

ed in right of - 1

hit wife, in- or as trustee for an infant, or other person incapacitated from

fant» or person ineapaci- noting.

tated. ix. And provided also, that every member shall have one

i vote every -

sooLnn a&re-vote for every five hundred pounds, that he shall at the time i*li of such voting be proprietor of, or solely interested therein as aforesaid.

Proxies may X. And provided also, that every member shall have power to be appointed, app0;nt a proXy for every vote, he shall be intitled to under this members_act; and that the respective members, who shall have a right to r?onPoraby" vote at such assemblies, may appear either in person or by proxy CVnd fed or Proxies> appointed by an instrument or instruments in writing determined' under their respective hands and seals and that the majority of by majority, votes at fucft assemblies shall determine all matters in question;

—n:,c vole and if there be an equality of votes that the chairman of such to chairman assembl'ies shall have a calling vote besides his vote as a member

ncfidcs vote. 0

as member or or proxy of a member of the said company.

pr<s hiring

XI. Provided always, that at every such assembly there shall

right to vote be present at least five persons, who shall have a right to vote;

mmtbepre- 1 «. i«nni

font. or otherwise such assembly shall have no power to carry into execution any of the powers or authorities hereby given.

Company’s

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bOTkVd,1"6' that the accounts, transactions, and proceedings of said company shall be fairly and regularly entered in books to be kept for that accefo to purpose, to which every person having in his or her own name iha'Sfo thrirB anc* right any share in said joint stock, or his or her representative own light, or or representatives, may have access at all reasonable times to

representa* . r A

tivea, to in- mspect or copy out.

lp*AiUands^"

XIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid,

rights, &c. that the several lands, tenements, and hereditaments, rights, privi-

"hTcmpora-" leges, and advantages, water, water courses, bridges, sluices, drains,

tion, and all locks, weirs, banks, dams, roads, towing paths, and other ways, materials and

utenflis, du- which now arc vested in the corporation for promoting and for'coriying"3’ carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom, or are on the work, now in the possession and enjoyment of the said corporation for company a»d the purposes of carrying oil the said navigation between the fucccfidrs, said town of Belfast and Loughneagh, and also the mate-3 rials

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George ID. 627

rials and utensils which have been provided for carrying on the A.D. said work, together with all duties, rates, and impositions what- 1779-80, ibever, payable for or on account of, or in any manner arising ^P^32! from, the said work, shall, immediately after this act shall have passed into a law, be ve/ted in said company and their succes- &;d corners; and that said company and their successors shall from and 5i°powet»0y after the time aforesaid be veiled with and shall hold and «sted ;> fold enjoy all and Angular the powers, privileges, advantages, and b°Thf fomal authorities, in all things for the purpose of carrying on the acts ' said navigation from the said town of Belfast to Loughneagh aforesaid, with all the parts, members, and connections thereof, as are now vested in the said corporation by virtue of the several acts heretofore made in this kingdom or any of them; and that the said company shall and may be inverted with all such powers, as are verted in the said corporation, as by the said acts or any of them are directed, for the valuing any lands, houses, tene- and for laments, and hereditaments, as may be necessary for compleating metfey the said work, and for making such wharfs, quays, florehouies, locks, basons, banks, towing and track ways, and docks, as may mating Ik judged by the said company proper for said work, and also, &ca if they shall think proper, for miking a navigable canal from thought'pm-the town of Belfast aforesaid to a place called the Union Locks, p". situate in Blairis aforesaid, independant and out of the bed of Juu* the said river Lagan, or of such places and parts of the said of

river as the said company shall judge proper and expedient, kidrirer, and that they may be enabled to purchase and hold such lands, and may houses, tenements, and hereditaments for the purposes afore- Sold for so!d

purposes.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it company shall and maybe lawful for the said company to take, turn, or

draw the waters of fiieh rivers, rivulets, and brooks, as may be at by fata intersected by the said navigation or any part thereof, of which "r cont'igu-nins contiguous thereto, or which can be brought to supply the upper or any other level of the said navigation, or so much level, thereof as they shall judge necessary, the said company making Jurying satisfaction to the proprietors of any mills or bleach greens on fuel) brooks, rivers, Urea ms, or rivulets, that shall receive any g«» damage thereby, provided such mills or bleach greens shall have cd. been erected before the passing of this present act.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in con- Toll for ideration of the expence and trouble which the said company

shall be put to in making and maintaining the said navigation, fn0"l’rorJ°t(jber together with the off brandies thereof, it shall and may be law- for painter.,

ful

as by bye laws appointed*

On refusa] may distrain as for ren

5i8 - The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

ful to and for the said company and their successors from time 1779-80. to time and at all times daring the continuancie of this act to Chapjj2- alk, demand, sue for, and receive to the use of the said company such rates, tolls, lockage and duties for every boat, barge, or other vessel navigating the said navigation or any part thereof either upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or any other matter whafeever, shall be carried, and for each and every passenger in liich boat, barge, or other vessel, as the said company shall by their bye laws ordain and appoint.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in case of refusal to pay the said several duties it shall and may fuc by civil be lawful to and for the said company and their servants either bl!1, to distrain such boats, barges, or other vessels, or the goods therein for the fame, and dispose thereof as is usual in cases of distress for. nonpayment of rent, or to sue for the recovery of the fame <], Tput«as by civil bill; and in case any dispute shall arise touching the sum lulS'by any to *,e paid for every such rate, the same shall be adjusted by any justice of the justice of the peace of the county, in which such dispute shall hap-"appeal to pen, with liberty to either party to appeal from such determina-"ffizV'"1*' of ti°nt°the next going judge of assize for the county, wherein such dispute shall arise, whose determination therein shall be Anal. final.

Out of ill

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the °fdlV'f'1" co^e®-or within the said distriti, who shall collect the said duties, tanW lock or his successors, and the treasurer or clerk of the said company for the time being, into whole hands the said tolls shall be paid, shall out of the first of the said duties and tolls, which shall come into their hands, pay the salaries of the lock, keepers, ami the necessary expences of keeping the said works in repair, and next at shall in the next place at Lady day and Michaelmas in each Lady day and year, or within fifteen days after the said feasts respectively, pay or'in^y days 2nd discharge thereout half yearly all interest, that shall be due hatfycarly to l'ie cre&tors under ^,c said recited acts, or any of them, at intcrell nt 5 the rate of five pounds for each one hundred pounds yearly, ac-cvedkora un- C0l'ding to and in such order as it shall appear to such collector, dtr feid a8>, treasurer, or clerk, from iiich indorsement as mentioned in the I as by indorse- said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefect|beniures pur- Majesty on the alignments or debentures, that have been fat to 13 & granted pursuant to the said act, that the fame have been granted: iU1d shall in the next place at the feast days aforesaid, or within, ttiisafti^ ®^teen day* after the fame respectively, pay and discharge there-like manner, out half yearly all interest, that shall be due to such persons, a>

ihJ-

keepers and expences of repairing works paid,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 6;p

shall advance and pay any sum or sums of money in pursuance A D. of this act for carrying on the said navigation at the rate afore- 1779-80-(ad; and from and after the expiration of twenty years, to be Chap. 32-computed from the said twenty fifth day of December one thou-find seven hundred and seventy three, until which time it is not 2° ye»" hereby intended, that the said company shall be compellable to pay any part of the principal sums subscribed or to be subscribed, the said collector and treasurer or clerk respectively, after payment of compellable such salaries and the necessary expences of keeping the said works p°i),]3l'lcl in repair as aforesaid, and paying the interest that shall be due to the said creditors and subscribers, shall pay and apply the La duties & sum of five hundred pounds yearly and every year out of the muchas du- ° said duties arid tolls, together with so much of the said duties ri"s ^20

years was to

and tolls as during said term of twenty years is to be applied to have been a?-the payment of the interest of the said principal sums, but after- ^jdt‘00^'ri wards, as said principal sums shall be discharged, will not be ,n wanting for the payment of the interest thereof, to the discharge order before and payment of the principal sums which shall be then due and mentlone<i' owing to the creditors, who have advanced their money pursuant to the said recited acts, or any of them, or to the executors> administrators, or assigns of such creditors, according to and in the order before mentioned.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Said duties said additional duties, or such part thereof as shall from time to time be brought into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, order ilgned shall be paid over without any fee or deduction by the vice jj, treasurer or receiver general of this kingdom upon an order or fcc> draft to be signed by any three members or proxies of the said company for the time being; and that the said company shall said com-and may, if the same shall be found necessary, for the space of for twenty years to be computed from the twenty fifth day of De- jo years from cember one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, after pay- aL/pay-73’ ment of the salaries to lock keepers, and the necessary expences of keeping the said works in repair, and paying all interest that shall remainder of be due to the creditors, who have advanced their money pursuant to the said former acts, or any of them, according to the navigation, priority aforesaid, and also all interest that shall be due to the subscribers, who shall advance their money pursuant to this act, and not sooner, apply and expend the remainder of said duties and tolls to the purposes of carrying on the said navigation; and from from the expiration of the before mentioned term of twenty afu-r pa'-"" years after payment of salaries to lock keepers, and the necessary expences of keeping the said works in repair, and paying all in- f°on«) shall,

U

terest

if necessary, pply remain-

650 The nineteenth and twentieth years.of George III.

A.D.

terest that shall be due to the creditors, who have advanced their 1779-80. money pursuant to the said former acts, or any of them, accord-Chap. 32. ing to the priority aforesaid, and also the interest that shall be due to the subscribers, who shall. advance their money pursuant to laid wo*0 3c t^'ls act> aiK^ after payment of the yearly sum of five hundred to principal pounds, and also so much of the said duties and tolls as during j° £‘d!' the aforesaid term of twenty years is to be applied to the pay-this act. ment of the interest of the said principal sums, but afterwards, as said principal sums shall be discharged, will not be wanting for payment of the interest thereof, to the discharge and payment of the principal films which shall be then due and owing to the creditors, who have advanced their money pursuant to the said former acts, or any of them, according to the order and priority aforesaid; and after payment thereof, and not 1'ooner, the fail company shall and may, if the same shall be found necessary, apply and expend the remainder of the said duties and toils in prosecution of the said work, and in paying the principal sums which shall be then due to the creditors, who shall advance their money in pursuance of this act, in fuc’n manner as the said company shall think proper.

Not to pre-

XIX. Provided always, that nothing in this act contained jtiUice credi- (]w]i in any fort interfere with or prejudice the demands of hit

tors under , J r J

said acts, or creditor or creditors, who have advanced any sum or sums of mo-ccrainp'rST ncy on any security or securities granted pursuant to the said navigation, recited acts, or any of them, or any person or ersons whatlb-. ever having any claims or demands touching or in any wile concerning the said navigation.

Said com-

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that bomtwYt if the said company shall think proper at any time to borrow ftr cent. money for carrying oil the said works, more than they shall

themselves chuse to subscribe and advance for that purpose, it shall be lawful for the said company to take up and borrow upon the credit of the said works, and their estate and interest therein, any sum not exceeding the amount of so much of the sums to lit subscribed under this act, as shall be actually expended on the said j works, at any rate of interest not exceeding five pounds per at; amt strike (lwi per annum., and to strike debentures for such sum or fum1

debentures as t

by bye laws so borrowed m stich manner as laid company by their bye laws appointed, app0int; which debentures shall be an actual charge a:id

a lien upon lien upon such parts of the said company’s estate, as shall Ik

therein'111* tllerc'n spedfied.

Assignment

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that tin irank-ubir person or persons, to whom any alignment or assignments, d;-

IkhW-’.c

2

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

631

fcenture or debentures, hath or have been given and perfected by A.D. virtue of the said former acts, or any of them, or the executors, '779-S°-administrators, or assigns of iiich person or persons, to whom any Chap. 3a. allignment or assignments, debenture or debentures, shall be given and perfected by virtue of this act, or the executors, administrators, or assigns of such person or persons, may by in- will, dorfement thereon or otherwise, or by will, transfer and dif-jiofe of their right and benefit in and to the fame; and also that it shall and may be lawful for every proprietor of the joint (lock uffigntd or of the said company to assign or bequeath his or her share lliqULat,!lJ’. therein, and upon notice given of any transfer of the said deben- iutlci

r of transfer to

tares, or of any part or the said frock, by auignment, bequest or the clerk, a«j otherwise, to the clerk or regift er of the said company: entry thereof made in the book kept by him of the orders and proceedings of said company, the endorsee, assignee, or legatee, his executors, administrators, and alligns shall be intitled to the foie benefit of the sum or (urns so transferred, assigned, or be-

(juejthed; and that the said assignments, debentures, or stock

may in like manner be again transferred, assigned, or disposed of by

Inch assignee dr allignecs, or legatee, his, her, or their executors,

administrators, or alligns, and lb from time to time as often as oc-_so from

calion shall require; and that after such assignment made it shall t"m:lot,ni'>

not be in the power of the person or persons, who shall make such m>t after in

allignment, to make void, relcafe, or discharge the fame, or the a%nor"

sum or sums thereby transferred or assigned, or any part thereof;

and that every allignment or bequest to be made or given of any every assign-

money due by any of the said debentures, or that shall hcreaf-

ter be due or chargeable upon the property of the said company,

or be any part of the joint stock of the said company, shall be

entered in a book for that phrpose, to be kept at such place as

shall be appointed by the said company; and that no

assignment or bequest shall be deemed good and effectual to no *010 in

intitle any person to vote in any of the assemblies of the said 011

company, Until entry thereof shall be made in such book as

aforesaid.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the "<

1 . in- n 1, l°lls, &c-

laid company, their executors, administrators, and alligns shall pioiiortiou 10 be infilled to the tolls, duties, and advantages and profits hereby jJ7n0,"|il vested in them in proportion to their respective interests in the ’

joint stock of the said company, (subject to such charges as the or said company shall think fit to make for eompieating and pro-serving laid works) and the foil and water of the canal and navigation,

6^2

A.D. 1779.80. Chap. 32.

pei fonal estate,

Hock not liable to foreign attachment.

Subfcnher and lender, thro* whose estate said navigation carried. may charge his real estate for younger children with the payment, notwithstanding settlement. 4ce.

Turnpikes n track

and toll taken.

the toll

Paid but once a day at ne gate.

no puklick road obstructed.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

vigation, together with the banks thereof, and such other porti. ons of ground as the said company are iropowered to acquire by virtue of this act; and that the said proprietor’s interest therein shall be deemed and adjudged in all courts of law and equity to be personal and not real estate; and that the capital stock of the said company, or the interest of any particular member therein, shall not be liable to any foreign attachment.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for every subscriber under the said former acts, or any of them, and every other person who shall advance or pay any sum of money under and by virtue of this act towards compleating the said work, and through whose lands or estate the said navigation or any part thereof now doth or hereafter may pass and be carried, to charge his real estate for the use of his younger child or children with the payment of such sum and sums of money and other interest, which he may have in the said joint stock, as he shall assign or bequeath to his heir, any settlement or any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding; it being judged most fit and proper that the proprietors of estates, through which the said navigation does or shall pass, should have a property and interest therein.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the said company to erect one or more turnpikes upon and across any of the trackways, which now are or shall be made on either fide of the said navigation, and to take and receive the following tolls, for which they may distrain and fell, as is usual at other turnpikes; (that is to say) for every coach, berlin, choriot, or chaise, drawn by fix horles, one shilling: for every coach, berlin, chariot, or chaise, drawn by 'less than fixhorfes, and more than one, sixpence; for every waggon two shillings and sixpence; for every cart or other carriage with four wheels sixpence; for every chaise with one horse threepence; for every car or cart with more than one horse twopence; for every car or cart with one horse one penny; for every single horse one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle twenty pence by the score; and for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep, goats, or lambs ten pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler number.

XXV. Provided always, that such toll shall be paid only once at one gate in any one day; and that no road, which is now publick, shall be thereby obstructed.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the owner of every vessel or boat above the burthen of two tons navigating the said canal or navigation, or any of the off branches thereof, shall cause his, her, or their names and places of abode, and also the name of the person having the care of such vessel or boat, and his place of abode, with the dimensions or tunnage of their respective boats or vessels, to be painted in large capital letters on the upper part of the quarter on each side of such vessel or boat, and to be kept constantly legible upon the lame j and shall cause the fame several particulars to be entered in a book kept by said company for that purpose; and shall also cause the said boat to be numbered as aforesaid; or in default thereof every such owner shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered by any person who will sue for the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the owner of every such boat or vessel navigating the said canal, or any of the off branches thereof, shall be answerable for any damage or mischief, which shall be done by any of the crew or persons belonging to any such boat or vessel to any of the works of the said navigation, or to any of the goods laden in such boat or vessel.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person having the charge or management of any boat or other vessel, or navigating or working the fame, shall lay such boat or vessel so as to obstruct the passage of other boats or vef-(cls, and shall not upon request immediately remove the fame, or shall hinder the opening or (hutting of any of the locks, sluices, dams, or other works of the said navigation, or if the person having the care or management of such vessel shall be absent (unless by reason of some inevitable accident) from the boat or vessel, to which he belongs, at any time during (he course of the passage on the said canal, cuts, or river, every person so offending shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding fwtv shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person shall wilfully throw any ballad, dones, dung, dirt, rubbish, or day into the river, canal, or cuts, or into any of the parts of the said navigation, or shall without the consent of the said company, or of some of their officers, lay any Hones, dung, dirt, rubbish, brick, lime, timber, or clay on any track, road, or bank, belonging to the said canal or navigation, such person being thereof convicted before any justice of the peace of the county, wherein such offence shall be committed,

*3$

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 32.

Owner’s name & abode of boats above 2 tons, and persons having the care, painted in capitals on each side, with tunnage, kept legible, booked, numbered, penalty 40s. to prose-ctftor*

Answerable for damage by the crew to the works or goods laden.

Obtruding other boats.

hindering, opening, or (hutting locks, &c.

absence, unless inevitable,

penalty not above 40s.

Throwing in mbbifbi &c.

or laying on any track or bank, on t wit-fiefs before a jitdice, 401. to the company

ment committed not above 3 months, floating raft 40s., and satisfaction for damage.

634 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George-Ill

A.D.

ted, by the path of one witness at the least, such person shall 1779*80. forfeit to the said company the sum of forty shillings 5 and in Chap. 32. case such offender shall not immediately-after convi£Hon pay ' on non pay- said sum.he shall by the warrant of such justice be lent to the house of correction to be kept to hard labour for such time, as such justice shall direct, not exceeding three months: and if any person shall keep any raft of timber or boards floating on the said navigation, or any part thereof, without the consent of the said -company, such person being convicted thereof before any justice of peace as aforesaid shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings to the said company for every such offence, and shall also make full satisfaction to the said company for any damage, that may be done thereby.

Boats funK,

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^at any ^oat or other vessel shall happen to be funk in the willed by laid navigation, and the owner and person having the care of her shall not without loss of time weigh or draw up the fame out of the way of other vessels passing upon the said navigation, any agent or servant of the said company may cause such boat or vessel to be weighed or drawn up, and detain the fame, until payment be made of all expences occasioned thereby , and, if if not in such payment be not made in four days, shall cause sale to be iSur/el $° made thereof for reimbursing the said expence or incident charges, and shall return the overplus, if any there be, to the owner of speh boat or vessel.

Maliciously

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, opening lock, that if any person shall maliciously open or cause to be opened any lock, sluice, weir, dam, gate, or water course belonging to orfoleaving lhe navigation, or shall so leave any of the fame open or ' ‘ running, after any boat or vessel shall have passed any lock belonging inSt0 the said navigation, or shall otherwise maliciously mispend the water, or waste the water of the said navigation, every person for such forfeit 3l. offence shall forfeit the sum of three pounds; and if any per-down or'Ha. k"1 or Per^ns shah wilfully and maliciously break down or damaging works mage, or cause to be broken down or damaged, any of the works, thlfrtpldrl’on already made or which shall be made for the use of the said o^nd'am'11 nav*S^a°n, all and every persons so offending, and being thereof ’ convicted upon an information or indictment, shall forfeit to the said company treble the sum necessary to be laid out in repairing arccrtained such damage; which sum shall be ascertained by the iury, who ^impiiioned shall try such offence; and the judge, before whom such offence rill payment, shall be tried, shall commit such offender or offenders to thecom-offence!'"* mon goal, till he or they shall pay to the said company the sum 5 w

company'*

agent*.

detained till expence paid.

after boats passing,

The nineteenth, and twentieth years o/ George DL 6$ 5

or fame lb afcettained; such offence shall be laitl in dhc county, A.D. in which the fame happened. i^7p-8o.’

XXXII. Provided always, that the aforesaid act of the twenty Chap. 32. seventh year of the reign of his laid late Majesty, and also the said acts of the third and of the eleventh and twelfth and of ' 3

the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty, and usAjG.

every clause or article in the said acts, or any of them, except in ,+

(itch particulars or teipects as the same are or may be altered by & 3-c-,

this present act, shall remain and continue in full force, as if this in so!w"u&ve

act had not been made. " he,rein al"

tcreth

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that General if-if any suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person jjradSJ and ot persons for any act', matter, or thing, that shall be done in [j^ye"ter pursuance of this act, such pe'rfori 'mdy plead the general issue

and give the special matter in evidence; and that this act shall be judged, deemed, and taken as a publick act, and shall be judici- apubtick ally taken notice of by all judges, justices, and other persons "' whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXXIV. And whereas it is alledged, that the trustees or commissioners, appointed to execute the purposes of the said recited payment of lhtute of the twenty seventh of the said late King, in order

more effectually to execute such purposes were obliged during ».-/& the minority of Miss Leritia Maxwell to occupy with materials, and make a track road, and a cut through several parts of the lands of Drumbegg in the county of Down, the real estate of the said Letitia, and that the said Letitia hath not yet received any compensation for the fame; and for as much as the powers and authorities now remaining in the corporation for carrying on and promoting an inland navigation in Ireland with respect to the navigation of the river Lagan will from the time of the passing this act be transferred to and vested in the company hereby incorporated for carrying on and compleating the inland navigation, mentioned in the said recited statute of the twenty seventh of the said late King: therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and immediately after the passing of this act the funds heretofore and hereby provided for carrying on and compleating the said navigation shall become charged and chargeable with the payment of such damages (if any) as the said Letitia Maxwell hath sustained by the means a, aftifed aforesaid, and such as may be assessed by a jury, or estimated by Jjj'ur an amicable award or arbitration.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mbytiu that such sum or sums of money, as shall be so assessed or award-

ed,

6 j 6 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

ed, shall be paid to the said Letitia Maxwell, her. executors, or

I.779-80. administrators, out of the said funds, by the treasurer to the: company or corporation hereby instituted in six months, after the same shall be so assessed.or awarded.

CHAP. XXXIII.

discouraged i>y bounties on import,

An act for granting bounties on the export of certain speciesoftbe linen and hempen manufactures of this kingdom therein enumerated-, andfir repealing the bounties on flax seed, imported, andfir emu-raging the growth thereof in this kingdom.

Cultivation "\ WHEREAS flax seed raised in this kingdom is found to be of flax seed of as good quality as any imported, and sufficient quantities could be raised therein, if the cultivation thereof were promoted, and not discouraged by bounties on the importation of foreign flax seed: and whereas the annual average amount of those bounties for eight years ending the twenty fifth day of March one annual ave- thousand seven hundred and seventy nine appears to have been

rage of boun-

b'm 8 yean the sum of seven thousand two hundred and fifty pounds five Shillings one penny, and five eighths of a penny yearly: be it ena^d bY she king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the ad-88 *’ vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty no bounty or premium flixbf«dor>n shall be paid for or on account of any flax seed or linseed im-linfecdim- ported into this kingdom; any law to the contrary notwith-poticd. landing.

From 2+ II- And that from the said twenty fourth day of June one \Uf- ’ thousand seven hundred and eighty until the twenty fifth day of 178?,»riim December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive ytyoljfcr* a after the rate of seven thousand two hundred and fifty Mn. applied pounds Sterling per annum for said time Shall be applied to cn-po«shoesc courage the growth of flax seed and hempseed in this kingdom) in-rap fod"*1 the said sum to be paid out of such monies as the said bounties paid out ot on imported flax seed have been usually paid out of, or out of all r;°- or any of the aids and duties granted this session of parliament, ont’of'dutks by the vice treasurers, receivers or receiver general, in this king-thU session, dom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further of treaLre other warrant to' be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, in without fur- manner herein after mentioned.

tW wauaftt,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 637

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A.D. the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures shall and 1779-80. they are hereby required to propose and publish such premiums, Chap. 33. amounting in the whole annually to the sum of seven thousand '^Trutu«w two hundred and fifty pounds sterling, for encouraging the

growth of flax seed and hemp feed in all or any of the counties 7*501. annu-in this kingdom, and in such proportions in each county to be powth of claimed under such restrifitions and regulations as they shall think proper, proportions

IV. Provided always, that every claim shall be required to be made before and shall be adjudged by the grand jury of the

county at some assizes to be appointed by the said trustees for j,dsed by that purpose, or on the day after such assizes, by such persons as composed the grand jury or the majority of them. pointed by

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that so soon day after, as the said trustees shall have determined and published the pro-

portions of money to be distributed for premiums as aforesaid in the proyorti. each county, they shall give notice thereof in writing to the comuy^auJ vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, specifying the sum to be distributed in each county, Crs, to'be and the assizes at or immediately after which the said premiums [*1 are to be respectively claimed and adjudged; and the vice treasur- (>>rcr of each era, receiver or paymaster general, his or their deputy or depu- u>mar' tics, are hereby required to remit and pay at any convenient time before such assizes to the respective treasurer of each county the sum, so to be distributed in his county respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that j,rem;llm entry treasurer receiving such money as aforesaid shall pay upon njjudsal, demand without fee or reward to every person, to whom any such mandwitiwut premium shall be adjudged, the full amount of premium so ad- r"^ccl. judged to him or her, and shall enter said payments and monies mi ]«>-

by him received in a book to be by him kept for that purpose j ms b"ok‘ which account, verified by him upon oath, shall be laid before , "n,

1 . J 1. 1 /r* 1 , r laul before

the grand jury at the succeeding assizes $ and every such treatu- grand jury rer shall for any neglect:, refusal, or misbehaviour in any matter herein enacted to be done or performed by him, be accountable for ncsitft or in like manner, and subject to like penalties and regulations, as r,il>jcei a, for he is now by law subject to for or in respect of money raised for r0,ul the repair of roads.

VII. And for the further encouragement of flax seed and hemp &|. f!r feed to be raised in this kingdom be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that there shall be raised, levied, and paid to your imported His Majesty, your heirs and successors, a duty of six pence a gallon said l"1’

6j8

A.D. 1779.80. Chap. 33. UYV

paid to said trustees to encourage railing feed.

Distinct accounts kept of money so expended.

Bounties on export of Irish linens 25 inches broad, to Africa, fee. between 24 Jxme 1780, and 25 Dec. 1781.

and chequed or ilriped linen, or diaper, &c.

1 yard broad,

and for sail cloth or«an-vas to any place except G Britain.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

for and upon every gallon of Iinfeed oil, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid j and that the fame and all money arising thereby shall be paid to the said trustees, and shall be by them expended in further encouraging the railing of flax seed or hemp feed in this kingdom.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trusteees shall keep or cause to be kept separate and distinct accounts of all money, expended by them in promoting the growth of flax seed and hemp feed.

IX. And whereas it would tend much to the enlargement of the linen and hempen manufactures^ if various branches thereof were to be encouraged by a bounty on their exportation: bs it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person or persons, who shall export out of this kingdom to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or the island of Minorca, at any time or times between the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty and the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive, any Irish linens made of flax or hemp of the breadth of twenty five inches or more, shall receive without fee or reward the bounties following, that is to say, for every yard thereof under the value of five pence the sum of one halfpenny; and for every yard thereof of the value of five pence, and under the value of six pence halfpenny, the sum of one penny; and for every yard thereof of the value of six pence halfpenny, and under the value of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny, the sum of three halfpence; and that every person or persons, who shall export to any of the said places during the time aforesaid any Irish chequed or striped linen of the breadth of twenty five inches or more, or any Irish made diapers, huckabacks, sheeting, or other pieces of linen upwards of one yard in breadth, shall receive without fee or reward the bounties following, that is to say, for every yard of such chequed or striped linen not exceeding one shilling and seven pence halfpenny, and not under seven pence the yard in value, the sum of one halfpenny; and for every square yard of such diaper, huckaback, sheeting, or other linens, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding one shilling and seven pence halfpenny the square yard in value, the sum of three halfpence for every square yard thereof, and so in proportion for any quantity exceeding a square yard; and that every person or persons, who shall export during the time aforesaid to any place except Great Britain any Irish made sail cloth or canvas, fit for or made into fails, by way of merchandize, shall receive without fee or deduction a bounty of six pence halfpenny for every three ells thereof.

3

The nineteenth and twentieth years of ( George III. 639

X. Provided always, that the exporter of such sail cloth or A.D canvas, before he receives said bounty, shall make oath (which 1779" -oath the proper officer of the revenue at the porti where the fame Chap. 33.

/hall be /hipped, shall have power to administer) that such fail o«u that' cloth or canvas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported or

/hipped to be exported without any intention to be relanded in made in in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, or the cdVr fluppld ilands of Faro or Ferro, and that no former reward or bounty to,be'vid'.out

# . , relancung in

has been paid for the same by virtue of this act. <?. Britain,

XI. Provided always, that the exporter or feller for exportation {

of such Irish linens, Irish chequed or striped linens, and Irish and no Tor-

* ' mcr bounty.

huckabacks, diapers, flieetings, and other species of linens, shall Quantity in his entry thereof express the quantity and value thereof, and likewise endorse on the cocket granted upon such entry the true entry, and quantity and value of the linens intended to be /hipped; and moreover /Ball, before he receives such bounty, produce a certi- . ’>eforc

> bounty paid,

ncate from the searcher or other proper officer appointed to fee searchcr’s the fame /hipped, verifying the shipping thereof, and shall like- ^roted, wife give sufficient security to the collector or other chief officer aiidfccu_ of the port in the penalty of double the value of the goods in- rity >* dou-tended to be exported, and one hundred pounds, which security aJdTool! not every such collector or other officer is hereby impowered and re- l° quired to take in the name and to the use of his Majesty, his Ireland\ or heirs and successors, that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, Iihm'

Iheeting, or other species of linens, so shipped or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on lliore again in any port or part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, and shall also, before lie receives any such of Tie'Ll bounty, make oath (which oath the proper officers of the customs made «/« have hereby power to administer) of the value of such linens, w' and that the fame were made in Ireland.

XII. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining the said bounty be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it tcrtpttymay shall and may be lawful to and for any surveyor or other proper open and officer, after the entry of any linens as being entitled to the pTcbgc? said bounty, and before or after the shipping thereof, to open

and strictly examine any bale, truss, chest, or other package,

to fee if the goods are right entered and endorsed on the cocket j

and if on such examination the same shall be found to be right and if right

entered and endor/ed, the officer shall at his own charge cause

the same to bere packed 5 which charge shall be allowed to the puck, ’

said officer by the conimilimners of the revenue, if they think it ow~

Officer af-

reasonable.

charge.

6qo she nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1779-80. that if upon view and examination by the proper officers of the Chap. 33.

revenue it shall appear, that all or any piece or pieces of linen If linen or chequed or striped linen, which shall be entered for exportation as entitled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, sheeting, or other species of linen upwards of one yard in breadth, which shall be entered for exportation as entitled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny the square yard, that then and in every such case the exporter or feller of such linen for exportation shall on demand made in writing by the surveyor of the port, where such goods or merchandizes are entered, deliver or cause to be deli-tlwSng’a"10 vered I® many pieces of such linen, as shall be demanded by the wuehouse. said officer, into his Majesty's warehouse at the port of exporta-very^the fur- tion for the use and benefit of the crown; and upon such delivery

entered for export as in* titled to bounty, appear above is. 7|d./er yard, # or diaper, &c. above is. 7id. the square yard, exporter shall deliver so many pieces as demanded by

veyor with collcfloris privity shall out of any duties pay exporter

the surveyor of such port with the privity of the collector or other chief officer shall out of any money in the hands of such collector arising by any duties belonging to the crown pay to such exporter or feller for exportation the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny per yard, taking a receipt for the irregularly88 fame from such exporter or feller for exportation, in full satisfaction for the said goods as if they had been regularly fold; and the commissioners of the revenue shall cause the said goods to be fairly and publickly fold for the be/b advantage, and out of the produce thereof the money so paid or advanced as aforesaid shall be repaid to such collector to be replaced to the revenue; and if any overplus shall remain after defraying the expences of of "overplus'7 such sale and the necessary charges incident thereto, one moiety of such overplus shall be paid into his Majesty's treasury towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to the proper officers who shall have searched and examined such linens.

is. %iA-p‘ yard in iuli

fold,

Add goods sold by commissioners to bed advantage, the collector repaid,

to government,

the other to officers examining*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall enter for exportation any linen at any value, not exceeding the value of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or any diaper, huckaback, sheeting, or other linen upwards of one yard in breadth, at any time not exceeding one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per square yard, and which upon the view and examination of the proper officer of the revenue shall be thought to be of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard or square yard respectively.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 1

tivd}', and shall on demand made in writing by the surveyor or other officer of the port, where such linen is entered for exportation, refuse to deliver1 or cause to be delivered all or any of the pieces of such linen,' diaper, huckaback, or lheeting into his Majesty's warehouse at such port for the use and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the said officers of the revenue at the said port the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny pr yard or square yard respectively for such linen in full satisfaction for the same; or if the proper officers of the revenue shall upon view and examination find any such linen, which shall be entered for exportation, at the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, or above that value not exceeding one shilling and (even pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall be entered at the value of five pence per yard, or above that value, and not amounting to the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value of five pence per yard, or if any such linen shall be less in quantity, than shall be expressed in the said indorsement on the said entry or cocket, or shall not be of the breadth of twenty five inches at the least, or of the breadth of one yard, if lb entered, or if the same shall be entered and indorsed under a wrong denomination, whereby the said bounty or any part thereof would have been fraudulently obtained, that then and in every such case all such linen, which shall be so refused to be delivered, or that shall be under the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, or live pence per yard I'espectively, or shall appear to be less in quantity than expressed in such indorsement, or be under the breadth of twenty five inches or one yard respectively, or entered and endorted under a wrong denomination, and also all the goods contained in all and every the package or packages endorsed on the said entry or cocket, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and the owner or merchant shall lose the benefit of receiving the bounty

A.D 1779-80. Chap. 33.

1_Alt such linen refuted to be deliver* cd into the king’s ware* hmife, or linen entered for export, found to be under the value of 6|d. or jd. per yard respectively;

or less in quantity than in indot Cement,

or under breadth of 25 inches, or I yard,

for such goods.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any Irish linen, diaper, huckaback, (heeting, or sail cloth, or canvas, for which the bounty shall have been given or claimed, liiall be relanded in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iste of Man, the same shall be forfeited; and every person concerned in bringing back or relanding the fame, shall forfeit one shilling tin' every yard or square yard of such linen respectively, and two shillings for every ell of such sail cloth or canvas so brought back or relanded.

or under wrong deno* ntination,

forfeited, seized by any officer, and no bounty.

If reianded in G. Britain, ]reLu:dt or forfeited,

and is. every yard or square yard of linen,

2s. per el! of sail cloth or canvas.

642 - The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

XVI. And in order to provide towards the payment of said 1779-80. bounties on linens and other goods exported be it enacted by Chap. 33. the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth '^rom7+ day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty until the tjDicl°St twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and an additional eighty one there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to ferctfol your Majesty, your heirs and successors, an additional import Fftdma 'tf or duty after the rate of five pounds per centum on the produce wards and im* and amount of the customs inwards and import excise, which

port excise* on any goods imported.

shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and which shall be collected in this kingdom for and upon any goods or merchandizes imported into the fame, except upon tobacco, hops, sugars, and the several goods and merchandizes of the product or manufacture of the British colonies in America, or the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa, whereon any duties are imposed or altered this ielfion of parliament-; the said additional impost or duty to be paid upon the amount of the said customs and import excise, after all usual discounts and allowances shall have been made therefrom; and that the monies arising therefrom shall be applied towards payment of the said bounties; and that if the said monies shall not be sufficient to answer the fame, &!ff notfuf8’ t'lat Part of the produce of the duties upon teas, as is proficient, fitch vided by an act passed this session of parliament, intitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty an additional duty on hcer, ok, wine, tobacco, hides, and other goods and merchandizes therein motioned, and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and fherlaa, by parliament an^ of wmbricks and lawns, except of the manufacture of Gm Britain, and of all bops except of the growth of Great Britain onl the British plantations, to be paid to the said trustees, to be by them applied in such manner as shall be directed by parliament, not exceeding ten thousand five hundred pounds in the whole, during said time, shall be applied towards payment of the said bounties 5 any thing in the said act to the contrary notsvith-standing.

Said boun-

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the

ties paid on

except tobacco, hops, sugars* and product of the colonies, or African settlements* whereon duties imposed or altered this session, said duty after all usual discounts and allowances* applied to

part of duties on teas by 19 & 20 G. 3. c. 7. to be paid to trustees to' be applied

directed, not exceeding 105001. shall be applied towards? said bounties.

demand with- fiud bounties shall be paid on demand without fee or reward to the exporter or feller for exportation, subject to the several regulations herein contained, by the collector of the port, where such goods shall be shipped, out of the said monies, and the said part of the produce of the duties upon teas; and that the surplus of the said part of the duties on teas, provided by said act to be paid to the whd* ifr ttuftoes, after deducing thereout lo much thereof 3S

aforesaid,

out fee by collector where goods shipped out of said monies and tea duty, surplus of

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George ML

643

aforesaid as shall or may be applied towards payment of the A.D. said bounties, or the whole thereof lb provided to be paid to 1779-80. them by the said act, if no part thereof shall be so applied Chap. 33. towards payment of the said bounties, together with the furplns n^Tfoa^i. or residue of all money arising from the said additional impost or duty after payment of all the said bounties, shall be paid to tioiui impost the said trustees for the encouragement of the linen and hempen manufactures, to be applied in such manner as they shall think to said mif-

nmnrr tees> aPP1!e4

ProPCr- a9 they think

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and every the several and respective duties and rates here- raised and by granted, shall be raised, answered, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, «. or other at the same time, and in like manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and expressed in and by the said act, made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, intitled. An act for the settling of the excise and new itnpojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, or by any other law now in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in the body of this present act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the wish Hte party grieved as in and by the said act of excise, or any other appeal, law or laws now in being relating to the duty of excise, is provided.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that neither the six pence per pound nor any other fee shall be officenmac-payable to, hor be deducted or received by, the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the *>>" aft-pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of the iHiiing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of, the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, or of any payment to be made in pursuance hereof.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

J779J- CHAP. XXXIV.

An act to continue and amend an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his frefent Majesty, intitled, An act for the encouragement of tillage, and rendering the carriage of corn to the city of Dublin less expenfve.

importers of wheat, Sec. Irish product, by water coastways to Dublin, not nearer Couth

17 ie 18 G. \X WHEREAS an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth 3efi3|4'b'" years of the reign of his present Majesty, entituled, An act

for the encouragement of tillage, and rendering the carriage of corn to the city of Dublin less expenfme, hath been found beneficial to this kingdom: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament af. sembled, and by the authority of the same, that all and every person or persons, who shall from and after the passing of this act import any found merchantable wheat, oats, oatmeal, here or barley, beans, pease, flour of wheat, or malt made of here, or barley, of the growth and produce of this kingdom, by water coastways to the city of Dublin from any port or place to the than Wicklow southward of Dublin, not nearer than Wicklow nor further tWhc'Tuf. therefrom than the Tufcar, or from any port or place to the car, not near- northward of Dublin, not nearer thereto than Drogheda nor SZLfanor further therefrom than Carrickfergus, and shall fell and discharge the fame at the publick markets or places, where com or malt and who 1a\ is usually fold in Dublin, shall upon performing the several re. market "for quotes herein expressed receive the sum of four pence per hun-yTrlt, dred weight for each and every hundred weight of such wheat, shall on per- oats, oatmeal, here, bai ley, beans, or pease, and the sum of twelve pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of flour of wheat, and the lum of twelve pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of malt made of bere and barley imported or brought into Dublin as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and every person and persons, who shall from and after the passing this act import or bring any such found merchantable of Tufcar anii wheat, oats, oatmeal, bere, barley, beans, peas, flour of wheat, than cf or malt matte of here or barley, of the growth and produce of mri’mv ft t‘1'S kingdom by water coastways to the city of Dublin from of C.\rr]ckf,r- any port or place southward of the Tufcar, and not further furihcr'd'an therefrom than Cape Clear, or from any port or place to Daatf Had t|10 northward or weft ward of Carrickfergus, and not further a there-

forming rc-tjuilitcs receive 41l. per loowt. of wheats See,

12d. per ICOWt. of Dour of wheat, ami malt of here or lurlcy.

From south

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 645

therefrom than Doonaff head in the county of Donegall, and A.D.

ihal! fell and discharge the fame in the publick markets or places, 1779-80.

where such grain or rflour is usually fold in Dublin, shall in

like manner upon performing the several requisites herein cx- mDemgaHsi.

pressed receive the sum of five pence' per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of such wheat, oats, oatmeal,

here, barley, beans, or peas, as also the sum of fourteen pence such mait,ai>4

per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of malt ,v|,t.

made of here or barley, as also the sum of fourteen pence per

hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of flour of

wheat imported or brought into Dublin as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, from l«e-That all and every person and persons, who shall from and after afriiiT the passing this act import or bring any such found or mer-chantable grain, meal, malt, or flour of the growth and pro- ioowt. of duce of this kingdom by water coaltways to the city of Dublin ^3]'^"'’ from any port or place to the western coast of this kingdom between Cape Clear in the county of Cork and Doonaff Head flour of

in the county of Donegall, and shall fell and discharge the fame 'vlirat' in the publick markets or places, where such grain, meal, malt, or flour are usually fold in Dublin, shall in like manner upon performing the several requisites herein expressed receive the sum of ten pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of such wheat, oats, oatmeal, here, barley, beans, or peas 5 as also the sum of eighteen pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of malt made of here and barley, as also the sum of eighteen pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of flour of wheat imported or brought into Dublin as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas a very considerable trouble and expence is DMin col-imposed upon the collector of Dublin port by the said act in comparing and certifying the original certificates, affidavits, and f returns with the copies transmitted to him, in taking affidavits

of mailers and factors, and paying bounties, employing clerks, and keeping accounts of such payments in the manner directed by the said act: in consideration of which be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand l’even hundred and eighty, the colicdtor of Dublin port for the time being shall and may dedufl for his dr.'uand own use from the person or persons, so entitled to said bounty 15 ai 1

VOL. XI. 8 A

or

646 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

or bounties, at the rate of six pence out of every pound fter-1779-80. ling, paid by him in bounty for wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, barley, or flour of wheat, malt or oatmeal, brought coafhvays to the city of Dublin, and that in his absence his deputy may administer the several oaths and take the affidavits prescribed by the said act.

Magiltraie V. Provided always, That the magistrate shall not certify for tify for such any such malt, unless the person making the affidavit, required affidavUiiifo for entitling the owner to such premium, shall also swear, that of properly the said malt is properly manufactured, well fereened and cleaned,

menufactur- '

ed, fereened and that every twelve none thereof measures thirty two gallons

and c!eryu Winchester measure at the least.

fton^32 gal-

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the om Hindi/- may be continued to the twenty fourth day of June one

iniyl* con- thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and to the end of the

tinued to 24 then next session of Parliament.

Jung 1784, and to end of then next fef-

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for regulating the Sugar Trade, and granting to His Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned.

Kxpirej25^ ^nrrE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, in Parliament assembled, as a further supply to your Majesty to support the expences of your Majesty's government and with a grateful sense of the large and commercial benefits to arise from an open and direct intercourse with the sugar colonics of Great Britain, do most humbly bcfeedi your Majesty, tint it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern-poral and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one inclusive, and no longer, there shall he raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several rates ami duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, an additional duty for and upon all brown or Muscovado sugars, being of the growth or produce of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, after the rate of sixteen pounds one Hulling and eleven pence and fifteen twentieth parts of a penny for every one hundred pound? value thereof, as the fame is rated for custom in this kingdom, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid from any of the said places by any of his Majesty’.*

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 647

subjects; or if the fame be imported from any of the places aforesaid by merchants A.D. grangers during the time aforesaid, then an additional duty after the rate of twelve X 779*®®' pounds fifteen shillings and five pence for the like quantity, and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity; an additional duty for and upon all white sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of the said places, after the rate of fourteen pounds ten shillings and seven pence and fifteen twentieth parts of a penny for every one hundred pounds value thereof, as the fame is rated for custom in this kingdom, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid from any of the said places or from Great Britain by any of his Majesty's subjects, or if the fame be imported from any of the said places or from Great Britain by any merchant (hranger, then an additional duty after the rate of eleven pounds four shillings and one penny for the like quantity, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; an additional duty for and upon all brown or Muscovado sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of the said places, which shall be imported from Great Britain into this kingdom during the time aforesaid by any person, native or stranger, of five shillings and six pence ten twentieth parts of one penny and one eighth part of a twentieth for every one hundred and twelve futtle pounds weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; an additional duty for and upon all refined sugars in loaves, not being bastards, and on all candy, which shall be imported from Great Britain during the time aforesaid, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, after the me of nine shillings and two pence ten twelfths of a penny for every one hundred and twelve futtle pounds weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity *, an additional duty for and upon all refined sugars called bastards, and all ground and powdered refined lugars, and all refined loaf broke in pieces, which shall be imported front Great Britain, after the rate of five shillings and six pence halfpenny for every hundred and twelve futtle pounds weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; an additional duty for and upon all brown or Muscovado sugars, not being of the growth or produce of the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid, after the rate of strenteen shillings and eighteen twentieth parts of a penny for every one hundred and twelve futtle pounds weight thereof; an additional duty for and upon all white sugar not bring of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of the said places, or of Great ic inin, after the rate of nineteen shillings and eight pence nine twentieth parts of a 8 A 2 penny

648 The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

a penny and one fifth part of a twentieth for every one hundred and twelve finds

1779-80. pounds weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Chap. 35.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, and paid for and upon all refined sugars of the growth, produce,

or manufacture of any of the British colonies in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported from thence into this kingdom during the time aforesaid by any merchant or merchants, his Majesty's subjects, a duty after the rate of twenty three pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence fifteen twentieth parts of a penny for every five hundred pounds and fifteen seventeenth parts of a hundred pounds weight, each hundred containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, or if the fame be imported from thence by any merchants {(rangers, then a duty after the rate of twenty five pounds eight shillings and one penny for the like- quantity, and so ill proportion for any greater or less quantity; and a duty for and upon all refined fiigar, not being of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the Britilli plantations in America, or the West In. dies, or of the manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported during the time aforesaid, after the rate of four pounds ten shillings and five pence for each hundred and twelve futtle pounds weight thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; which said la ft mentioned duties of twenty three pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence fifteen twentieth parts of a penny, twenty five pounds eight shillings and one penny and four pounds ten shillings and five pence are to be in lieu and full satisfaction of all duties, customs, and subsidies payable on the import of the said several articles respectively by any act or acts of Parliament heretofore made in this kingdom.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all drawbacks or allowances now given by law on the exportation of brown or Muscovado sugars, white sugars, and refined sugars, shall from the passing of this act cease and be no longer payable; and that in lieu of the said drawbacks on refined sugars, and for the encouragement of rcGning sugars in Ireland, a bounty shall be allowed and paid upon all refined sugars, which shall be exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, after the rate of fifteen shillings and eight pence halfpenny for every one hundred and twelve futtle pounds weight 01 such refined sugars exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to

« fa?,

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.* 649

say of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which hath gone through the ope- A.' D.

ration of two or more clays, sinceitwas last in the pan, and hath been properly 1779*0.

and thoroughly dried in the stove, according to the present practice of refining; Chap. 35*

and after the rate of six shillings and ten pence and one third of a penny for every

one hundred and twelve futtle pounds weight of such refined sugar, called bastard,

and of all ground and powdered refined sugar, and all refined loaf sugar broke in

pieces, the said sugar having been twice clayed and properly dried in the Hove,

and of all candy properly refined and manufactured, and free from dirt and scum,

which shall be exported during the time aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That if any of the said refined sugars being either in small or great loaves, commonly called lumps, shall have gone through the operation of three clays at the least, since they were last in the pan, and shall be net, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the stove in the manner herein before directed, though such loaves be exported without the final! ends or tips, they shall be esteemed comple.it and whole within the true intent and meaning of this act, ami the exporter of the same shall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all duties, subsidies, and customs whatsoever, paid on the impart of Muscovado or brown sugars, the growth or produce of the iiritilli plantations in America or the West Indies, be allowed

and drawn back on their export within one \car; and that on the export of such as shall be imported after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand foven hundred and eighty at any time after one year and within three years, the sum of twenty one pounds eight shillings and two pence and five twentieth par's of a penny, and no more, be drawn back for every one hundred pounds vain.: thereof, as the fame rated for custom inwards, in lieu of all drawbacks now allowed by law thereon, and so in proportion for any greater or lcf$ quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the proper officer or officers of your Majesty's revenue shall upon view and examination either before or after shipping find any sugar or candy, which shall be entered for exportation in order to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to be less in quan- , tity than expressed in the exporter’s indorsement, or entered under a wrong denomination, or if such sugars shall not be respectively refined in the manner before directed, or if such candy shall not be properly refined and manufactured, and free

650 »?"he nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A* D. from dirt acid scum, all such sugar or candy shall be forfeited) and shall and may 1779-80. be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and prosecuted according to law.

Chap. 35.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That b'efore any drawback or bounty is paid for any of the sugars or candy, being of the manufacture of tins kingdom, herein before mentioned, or any debenture made out for the fame, the refiner or refiners, not being the exporter or exporters of such sugar or candy, shall make oath before the collector or other proper officer of the port, that he or they fold such sugars or candy, expressing the quantity and the time when, to the person or persons intending to export the fame, and that such sugars have respectively gone through the operations herein before expressed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stoves, or that such candy has been properly refined and manufactured according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and as he or they verily believe, such sugar or candy was produced from brown or Muscova-do sugar of the growth or produce of his Majesty's plantations in America, and imported from thence or from Great Britain, and that the several duties payable there* 011 were duly paid at the time of importing the fame 5 and the exporter and exporters of such sugars or candy shall then make oath, that such sugars or candy, being the-sugars or candy for which such bounty or drawback is then claimed, arc the identical sugars or candy, or part thereof, which were sold to him as aforesaid by such refiner or refiners; and before the money due upon such debenture or debentures shall be paid, such exporter or exporters shall also make oath, that the said sugars or candy have been duly exported, his Majesty's searchcr also certifying the Hupping thereof, and all other requisites duly performed; and whenever the refiner or refiners of such sugar or candy shall be the exporter or exporters thereof, he or they flfall then make oath as well of the due exportation of the fame, as of the fc-vcral particulars herein before directed to be sworn to by him or them, (excepting what relates to the sale of the said sugars or candy) according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the arrival of any fiiip or vessel from any of the British plantations in America or the West Indies . with sugars or paneles on board into the port of her discharge in this kingdom the matter or other person taking charge of the ship or\cfl*el; shall, at the time he makes his report of his cargo, deliver such certificate, as is usually given or required to he given by the matter of such fiiip loading in.and to fail from any of said

colonies

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of' George III.

6Sl

colonies to Great Britain to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, and A.D. make oath before him, that the goods so reported are the fame, that are mentioned I Jjty-So. in the said certificate, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and that all sugars Chap. 35* and paneles imported without such certificate shall be considered, deemed, and Liken to be foreign sugar and paneles, not of the growth, product, or manufacture of the British colonies, or Great Britain, and shall pay duty accordingly.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all clayed sugar shall be deemed to be, and be taken and considereJ as, Muscovado sugar within the meaning of this act, and shall pay duty and receive drawback as such.

X. Provided always, That if any sugar or paneles shall be imported into this kingdom from any Britishi colony or plantation in America or Great Britain without being included in such certificate, as is herein before directed, and that it shall appear to the.satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, that the said sugars or paneles are really and truly the produce, growth, or manufacture of such Uritish plantation or colony of Great Britain, and that no fraud was intended, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to permit the said sugars or pauses to be entered upon payment of the like duties, ns such goods would be liable to, if they were attended with and included in the certificate herein before

mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an additional duty shall be raised, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, on all paneles of the growth or product of the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's subjects, after the rate of twenty four pounds and eight pence one farthing for every fifty hundred weight thereof, each hundred containing one hundre^and twelve futtle pounds; and if the fame be imported by any merchant stran^Cr, then after the rate of twenty three pounds one shilling and (even pence halfpenny for the like quantity, ami so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said several duties and additional duties shall be paid net without any allowance ordifeount for prompt payment; and that no paneles, except of the growth or produce of the Entifli sugar colonics, shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid* 8 B 2. XU1. And

&5 a The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and 1779-80. singular the said duties, rates, and impositions, hereby granted, shall be taised, answered, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heire and successors, during the tern aforesaid, at the same time, in like manner, except as to bonding the fame, or any discount for prompt payment, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers, as are appointed, directed, and eiprefied, for the railing, answering, collecting, and paying of duties, in and by an a2 made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excifi or new impofi nprn his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the hook of rates therein insertei, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted agiin in the body of this present act j with like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now in being relating to the duties of excise, is provided.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fix pencepv . pound, and all other fees which ffinll or may be payable to the vice-treasurer ot vice-treasurers, paymaster or receiver general of this kingdom, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums which shall or may arise out of the aids herein before particularly mentioned, shall be received by the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or paymaster general, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as a further additional aid hereby given and granted for the further support of his Majesty's government.

t

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 6 53

A.D.

CHAP. XXXVI. 1779-80.

I

An act for regulating the curing and preparing provifms, and for preventing combinations among the several tradesmen and other personss employed in making up such provifms; and for regulating the butter trade in the city ^"Dublin, and for other purposes there* in mentioned.

WHEREAS notwithstanding the laws now in force in this Unlawfully kingdom several unlawful combinations are kept up by fm°°;ng and amongst the workmen and other persons employed in and about the slaughtering, curing, and coopering provisions in the county of the city of Dublin, the liberties thereunto adjoining, city. toW-and county of Dublin, by means whereof merchants and other any raWoiix persons, who have taken publick contracts for the supplying P"« his Majesty's forces by lea and land, as well as other persons en- regulate any gaged in the said trade, have often found it impracticable to ful-iil the terms of the said contracts, or to carry on their respective pi»y«i. trades and occupations, to the great detriment of the landed and commercial interests of this kingdom: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with (he advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the tenth day of August in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty if any person or persons not lawfully authorized shall summon, or cause to be summoned by writing or otherwise any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, or any other person or persons usually employed in any branch of the said provision trade carried on within the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto adjoining, or county of Dublin, to appear at any meeting or aiiembly in order to consult upon or enter into any rule, agreement, association, or combination to ascertain or fix die price of labour or workmanship, or to make any rule, order, or regulation in any wise respecting any branch of the provision trade, or the person or persons employed, or to or be employed therein, or shall administer or cause to be adminif- «r oaihw tered any oath or declaration to any such butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, tending to fix the price or wages of labour or workmanship, or to fix upon or make any rule, order, agreement, or regulation whatsoever respecting any branch of such trade or the person or persons employed therein, or shall illiie or cause to be issued, deliver or Vol. XI. 8 C cause

6 54 nineteenth end twentieth yean of George III.

A.D.

cause to be delivered, any menace, message, ticket, certificate, or 1779-80, token, other than and except such ticket or certificate as shall or Chap. 36. may be delivered by or by the order of the corporation, whereof such butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice, or labour-STS’rStw er> h*s hemS l'cen^e<^to act or work at his or their relpec-(except ticket tive trade or trades, or shall make or join in making any rule, otder'aFduT orderi or agreement or regulation, relating to the prices or corporation) wages of labour or workmanship, or in any mafeing such to any part or branch of the said provision trade, or shall deliver "ordeU«r 01 cau^e to he delivered to any person whatsoever any menace, menace, mef- message, ticket, token, printed advertisement, or writing, containing any rules, regulations, or agreements, or rule, regulation, any such, or agreement entered into or to be entered into by any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice or labourer, touching or concerning any branch of the said trade, or shall by force, or attempt menaces, or otherwise hinder or attempt to hinder any such workingat kller, buyer, butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, appren-prk.es afccr- tice, or labourer from acting or working at his or theit fin* paitfcu- respective trade or trades, occupation or occupations, at such houn°rk or P"ce or prices as shall be ascertained in such manner, as is herein after set forth, with his or their respective employers or mailers, or at such particular work, and to and for such hours in the day as are herein after mentioned for people employed in that trade to work, as such employers or matters shall direct in their respective trades or occupations, (upon information thereof on 1°r m"" ^ven to t^e *ort^ mayor> or any one alderman or magistrate

may on oath for the said city, county of the said city, or liberties thereunto io'appSd, adjoining, or county of Dublin, within their respective jurisdictions) it shall and may be lawful for the said lord mayor, or such one alderman or magistrate respectively, within his jurisdiction toiffue his warrant under his hand and seal to apprehend the person or persons, charged with all or any of the aforesaid offen-on convic. ces; and every such person being thereof convicted in a fumraary Mom"]"? way before the said lord mayor and any alderman of the county mayor and of the said city, or before any two justices of the peace for the or before 2 ‘ said county of Dublin, within their respective jurisdiction, (upon c"muy,f7i?' £he oa£h of one or more credible witness, which they are hereby pnfoned not empowered and required to administer) or by the confessiori of months, the person charged with such offence, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor and alderman, or for such two justices of the peace respectively within their jurisdiction, by warrant under their hands and seals to commit the person or persons

particular relating

Tl)i nineteenth and twentieth years of Georgie III.

65$

persons so convicted to goal, there to be kept without bail or A.D. mainprize for any time not exceeding two months. 1779-801

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and Chap. 36,

every such person or persons, as shall be confined as aforesaid,

shall, before he or they shall be discharged from such confine- discharge,

r 10l. rwog-

ment, enter into and be bound in a recognizance m a lum not for

exceeding ten pounds before the said lord mayor or anyone alder-

man or magistrate of the county of the said city or county of tumour«

Dublin, before whom such person or persons shall have been ear‘

convicted within his respective jurisdiction, for his or their being

of the peace and good behaviour to all his Majesty's subjects

for any term not exceeding one year.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Taking if any such butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer as aforesaid shall take an oath or enter into any combi- to fix wage, nation or agreement to ascertain or fix the price of wages, or of gUht"the" labour or workmanship, or to make any rule, order, agreement, mit>

or regulation concerning their respective trades, occupations, or bufmcfs, or take any oath or enter into any combination or agreement under any pretence or pretences whatsoever not to or under work for any particular merchant or merchants, mailer or maf- any pretence ters, employer or employers, in any branch of the said provision trade, upon information thereof upon oath to the said lord employer in mayor, or any one alderman of the said city, county of the said trade, city, or any justice of the peace of the county of Dublin within their respective jurisdictions, it shall and may be lawful to and on,^c for the said lord mayor, or such one alderman or magistrate re- summari)y spectively within his jurisdiction to issue his warrant under his hand and seal to apprehend the person or persons so charged with numthi, all or any of the aforesaid offences; and every such person or persons being thereof convicted in a furomary way before the said lord mayor, and any one alderman of the county of the said city, or any two magistrates of the said county of Dublin, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath the said lord mayor and alderman or magistrates respectively within their jurisiliction are hereby empowered and required to administer, or by the confession of the person charged with such offence, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor and alderman and for the said two magistrates respectively within their jurisdiction by warrant under their hands and seals to commit the person or persons so convicted to goal, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding two months, and every such person or persons shall, before he or

they

6 5^ The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

they shall be discharged from such confinement, enter into and be 1779,8°. bound in a recognizance in a sum not exceeding ten pounds Chap. 36. before the said lord mayor or any one alderman or magistrate respectively, before whom such person or persons shall have been recognizance convicted within his jurisdiction, for his or their being of the UhSrnrt peace and good behaviour to all his Majesty's subjects for any yean!3 term not exceeding three years.

Refuting

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any durfngen- such butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer being en-absenting or SaSe(^ with any merchant, master, or employer in any branch of during usual the said provision trade, shall after such engagement, and during hours,"not the time for which he shall be so engaged refuse to work, or shall

coming^daiiy absent himself from the service of the person by whom he shall SiaJy) be so employed as aforesaid, during the accustomed hours of to- working at such trade or occupation as he shall be accustomed foiuble cjufe, to be employed at, or if hired by the week, month, or year, shall neglect to come to work each and ev.ery day (Sundays excepted) during the said term on any account or pretext whatsoever, unless prevented by sickness or some other, reasonable cause, or shall hindering hinder or prevent or cause to be hindered or prevented or mo-othert as so- lested any person or persons from working at any business or occupation on account of the said persons being foreigners or strangers, as herein after mentioned, or shall not work on being refilling to re(lu'red *n or at any particular branch of the said provision work in usual trade, he shall be so engaged for, and in an usual and reasonable able manner, manner> every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in a summary way before the said lord mayor and any one alderman of the county of the said city, or any on like tw0 magistrates of the said county of Dublin respectively within conviction their jurisdiction, upon the oath of any one or more credible imprisoned witness or witnesses (which oath such lord mayor and alderman month0" or magistrate within their respective jurisdictions are hereby authorized and required to administer) or by the confession of the person charged with such refusal, without sufficient cause upon oath, to the satisfaction of such lord mayor and alderman or cause of magistrate for such refusal, it shall be lawful for such lord mayor Hath?1 on and alderman or magistrate within their respective jurisdictions by warrant under their hands and seals to commit the person or persons so convicted to goal, there to be kept without bail or 51 rceog- mainprize for any time not exceeding one month; and that all nizance for and every such person or persons shall, before he or they shall be wiom discharged from such confinement, enter into and be bound in a year. recognizanc in a sum not exceeding five pounds before the said 3 lord

she nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 65 j

lord mayor or any alderman or magistrate of the county of the a. D. laid city, or county of Dublin, before whom such person or per- 1779-80.' fons shall have been convicted, with or without sureties, for such Chap. 361 persons being of the peace and good behaviour to all his Ma- ' ’

jesty’s subjects for any term not exceeding one year.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall seduce of inveigle, or attempt to seduce or inveigle, any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman* of labourer mem and usually employed in the said provisiori trade, being actually engaged in the service or employment of any other person dealing in the said provision trade, from such his employment and service; or if any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer, being actually engaged in the service or employment of any other person dealing in the said provision trade, shall* before he or fimflied, «n-they shall have finished his or their engagement, engage with any Mother"1' other person in the said provisiori trade, every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted in a summary way before onlikccon-the said lord mayor and any one alderman of the county of the madly forfeit laid city, or any two magistrates of the said county of Dublin, ,o1-upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses (which oath the said lord mayor and alderman, of magistrates respectively within their jurisdictions are hereby authorized and required to administer) or by the confession of the person charged with all or any of the said offences, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, one half to the governors of the house of industry within the said city for the use of the said house, and the other half to the duary, person or persons nuking such complaint; and it shall be lawful half to for liicli lord rilayor arid alderman or magistrates respectively C0l"^a,nan* within their jurisdictions to commit the person or persons so con- fonafj 1taipri" rifted to goal, and there to detain his or their body or bodies in raid-execution, until the said sum of ten pounds shall be fully paid to the persons and for the ules herein before mentioned.

VI. And whereas the yearly ascertaining of the wages to be paid to the several butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers in the county of the said city and the county of Dub- at

1 MtJfummtr

lin will in a great measure tend to prevent unlawful combinati- general quar. ons among such butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and tcr fcffioB!l' labourers, employed in the said provision trade: therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the court of general quarter sessions of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, and for the county of Dublin, within their respective jurisdictions, the recorder, deputy recorder, or such other magistrate as usually presides thereat re-Vol. XI. 8 D spectively.

658 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

spectively, being present, yearly at every Midsummer sessions fd 1779-80. ascertain, what wages or sum of money every butcher, cooper, Chap. 36. {alter, journeymans or labourer shall take and be paid by the day, which is always to be deemed and considered to consist of twelve hours, or by the certain denomination, piece, or parcel of work or job, either with or without meat and drink, during the year no more following; and all the said butchers, coopers, falters, journey, taken, men, and labourers shall take and receive such wages and sums cd,° / of money, and no more, on pain of forfeiting any sum of money or thing, they shall take over and above, one half of the sum so forfeited to he paid to the governors of the house of in-induftiy*aiidf duftry in the said city of Dublin for the use of the said house of prosecutor, mduftry, and the other half to the prosecutor, and of being imprisoned, at the discretion of the said court of general quarter sessions of the peace, for any time not exceeding two months, upon conviction of the offender in a summary way at the said fi°y"onoath court of general quarter sessions of the peace, or at any ad-orconfeffidn. journment thereof, by the oath of one or morewitness orwit-nesses, which oath the said court is hereby authorized and required to administer, or by the confession of the offender.

Wages not

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-ascertained said, that the said court of general quarter sessions of the peace arerageprtcei shall not ascertain the wages of such butchers, coopers, falters, for T" journeymen, and labourers, at a lower rate or sum than the accustomed average prices usually paid in the said city of Dublin, and county of the said city, or liberties thereunto adjoining, or county of Dublin, to such butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers respectively for the three years next before the ascertaining of the said wages.

VIII. Provided that no justice of the peace, dealing in any deaiinfin1" branch of the said provision trade, shall act or fit on the bench mdf'ftaii at *he times> when the wages shall be ascertained as aforesaid, aft or fit at upon pain of forfeiting the sum of one hundred pounds to his ^penalty Majesty, for every time, he shall so aft or fit.

I00'-

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall

to summon" and may be lawful for the said court of general quarter sessions onoath "e to summon and examine upon oath all such persons, as the parties interested produce to be examined, in order to enable such court from time to time to ascertain such wages and price of labour.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every wineof'«a- such butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, and labourer, from gea with held, whom such wages or sums of money shall be withheld, shall be recovered) v '

entitled

fbe nineteenth and twentieth year's o/ George IIIv 6 5

intVtled to recover double the value thereof, to be recovered (not A.D. exceeding forty shillings) in a summary way in the court of 1779-80. coni'cience in the said city upon the oath or oaths of one or Chap. 36. more witness or witness’es, and, if above forty shillings by civil bill at the next court, to be held for the county of the said city °ff or county of Dublin for the trial of civil bills, from the person or persons who employed them or any of them. buV,y;r'above.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Orderof

the order of the quarter sessions, certified by the town clerk of the fcffioitscerti-city of Dublin or clerk of the crown for the said county, shall be Ti,c’eISence conclusive evidence of the said several rates and wages. uf tIie

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that injuring in case any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman or labourer shall wilfully damage, waste, purloin, or otherwise injure or de- double value stroy the goods, materials, substance, or property of, any mer- f0 ’ chant, matter, or employer, by whom he shall be employed; such butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer, being

thereof convicted in a summary way, before the lord mayor and

any one alderman of the county of the said city, or any two

magiftvates of the said county of Dublin respectively within their respective jurisdictions, upon the oath of one or more credible wit-

nel’s or witnesses, or by the confetfion of the person charged with all

or any of the offences aforesaid, thall forfeit and pay double the

value of the goods so damaged, wasted, purloined, or otherwise

injured or destroyed, the same to be recovered in manner herein

before mentioned and in case of inability of payment in such if unable to

butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer, it shall and ^do"

may be lawful for the said lord mayor and alderman or magistrates respectively within their jurisdictions by warrant under their hands and seals to commit such butcher, cooper, falter,

journeyman, or labourer to goal, there to be kept without bail or

mainprize for any term not exceeding three months at the dif-

crction of such lord mayor, alderman, or magistrates retpec-

tively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ifjriot-that in cale any persons to the number of seven or more thall u" MdTy liotously alienable, and thall by force enter, or attempt to enter, force enter, the dwelling house, warehouse, (hop, cellar, yard, loft, linney, the house/ or building of any inhabitant of the county of the said city or 5unf of'&id county of Dublin without the consent of the potfelfor thereof, Cl.,y and without lawful authority for so doing; or thall by force consent and enter or attempt to enter any thip, lighter, boat, bark, or or vessel lying at any of the quays of the said city, or at any other

66o The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

a. D.

1779-80. Chap. 36.

iyvv

or to lye in wait to destroy empty calks or vessel) on conviction summa* rily imprisoned not tindery, nor] above 6 months.

and recog* nizauce not above 20l. for peace and behaviour not above 3 years.

To bunt or destroy empty cafto, or with provisions or goods on the roads, or brought to Dublin or the county,

or attempt to hinder bringing,

place or places in any of the rivers, or within any of the harbours of the said city or county of Dublin, without lawful authority for so doing, or shall a (Terrible in a tumultuous manner for the purpose of lying in wait to destroy and burn any empty calks or other vessels, being thereof convicted in a luminary way by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses before the said loird mayor and any one alderman of the said city, or any two magistrates for the said county of Dublin (which oath the said lord mayor and alderman or magistrates respectively within their jurisdiction are empowered and required to administer) ot by the confession of the party, every person offending herein shall suffer imprisonment, not left than three months nor exceeding six months, without bail or mainprize j and every such person or persons shall, before he or they shall be discharged from such confinement, enter into and be bound in a recognizance in a sum not exceeding twenty pounds before the said lord mayor, or any one alderman of the county of the said city, or any justice of the peace for the county of Dublin, before whom such person or persons shall be convicted, for his or their being of the peace and good behaviour to all his Majesty's subjects for any term not exceeding three years.

XIV. And whereas it hath also been a practice among the butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers in the county of the said city and county of Dublin to threaten and actually to injure the persons and properties of butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers in the said provision trade, coming from other parts of this kingdom into the said city and county in order to seek employment in their respective callings, with an intent to prevent and deter such butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers, so coming from other parts of this kingdom, from settling in the county of the said city of Dublin and county of Dublin, and from soliciting or procuring employment therein, all which said practices are highly destruc-tice of industry and commerce: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall destroy or burn any empty calks or vessels, or any calks or vessels containing provisions or ether goods, upon any of the roads leading to, or that shall or may be brought or imported into, the county of the said city of Dublin or into the county of Dublin from any other parts of this kingdom either by land or water carriage, or shall attempt by menaces or otherwise to hinder or prevent any person or persons from importing or bringing empty calks into the county of the said city, or county

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 66 x

6f Dublin from any other part of the said kingdom, or shall re- A.D. fufetoopen, head, cooper, or full bind in a workmanlike man- 1779-80. ner the fame, or shall cause or procure to be destroyed or Chap. 36; burned any empty calks or vessels, or calks or vessels containing or refuse to provisions or other goods as aforesaid, or Utah threaten or injure either in person or property any butcher, cooper, falter, jour- Wmi.

in , r 1 r or cause to

neyman or labourer, who shall come from any other parts of i,e burned or this kingdom to work or solicit work in their or any of their ^Xeated respective callings, or shall refuse to work with any foreigner, or injure in country butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, upon information thereof upon oath given to the lord mayor, or any one alderman of the said city or county, or any for wort, justice of the peace for the said county of Dublin, it shall and tu

may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor, or any one alder- »"> foreigner, man or magistrate of the county of the said city, or county of mation on Dublin respectively, within his jurisdiction to issue his warrant under his hand and seal to apprehend the person or persons summmie, charged with all or any of the aforesaid offences; and every such |, T Sw* person being thereof convicted in a summary way before such 6 lord mayor, and any one alderman, or any two magistrates for the said county of Dublin, by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, which oath said lord mayor and alderman or magistrates respectively within their jurisdiction are authorized to administer, by warrant under his hand and leal to commit the perfori or persons so convicted to gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainptize for any term not less than three months nor exceeding six months; and every such person or persons shall,

Wore he or they shall be discharged from such confinement, enter into and be bound in a recognizance not exceeding twenty recosnraiwc pounds before the said lord mayor, or any one alderman or ma-fjr n,i gistrate of the county of the said city or county of Dublin, before whom such person or persons shall have been convicted, for his or their being of the peace and good behaviour to all his Majesty's subjects fur any term not exceeding three years.

XV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall binder or be deemed or taken to hinder persons, so injured in their persons or property as aforesaid, to bring such action or actions at law as they shall be adviled, is or ace proper for the recovery of the value of such property so destroyed as aforesaid.

XVI. And whereas it has been a common practice among the butchers of the county of the said city dud cou.nry of Dublin,

above 3 years.

Not to Irn-4vr lev recovery ol value so tic* rtrojed.

662 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

when they engage with a merchant or merchants, to furnish such 1779-80. merchant or merchants with beeves and hogs of a certain weight Chap. 36. each, not to bleed the said beef or beeves, lvog or hogs, but to leave the blood in the fame in order to encrease the weight of the carcase or carcases of such beef or beeves, hog or hogs, which has been found most injurious to the curing and preserving of the flesh of such beeef ot beeves, hog or hogs, and will in the end hojs'Tntto deftr°y branch of the said provision trade: for remedy merchant not whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any bloodel, for- butcher or butchers shall send to any merchant or merchants in feaed, the county of the said city or county of Dublin any beef or beeves, hog or hogs, which shall not be properly blooded, upon conviction thereof in a summary way before the lord mayor and any one alderman of the county of the said city of Dublin, or before two justices of the peace for the county of Dublin, that the said beef or beeves, hog or hogs, are ill or not sufficiently blooded, or upon the confession of the butcher or butchers so charged with for house such offence, such butcher or butchers shall forfeit such beef or of industry. beeves> jj0g or }10gSj to the governor of the house of industry for the use of the said house of industry.

Appeal to

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, next general that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, r.u",‘‘.r who shall or may think himself or themselves aggrieved or injured by the sentence or conviction of the said lord mayor and any one alderman for the county of the said city, or any two magistrates for the said county of Dublin, in any of the cases aforesaid, to appeal therefrom to the next court of general quarter sessions for the county of the said city or county of Dublin respectively; by which court the matter of the said appeal shall be determined, and in the mean time the sentence or judgment of such lord mayor and alderman and magistrates shall be suspended.

Onsecurity

XVIII. Provided always, that such person or persons soap-for appear- pealing to the said quarter sessions shall enter into sufficient security for their appearance to abide the determination of the said court of quarter sessions, and not otherwise.

XIX. Whereas divers profligate and ill disposed journeymen butchers, penny boys, and other persons have of late forcibly taken bulls from the owners or drivers thereof for the malicious purpose of beating or otherwise destroying them j and the laws now in force to prevent such wanton, wilful, and malicious purposes are found ineffectual to deter from the aforesaid barbarous practices: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if

any

The nineteenlb and twentieth years of George III. 663

any butcher, journeyman butcher, penny boy, or other person A.D. or persons shall forcibly, wilfully, wantonly, or maliciously take 1779-80. any bull or bulls either in or coming to the said market of Chap. 36. Smithfield or any other place in the said city, or in any of the roads, avenues, or lanes leading thereto within the county of flo" ?'v"?r

- 0 . - onverm

the said city, from any owner, driver, or any other person or Dublin m persons having such bull under his or their care or protection, "j," a,:d_ such butcher, journeyman butcher, benny boy, or other person ers and abet-or persons, their aiders and abettors, knowing of and privy to mined three the fame, shall on being convicted thereof before the lord mont1"-mayor or any other magistrate by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, such person so convicted shall be committed to the house of correction and kept to hard labour there for the space of three months.

XX. And whereas the present mode of conducting the butter business in the said city and county of the said city of Dublin, liberties thereunto adjoining, and of bringing butter for exportation into the fame, is found to be extremely prejudicial t > the butter trade of this kingdom in general, and of the said city in particular: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of May one From ift thousand seven hundred and eighty one the lord mayor of the M7 ’781

o J J lord mayor

said city of Dublin for the time being shall together with any five with 5 ex-or more of the trustees of the royal exchange of the said city of *Xan!Ip-Dublin appoint annually for each butter crane in the said city, county of the said city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoin- each butter ing, one or more honest and skilful person or persons as taller of all butter, that shall come to be weighed in such crane 5 and that each of the said tafters, before he acts in the said office, shall be sworn before the said lord mayor fairly, justly, and im- fn.orn> partially to taste all such butter, as shall be brought to the crane, to which lie shall be appointed as aforesaid, and according to the bell of his judgment without favour or affetHon to any party or parties; which oath the said lord mayor is hereby impowered and required to administer; and shall mark in legible characters upon to t on the bilge of every calk the initial letters of his the said taller or ti« Mec i»i-tallers name or names together with the quality with a hot with"'’ iron or stamp, according as the same shall be of first, second, <i»al«>'-third, or inferior quality.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any if buyer 0.-taster of butter appointed as aforesaid shall brand or stamp as fc,n,cr a.S6ric'r'

t r eu by mipro-

said first quality, second quality, third quality, or inferior qua- per mark or lity, any calk or calks containing butter, which shall upon in-

Ipection eJ b>-

the trade.

if so appearing, on complaint to a magistrate, and merchant’s oath, find zos. i ft. offence, 40s. id, to house of iaduftry.

aft;

664 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

spection be found to differ in quality from the brand thereon 1779"®0, placed, or shall starnp or brand any calk containing butter not Chap. 36. answerable in size and make to the several description of calks herein after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties, who may think themselves aggrieved by such improper mark or starnp (whether the feller or buyer thereof) to cause each and every calk thereof to be Purveyed and inspected by two or more merchants conversant in the butter trade; and if it shall appear, that the said merchant so called upon to inspect the Paid butter, that the calks containing the fame is or are improperly branded or marked, and not answerable to the description of the quality thereof, upon complaint thereof being made before the lord mayor, or any one magistrate for the said city, county of the said city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoining, verified upon oath of the merchant who tailed and examined the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the said lord mayor or magistrate to fine the said butter taller offending therein the sum of twenty shillings for the first offence, forty shillings for the second offence, to be applied to the use and for the benefit of the house of in-3d disabled to duftry, and for the third offence the said butter taller so offending is hereby rendered unqualified to act as butter taller in the said city, county of the said city, or liberties thereunto adjoining for ever; and it shall and may be lawful for the said amHWcx lord mayor, and any four or more of the trustees of the royal te« (lwdf* exchanSe m &id City> lord mayor always to be one, from mayor one) time to time to ascertain the fees to be paid to the said butter fas fa tan-" tallers for tailing such butter in the said city of Dublin, county ing, and by of the said city, and liberties thereunto adjoining, between the feller and buyer of such butter, and by whom the said fees are to be paid, whether by the feller or by the buyer, or equally between both; and that no other fees shall be paid or received for tailing the said butter in the said city of Dublin, county of the city or liberties thereunto adjoining, between feller and buyer, but those to be ascertained by the lord mayor, and any

four or more of the trustees of the royal exchange as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said first day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty one no butter shall be brought fck OMa into the said city, county of the said city, or liberties thereunto favc in'calks adjoining, for lale in any other or different calks or vessels

or afil^not'k than the two denominations of calks herein after mentioned,

under 7 gal- that is to say, in tight calks or vessels, made of white oak or alh,

which

vrtiom paid,

no other paid or received.

From lit May 1781 no butter brought for

Ions and half

7‘he nineteenth and twentieth years of George CL && 5

which shall not measure less than seven gallons and an half, nor A.D. more than eight gallons and an half, Winchester measure, each '779~8o. full bound with wooden hoops properly twigged, and in calks or vessels made of afh (or of any such timber as has been heretofore nor above 8 made use of for packing butter into for sale for the Dublin "yJtyfcr, market) and which last mentioned calks or vessels shall not ["!g"jpcd measure less than fifteen gallons or more than sixteen gallons ami of afh Winchester measure each. heretofore33

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority not u"der

J J ij gallons, or

aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the said lord mayor above 16 and trustees to appoint such mark to denote first quality, second ‘‘itfmyot quality, third quality, and to make such regulations rejecting Jlld trull"s the mode of hooping such calks of butter, as shall to them seem marks of the expedient.__ ft"4

XXIV". And in order to carry this act more effectually into execution be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any branding’or taller of butter so appointed as aforesaid shall brand or stamp any butter in other calks or vessels, than are herein before men- pended not tioned, that it shall and may be lawful for the said lord mayor ,2 or and any five or more trustees of the royal exchange, upon commonth>» plaint made to him or them verified by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to suspend the said taller offending therein from his laid office for any term not less than fix nor exceeding twelve months, and to dismiss him from his said office fcn°c" for ever upon being convicted as aforesaid of a second offence in <4 the said office.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Nottopre. aforesaid, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be *‘£sOVfo)*r deemed, construed, or taken to extend to prevent persons from amfarapuM packing up and bringing to the said city, county of the said city, biuotT

or liberties thereunto adjoining, butter in bowls, coolers, or crocks for the consumption of the inhabitants of the said city, county of the said city, or liberties thereunto adjoining-

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no taller or tafters, so to be appointed as afore- changed said, shall remain or continue at the fame crane longer than one w"kly' week at any one time, but shall be regularly removed or changed

every Monday morning to some other crane; so that such taller or tafters shall go to each crane in the said city, county of the said city of Dublin, and liberties thereunto adjoining.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall erase, counterfeit, or forge

injured.

On appoint' racnt or removal the name published in gazette.

Revenue officers may examine on quays and

666 Hie nineteenth and twentiethyears of George III. A.D. any brand or brands, stamp' or stamps, to be put, stamped, or 1779-80. branded upon any calk or calks of butter as aforesaid by any Chap. 36. taster or tafters so to be appointed as aforesaid,'that such person or persons so erasing, counterfeiting, or forging such mark, Wing brand brand, or stamp as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds calks, for each and every such mark, brand, or stamp, as he or they tub"^ 5°' shall f° erase, forge, or counterfeit, to the person or persons in-toperson jured thereby, to be recovered and recoverable in any of his Majesty's courts of law in this kingdom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that upon the appointment or removal of.any of the said butter tafters the name of such person, so appointed or removed, shall be published in the next Dublin Gazette with the cause of such person or persons removal from the said office.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the several officers of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom to inspect and examine upon

wharfs butter the several quays and wharfs in the said city, county of the said export, or city of Dublin, and liberties thereunto adjoining, all such butter, as shall be offered for exportation by any merchant or merchants, if found in 0l' other person or persons exporting butter j and if they or any other calks, of them shall find or discover any butter offered for exportation lodged l! the iu any other or different calks than the calks herein before de-king’s stores, feribed and specified, that it shall and may be lawful to and for

till condemif- r . J

cd or released such officer or officers to seize and lodge the fame in any of Jus oners,mm'* Majesty's (lores within the said city or county of the said city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoining, there to be kept and detained till the same shall be condemned as a seizure or released according to the determination of the chief commissioners of his if condemn- Majesty's revenue in Ireland; and if any such butter shall be as run goods con^emne^> the same to be disposed of in the manner, as in cases of run or smuggled goods is usual.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall-in all courts and places be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, and courts whatsoever, without specially pleading the same; and for°diitrCrsVin t'iat any replevin shall be brought for any distress taken purer suit for any suant to this act, and if any person or persons shall be sued for fuance'oftids any thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this act, the de-issue ptSkd ^cn^ant or defendants in such replevin, and such person or persons and special ’ as shall be sued, may plead the general issue, and give this act a°d the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their suit or 5 actions

A publick act,

The nineteenth mid twentieth years of George III. 66 J

action, or be nonsuited, or if judgment shall be given against A.D. him, her, or them on verdict or demurrer, the defendant or de- 1779-80. fendants (hallrecover double costs offuit. ^dtab!c

cods to de* feodantt on

CHAP. XXXVII. nonsuit, Jcc.

An act to prevent the detestable practices of boughing cattle, burning rfhouses, barns, haggards, and corn, and for other purposes.

WHEREAS the detestable practices of killing, houghing, Maiming cutting, and maiming of c.attle, and maliciously burning of houses, barns, haggards, buildings, corn, and other articles of ho"r's

rf , 6 ’ . articles of

husbandry, have or late much prevailed in various parts of this lmikandry rf kingdom to the great discouragement of industry, and the manifest injury of the state; and forasmuch as some doubt hath parts, been conceived with respect to the construction of an act passed in this kingdom in the seventh year of the reign of King William the third, entitled. An act for the better suppressing tones, robbers, doubt* on and rapparees, and fir preventing robberies, burglaries, and other \u‘' c‘ heinous crimes-, and also with respect t the construction of an act passed in this kingdom in the ninth year of the reign of King William the third, entitled, An act to supply the defids and for sc^ini.j. the better execution of an act passed in this present session of parliament, *9- entitled, an act for the better suppressing lories and rapparees, and for preventing robberies, burglaries, and other heinous crime.: for le-medy whereof, and in order to clear up any doubt that may be entertained, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and a^/so, by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of August in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty the ronyand inhabitants of every barony or county, or in cases of uncertainty jfX. place as to the place the inhabitants of both contiguous baronies or counties, shall make full satisfaction for all malicious burning liguous, Hull of houses, bams, haggards, corn, or other articles or effects by any person or persons whatsoever to the party or panics injured, burning by on the terms and conditions specified in the said act of the seventh year of king William the third; and also in the said act made in|^ the ninth year of the reign of king William the third herein be- prutdbms, fore set forth, the same to be paid indiscriminatcly by protef-tints, papists, and all the inhabitants of such county and barony in Pr0*

1 *. , ,. portion to

in proportion to their respective properties, the said statutes or the r,penic>, seventh or ninth years of king William the third or any other ^nl},"lr"ta" law or statnte to the contrary notwithstanding. »' twiiWUnti-

II. And1"6'

668 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

Where da* mages exceed not icoi. fa-tisfactiun by the barony, or by contiguous baronies on uncertainty

wlieie above tool, by the county only; or by contiguous counties on uncertainty*

on flotice and exami nations as in said acts in 6 days after injury, damages recovered with the differences herein before.

On tra-

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that where the damages shall not exceed one hundred pounds sterling, the inhabitants of the barony, or in cases of uncertainty of the contiguous baronies, wherein the said facts shall be committed, and not of the counties at large, shall make satisfaction for the same as aforesaid j but where the damages shall exceed such sum of one hundred pounds, then and in such case only the inhabitants of the county, or in cases of uncertain duration of the contiguous counties at large, shall make satisfaction for the same; the said statutes of the seventh or ninth years of king William the third, or any other law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every person so damnified may sue for and recover their damages under the said acts of the seventh and ninth years of the reign of king William the third (with the differences however herein before set forth) upon their or his or her giving such notice and making such examinations as in said acts are mentioned, at any time within dx days after such damage or injury done them in manner aforesaid, the said statutes of the seventh and ninth years of king William the the third, or any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tint

ifcntmeot'for *n ca^e any travei'fe of any preferment for damage under the damages the said acts of the seventh or ninth of king William the third, or aiwJcoiL, this act, being taken by any person, it shall and may be lawful j,ot"|Ce"1' to and for the judge, who shall try such traverse, to award by rule '"ind order, for that purpose costs to the party or parties, for whom such issue is e«cat!wi of f°un(f > against the other party or parties in such traverse respectively against goods in any sum not exceeding twelve pounds sterling; and the said judge a L ‘‘ is hereby impowered to award and direct to issue forthwith an order or orders in nature of execution against the goods and chattles by ftcrilfa* of such party or parties respectively; which said order or orders in ordinary the sheriff- of such county is hereby required to execute in the "t8, same manner, and under the like restitutions and penalties of executions in ordinary cases against the chattles and effects of defendants; any thing in the said statutes of the seventh or ninth years of king William the third or any other law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Conitabie V. And whereas the practice of stealing lambs hath from the warrant ofi difficulty of conviction much encreased: for remedy whereof be juiiiceor in- it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and maybe oaiTmiy ' lawful for any constable or other person by warrant under the searchfut- hand

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 669

hand and seal of any one justice of the peace, founded upon itl- A.D.

formation upon oath, to make search in all suspected houses and 1779-80

places within the jurisdiction of such justice for any lamb or

Iambs stolen or supposed to be stolen) and if such constable or for lambs

person shall find any lamb or lambs in the possession, house,'out-

house, field, or ground of any person suspected to be guilty of the stealing of the fame or receiving the fame being stolen, he person

shall bring such suspected person or persons before such justice of the peace; and if such suspected person or persons shall not justice,

make full and clear proof to the satisfaction of such justice, that fairly come"8

such Iamb or lambs were fairly and honestly bought, or other. *7

wife come by such person or persons, or given to him, her, or oath, (lull

them by the owner or proprietor thereof, in default thereof, and ^e4os!

being convicted of the fame upon the oath of any one ere-

dible witness before such justice, such respective person or per- i>y fodijuf.

fons being convicted as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay such sum tIW’

of money not exceeding forty shillings, as to such justice shall seem meet and reasonable, together with the charges previous to

and attending such conviction, to be ascertained by such justice

who shall convict the offender or offenders; and upon nonpay- on oonpajv

ment thereof such justice shall commit such offender or offenders

to the common goal or house of correction of such county by above 6

warrant under his hand and seal, there to remain without bail or monU"*

mainprize for any time not exceeding six months, or until the

laid penalty and charges to be ascertained as aforesaid shall be

paid; one moiety of such pecuniary penalty and the charges to P001,1

lie ascertained as aforesaid to be paid to the informer, and the

other moiety to the poor of the parish under the distribution of the (hid justice; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An act to prevent vexatious and frivolous arrests, and for other purposes.

WHEREAS in and by an act of parliament made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of king George the'first, entitled. An act for reviving and amending an act, iG.i. c. entitled, An act for recovery of small debts in a fttnimary way before the judges of assize, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall be lawful to and for the judges of assize in their circuits,

wd for such of his Majesty's judges or council learned in the kw who shall with the justices of the peace of the county of Voi. XI. 8 G Dublin,

6jo The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

Dublin hold the general quarter sessions of the peace for the said 1779-80. county, to determine in a summary way by English bill or paper Chap. 38. petition in English all diiputcs between party and party for any him not exceeding ten pounds in manner and on the terms in said act mentioned; and the said judges, council, and justices are also permitted by the said act to decree executions in such cases, or to difinils such cause with cods against the body or goods of the parties, against whom they shall give such decree or dismiss reflectively; which execution the sheriffs of the several counties in tins kingdom are by the said act required to execute under like penalties and forfeitures, and in like manner, as any execution issued out of any of the four courts in Dublin: and whereas the power of arrest and imprisonment under the said act,where the cause of action does not amount to five pounds, is found by experience to be oppressive to great numbers of his Majesty's subjects; for remedy whereof therefore be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after 178000^’ the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty TcttTfu no Person be arrested, imprisoned, or taken in execution where cause upon any decree, dismiss, or order of the said judges, council, or yh wap-"01 justices, or any of them under the said receited act, or by virtue of wards, any warrant or process thereon, where the cause of action shall not nor sheriff amount to five pounds or upwards; nor shall any sheriffin such execution.*1011 ca^e liable to any Penalty> forfeiture, or demand, by reason of the non execution thereof, againitgooda

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing undw'ftid >a herein contained shall be construed or taken in any fort to assess notaffcacd any process to be awarded or issued against the goods or effects hereby. of tjjC partfes respectively under the said act.

III. And whereas his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin and in several places elsewhere in this kingdom frequently issue or cause to be issued executions against the bodies of defendants, where the cause of action does not amount to five pounds; and also even many inferior courts and jurisdictions from time to time erected within certain cities, towns, villages, lordships, manors, and other liberties in this kingdom are entitled or claim to be entitled to hold plea and issue process and award execution for small foms, and also to arrest on mesne process, and imprison and take in execution the bodies of the parties in such cases respectively and whereas imprisonment in all such cases reflectively has occasioned great distress, and often prevents 3 the

The nineteenth and tvieritieih years of George III.

the prisoners from forking for support of themselves and families to the manifest disadvantage of the state: For remedy whereof therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty no person shall be taken by his body in execution by or upon any execution or other process issuing out of any court of record in this kingdom, where the cause of action shall not amount to the sum of five pounds or upwards} and also that no person whatsoever shall be arrested on mesne process, or held to special bail upon any process, or shall be taken by his body in execution upon any execution issuing out of any court of record in this kingdom issuing out of any inferior court or jurisdiction, the court of conscience of the city of Dublin, and the civil bill court of the city of Dublin, and all other civil bill courts whatsoever only excepted, where the cause of action shall not amount to the sum of five pounds or upwards 5 any law, statute, prescription, or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be confined to extend in any manner to bar or defeat the right of any person in such superior court of record or inferior court to proceed in the usual manner, heretofore pursued in such superior court of record or inferior court respectively, against the estates, goods, or effects of the parties respectively.

V. And forasmuch as persons served with process issuing out of inferior courts, where the debt is under five pounds, may in order to avoid execution remove their persons and effedfs beyond the limits of the jurisdiction of such courts: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that in all cases, where final judgment shall be obtained in any action or suit in any inferior court of record, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty'sfour courts at Dublin, upon affidavit made and filed therein of such judgment being obtained, and of diligent searchand enquiry having been made after the person or persons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their effects, and of execution having issued against the person or persons or effects, as the case may be, of the defendant or defendants, and that the person or persons or effects of the defendant or defendants are not to be found within the jurisdiction of such inferior court, which affidavit may be made before a judge or commissioner authorized to take affidavits, and such superior court to cause the record of the

No person taken in’execution on process out of court of record, where cause of action not yl.

norarreiled on mesne

process, or held to special hail or taken upon execution out of inferior Court or.jurisdiction, where the cause not 5l.

coutt of conscience and all civil bill courts excepted* Proceedings as usual a-gaittft estate am) effects not barred.

Where fi* hal judgment in inferior

Court of record* on affidavit in any of the courts* and of execution against defendants person or eHefts,

not to be found in (he jurisdiction after diligent search, the record removed into superior court, writs of ex* ccution thereon to fficri/T against person or effects as upon judgments in courts,

672 The nineteenth and twentieth yean of George IE

A.D.

the said judgment to be removed into such superior court, to 779-80. issue writs of execution thereupon to the sheriff of any-county, Chap. 38.^ city, liberty, or place, against the person or persons or effects sheriff on Of the defendant or defendants in the same manner as upon onfldNtaain judSmeilts obtained in the said four courts Dublin; and the defendant mV sheriff upon every such execution shall and he is hereby audio-him^oHevy rized to detain the defendant or defendants, until the sum of fiwpWntHft’ twenty killings be paid to him, or 1:0 levy the same out of extraordinary the effects according to the nature of the execution for the ex-the money'for ^ordinary costs of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the inferior court which cxecu- subsequent to the said judgment, and of the execution in the fa.

perior court, over and above the money for which such execution shall be issued.

No flay of

execution by error or super-fedeas to reverse judgment in inferior court of record, where damages under 5l. unless first recognizance with 2 sureties in double the sum to prosecute with effect, and, if affiimed, &c« pay the debt and all costs and damages*

Where not

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty no execution shall be flayed or delayed upon or by any writ of error or superjdm thereon, to be sued for the reverting of any judgment given or to be given in any inferior court of record, where the damages are under five pounds, unless such person or persons, in whose name or names such writ of error shall be brought, with two sufficient sureties, such as the court (wherein such judgment is or shall be given) shall allow of, shall first, before such flay made or supersedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the party, for whom any such judgment is or shall be given, by recognizance to.be acknowledged in the fame court in double the fam adjudged to be recovered by the said former judgment to pro-lecute the said writ of error with effect, and also to satisfy and pay (if the said judgment be affirmed or the said writ of error be nonpros’d) all and Angular the debt, damages, anil costs adjudged or to be adjudged, and all costs and damages to be awarded for the fame delaying of execution.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

5l. bo cause aforesaid, that no cause, where the cause of action shall not lets tike re- amount to the sum of five pounds or upwards, shall be removed fordcbtnnd or J'emovab!e into any superior court by any writ of habeas cir-coltj. pus or otherwise, unless the defendant, who shall be deftrous of removing such cause, shall enter into the like recognizance for payment of the debt and costs, in case judgment shall pals against him.

VIII. And whereas it frequently happens, that sheriffs and fub-sheriffs in this kingdom levy or receive sums of money from

defendants

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 673

defendants under process in their hands, and notwithstanding A.D. with-hold the fame on various pretexts for a considerable time from the plaintiffs: for remedy thereof be it enacted by the silerifiwiiall authority aforesaid, That any sheriffor fub-sheriff, who shall re-

' 4 cent, far mo-

ceire after the nrft day of September in the year one thousand ncy received seven hundred and eighty, any sum by colour of or in virtue wU&UU of his office for any plaintiff, and shall with-hold without reasonable cause of such neglect the lame for the space of one out cause, calendar month after request, shall be liable to pay and shall pay accordingly such plaintiff interest for such sum at the rate of ten pounds by the hundred, and also the treble costs out of and treble pocket of the application or applications to the Gourt whence puck1 uf the process issues.

CHAP. XXXIX.

As AS for explaining an Act made in the Eighth Fear of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery, so far only as the fame makes a Provision for the Maintenance of Popish Priejls converted to the Rrotejlant Religion,.

WHEREAS that part of the act made in the eighth year c-of her Majesty Queen Anne, making provision for timiedhj-jt the maintenance of popilli priests that had or should become converts to the protestant religion, which was continued by the ' act of the thirty first of his late Majesty George the second, pinup, and by another act made the eleventh and twelfth of his present Majesty, which will expire at the end of this sessions; and it being expedient not only to continue a provision for such converts, but to ascertain the power of levying such sums of money as may be necessary for that purpose, and likewise to prevent any difficulty in determining what persons shall be entitled to such maintenance: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, every popish priest, who hath heretofore conformed to the protestant religion, or who shall become conforming, Vol. XI. 8 H protestants "

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

protestants during the continuance of this act, and shall be approved of as a convert, and shall be received into the church by ^hap. 39. jjg archbishop or bishop of the diocese, wherein he resided and received in- officiated as a popish pried, and who shall conform himself to t0itking the’ the church of Ireland as by law established, and who shall have oatiis. & fab- taken the oaths and subscribed the declarations in such manner,

fcribtng the

declarations* as the conformable clergy are obliged to do, at any quarter leflU ST*"* ons’ have as maintenance forty pounds yearly, to be paid iliail Save to them by the treasurer of the county, wherein he officiated when

40l. yearly 1_'

maintenance, a popish pried, by two equal payments on every twenty fifth day cnumyirrafn- of March and twenty ninth day of September during his rcfi-rcr where o(5- (]ence in such county, until he shall be provided for by some On 25th ecclesiastical benefice or licenced curacy of the fame or greater agthJr/)!dur- vahie, subject nevertheless to suspension or deprivation by the ing residence. archbishop or bishop of the diocese, wherein he shall dwell and

till provided 1

bybcnefictor rende, in like manner as the inferior clergy are subject to; and fameor^eat- provided, that every such popish priest so converted shall, and Cr fr'a to 's hereby required, under the penalty of forfeiting his allow-suspension or ance publickly to read once a week the common prayers or iitur-

deprivation, to read weekly the prayers and liturgy , and preach in Englisht or forfeit allowance.

gy of the church of Ireland as by law established, and to preach in the English tongue in such places and at such times, as the archbishop or bishop of the diocese shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the forty pounds for the maintenance of such conforming priest shall yearly fcui +oUe- be levied off the inhabitants of the county or county of the city or inltteants^ county of the town, where such conforming priest did reside, and where such was appointed to officiate as a popish priest, before he conform-

prrell rclided f

ami officiated ed, in like manner as money is levied, that is charged by grand formiiy! as" juries upon the said counties or counties of cities or towns, and rraud jury be paid him or them by equal parts 5 and it shall be lawful

paid i>y e- for the grand juries at the several spring and summer affixes in ^prehaired at the several counties, and the grand juries for the county of Dub-sprinp and j;n an(j the county of the city of Dublin at the several Ealler

lummeram- i

2cs, and Michaelmas terms, to present the Aim of twenty pounds as DMilcom- the half yearly maintenance or the sum of forty pounds as the

ty ami city at yearly maintenance of such converted priests; and that this act EftUcrami '

Michaelmas may continue for the Ipace of (even years, and to the end oi lt continued the then nest fdfion of Parliament.

7 vcatsaml to end of then nut i'clUon.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 675

A.D.

CHAP. XL. r 779-80.

An Act for the Relief of Persons in aBual Custody for Debt.

WHEREAS the several persons, whose names are mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, having been by misfortunes rendered unable to fitisfy the whole of their respective debts, have been confined in prison for a considerable time part j and it is reasonable to make provision for-such of them, as shall do the utmost for the satisfaction of their creditors: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons-in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of - the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every the persons,

-whose names are mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, against whom no petition hath been preferred to the house of commons of -this kingdom during this session of Parliament at any time before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty two, to exhibit petitions to his Majesty 6 court of King's bench or common pleas in Dublin, setting forth the several matters directed to be set forth in the petitions of the persons mentioned in a schedule annexed to an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the ivlief cf in-fshent debtors; and the said several persons shall, upon performing the several requires in the said act directed to be performed by the several persons mentioned in the schedule thereunto annexed, be entitled to the -like benefit and relief, and subject to the like punishment in case-of delivering a false and untrue account of their estate and effects, or concealing the fame, as by the said alt is directed with respect to the several persons, whufe names are-mentioned in the said schedule annexed to the said acts and the respective-dhtes and effects of the persons, whose names are mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be subject to all and Angular the terms and proviGons mentioned in the said act with respect to the eftntes and effects of the persons, whose names are mentioned in the said schedule annexed to the-find alt.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tlmt his Majesty's courts of King’s bench, exchequer, and common pleas respectively shall be inverted with all and singular the like powers with respect to die persons estates ami eftefts of the respective prisoners mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, as the said courts, or any of them, were respectively invelled with by the said act for die relief of persons whose names were includcdm the said schedule thereunto annexed.

III. Provided always, and be it further eiiafted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the said persons in the said schedule hereunto annexed, as is or are actual prisoner or prisoners in any gaol or prison in this kingdom on any process whatso-everfor or by reason of any debt whatsoever, and which gaol or prison is above the space of twenty miles distaut from the city of Dublin, on preferring his, her, or their petition or petitions, as, it is in such case or cales directed, they shall be preferred by the said act passed in the first year of his present Majesty, entitled.

An act for the teiiif of hfh'cnt debtors, and upon performing the several requisites in the said act directed to be performed, shall have and be entitled to the like benefit am! relief, and subject -to the like punishment in case of delivering a false and untrue account of their elt.ue and eftefts, or concealing the fame, as by the said act k directed with rdpeft -to the several persons, whose names are mentioned in the said schedule annexed to the said act *, and the estates and eftefts of such persons, whose names arc nicntioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, Audi be subject to all ami singular the terms amt provi lions mentioned in the said act with respect to die nl.iu-s and eftefts of the persons, whose names are mentioned in the said schedule annexed to the said act.

IV. And be it lurcher enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the judges of the Kings bench, exchequer, or common pleas in Dublin, the chairman and juliiccs S li i of

t

676

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

tI,c quarter sessions for the county of Dublin, the judge or judges of assize or I7"6-8o. a®zes at any a®ze which shall be holden in any county, city, town or place Chao AO* after ,he Pa®"S of ‘his aft into a law, shall be invefled with all and singular the like powers with respect to the persons, ellates, and effects of the respective debtors mentioned in tlte schedule hereunto annexed, as the said judge or judges of assize were respectively inveffed with by the said act passed in the first year of his present Majesty for the relief of persons, whose names were

included in the said schedule thereunto annexed.

V. And whereas several persons discharged from prison under the former acts of insolvency, and who performed the requilites required to be performed by such alts, have been afterwards contrary to the good intention and true meaning of such acts arrested and continued in prison at the suit or suits of their former creditors, in order that by such confinement the unhappy debtors might during the vacation of term fuller the cruelty of such confinement, and undergo the difficulties of inffituting a suit to recover that liberty, which it was the humane intention of such acts to have given them without any such difficulties: therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the persons in the annexed schedule, who shall be discharged from their confinement by conforming him, her, or themselves truly and honestly to the intent and meaning of this act, and who have' performed the requilites required to be performed without any fraud or perjury, shall be thereafter arrested and confined, or have any suit or suits whatsoever commenced against him, her, or them by reason of any judgment or decree, or for any debt, damages, attachments, contempts, colls, sum or sums of money contrasted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing due before the time of such persons taking the benefit of and being discharged by this act; and then and in such case or cases the creditor or creditors respectively, at whose suit such person or persons hath, or have been so arrested or imprisoned, or hath or have any such suit or suits so commenced against him, her, or them, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds tteriing, to be paid to the said person or persons so arrested, confined or proceeded against, and which sum or sums shall be recovered with treble costs by civil bill In such court or courts, where proceedings by civil bill may by law be had, or by action of debt, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, in which no protection, waget of law, or essoign shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

VI. - Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to protect the real or personal property of any person obtaining benefit under this act: but the fame ate hereby declared liable to all demands of every creditor of such person, any tiling herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That no person shall take or have any benefit by this aO, whohas made any fraudulent conveyance or assignment of his estate and goods, or any part thereof, either previous or subsequent to his failure, with an intention to defraud his creditors, or any of them, or who has done, or fullered to be done, any fraudulent act for the purpose aforesaid, and the same shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the court, in which the petition of such debtor shall be depending, upon an examination either viva voce, or by affidavit, as such court shall direct.

VIII. And provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to the benefit of any person, who is within the provisions oi the bankruptcy law.

IX. And provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the benefit of any person, who has been relieved by, and taken,the benefit of any former act of insolvency.

X. And provided always, That no person as guardian, trustee, executor, or administrator, is indebted to any person or persons, or who either now is or shall be hereafter committed by virtue of any attachment or serjeant at arms for a contempt of any court of justice in not accounting for or paying any sum or sums of nto-

nqr

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 677

ney received under or by virtue of the order of such court, shall be entitled to any A.D. benefit or relief from this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- 1

'lan.dinS- . Chap. 40.

XI. Provided also, That all persons, who have conveyed, embezzled, or converted \ to their own use, any monies, goods, wares, or merchandizes of persons, who have employed or intruded them, or who have made use of any fraud, false token or pretence for obtaining any sum of money, shall be excluded from receiving any benefit or advantage by this act.

XII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed to extend, or shall in any manner be construed or taken to extend, to give benefit, ease, discharge, or relief to any person or persons whatsoever for any debt for rent or arrears of rent, whether by a bond, note, or other settlement, in writing, per* felted to the landlord or landlords for the fame, or otherwise, which debt became due and payable out of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when he, (lie, or they owing such rent or arrears of rent, or any other person or persons deriving by, from, or under him, her, or them, is or are in possession of all or any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of which such rent was payable.

XIII. Provided likewise, That this act shall not extend to free the real or per* forial estate of any person obtaining benefit under this act, which such person or persons shall acquire or become entitled to after having taken the benefit thereof* but that the same shall be liable to the debts owing by them in as full and ample a manner, as if this act had never been made.

8 1

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

678

A.D.

1779-80. SCHEDULE of Persons in actual Custody for Debt on-or before the First Day of January, One Thousand Seven Hundred and lEighty, against whom no.Petitions were preferred.

Antrim.

Patrick Serjeant William Macartney Hugh Peebles Hannah Retford Thomas Hehderson

County Gaol.

Andrew M'Kinley Francis Hutchinson John M'Donald John Dorment Arthur M‘Mahon.

Marshalsea of the Manor of Kilultagh, in the Town of Lilburne. William Rawlins.

County of the Town of Carrickfergus, in the County of Antrim.

'Patrick Moore John Powel Curry. Armagh. County Gaol. Hugh M'Vea

Joseph Duff William Henderson

Hugh M'Garvey Sarah Murphy

William English Thomas Bogan

Patrick Donnelly John Graham.

Robert Johulton Carlow. County Gaol. Dennis Byrne.

Edward Broadbura Cavan. County Gaol. John Shaw

Patrick Dungan Archibald Noble

John O'Neill Edward Pita Gerald.

Joseph Confidon Clare. County Gaol of Ennis. Laurence Slattery

Tim. Grippa Richard Woods

Daniel Ready Thomas Hannigan

Morgan Hartley William Timmins

John Fitz Gerald John Green

Patrick Slattery Andrew 'Lyfaght

Denis Kirwan Daniel Lynchy.

John Donnellan Cork. County Gaol. William Splaine

John Heagerty James Barret

Robert Foultes Murtagh Scanlan

Richard Colkery Timothy Bohilly

Callaghan McCallaghan John Cunningham

Timothy Lyne Michael Ryan

Deane Talbot John Haly*

Cork. City Gaol.

Derby Mahony James Short James lehy

Peter Walfli John Olbum Tciguc Croneen

Daniel

5the nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 679

Daniel Sweeny James LehyA.D.

Michael Hallinane Michael Bohilly 1779-80.

John Rice Cornelius Dempsey Chap. 40.

Timothy Mullens John Rice ‘

John M'Mahon Michael 0‘Hallaran

John Wallh ‘William Cooper

Patrick O'Connor John Whelpley

Patrick Doyle William Cliriftiaii.

Donegal. County Gaol of LiiTord.

John O’Donnell John Griflin

Patrick Mullin James Martin.

Down. County Gaol.

Dennis M'Allifter Thomas Swan

Patrick Stephenson David M<Lean

Thomas Byrne Edward Smith.

Dublin. County Marshalsea of the Manor and Liberties of Kilmainham.

Christopher Reilly Thomas Hanley

Andrew Bourne William Fagan

John Butterfield James Barlow

Gilbert Haughton Hugh O'Brien

Matthias McGuire Mercer Harvey

Peter Hanaway Mary Bourke

Philip O'Hara William Hallagan

Edward Reilly John Bourke

Laurence Mealy Edward Higgins

Nicholas Ford John Mealy

Patrick Crawley John Irvine

William Dry Alexander Shilly

James Byrne Michael Dignan

James Sullivan George Emerson

John Chapman Thomas Cormatly.

Dublin. Edward Cufack John PrieAly Redmond McHugh Robert Coleman

City Gaols, Newgate and Black Dog.

Thomas Neale Alice Warrell Richard Barry John Hughes.

James Rafferty Michael Kelly Patrick Paffmore

Marshalsea of Saint Sepulchre.

James Byrne John Doran James Crawford.

Thomas Smith

Dublin.

Thomas Byrne Ann Brenan John Bell Rose Chawner John Denoy Richard Faircloth Mary Fox John Kilby

City Marshalsea.

Chrilloplicr McNamara Andrew McDonell Ftclix McCarroll John Moore Margaret Mathews William McClenahan William Norton Mathew Rogers

8 I a

Jane

68o The nineteenth.tend twentieth Years George III.

J) Jane Raddy John West,

f779-80. DanielTorney

Mathew Brayfon Martin Hughes

Margaret Butler Mitchelburn Knot

Joseph Baily Thomas Kelly

Edward Black Thomas Keilly

John Bourke Joseph Kerby

Xuke.Barret Mathew Kelly

William Bloomer Hyacinth Killketly

Garret Byrne Edward Leavy

Christopher Dalton Peter Lee

Thomas Dcrmott Robert Logan

William Davis Edward-Maguire

John Brady Terence McCan

Richard Cufack Nicholas Murphy

Mathew Carroll William McCabe

Terence Cofgrave William Molloy

Robert Curtis Peter McNally

William Cullen Laurence Monk

John Cantlin Patrick McQueade

Mathew Carter William Maguire

Laurence Mvter David Oliver

Bryan Mooney Cormick O'Nealc

John Mathews Mare Clare O'Reily

Catherine.Madden Mary 0‘Brien

Patrick Dowdall William Olbome

Andrew Dogherty Thomas 0‘Mullen

Terence Dogherty William Pattison

John Elliot Simon Fierson

Phineas Evans Laurence Prendergast

Henry Fitzsimons Laurence Reilly

James Farrell Patrick Ralph

Robert Goggin John Steirs

Richard Graham George Sherry

Thomas Gurley Collin Sinklcr

Thomas Graham William Soroghan

PeterHunchin Samuel Townshend

Peter Harris William Terrel

Richard Hind Robert Thompson

John Hardgrove Robert Willougby

Peter Hughes Either Tonng.

In the custody of the Sheriffs of the County of the City of

David Johnston Josiah Vcatch

John Bolton Edward Higgins.

Dublin. County Marshalsea.

Dame Mary Blake James Connor

Michael Houlton William Webb

Letter Biddy Patrick Haitian

Dav.d Lunt John Mangan

‘William Maguire Mary Harvey

Jonathan Pafley Catherine Hodgings

Thomas Clark James Kelly

Robeit

681

The'nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

Robert Murray William Jordan

Michael Redmonds Daniel Mahony.

Fermanagh. Patrick Murray Adam Rekin Michael Garvey Robert Howe William Armstrong

County Gaol of Enniskillen.

Bryan Neafon William Latimore Thomas Fawfet 'William McCabe Edward Farrell.

County of the Town of Galway Gaol. Peter Blake.

A.D.

1779-S0.

Chap. 40.

Kerry.

Owen McCarthy Darby Brofnahan Darby Mahony Thomas McCarthy John Turner

Kilkenny.

Patrick Castleil Patrick Reilly

Kerry.

Darby Shea Mathew Connor Roger Sullivan Cornelius Sullivan Daniel Luony.

City Gaol.

Elinor Berkley.

County Gaol of

Kilkenny.

Thomas Haydon Anne Fitzpatrick Bryan Doyle John Brenan

County Gaol.

Michael Dunphy John Lawless John Kennedy.

Kildare. County-Gaol of Athy.

Thomas Dalhunty Edward Salt

Edward Gahan Thomas Frewcn.

King’s County. Gaol of Philipftown.

Joseph Carlisle Giles Dyer

John Sarjeant Hugh Connor

Thomas Dyer Owen Slattery.

Leitrim. County Gaol of Carrick.

James Reynolds Patrick Sullivan.

Thomas Miller

Leitrim. County Marshalsea of Manor Hamilton. John Foltcr.

Limerick. City Gaol.

Daniel Carney Henry Walsh

Andrew Loughlin Patrick Collopy.

William Gleefon

Londonderry. County Gaol.

William Read William Parke

Thomas Crolkcran Edward Doghcrty.

8 K

Londonderry.

1 68V The of III,

A1 Di

iri-distrS ’ Londonderry. County Gadl of Colerain.

' Darcus Cammaran William Brenan.

Chap. 40. Jame5 pctets

Londonderry. CityamlLiberties Marshalsea.

Moses Makey Patrick Quin.

Walter Patterson

James ICillbridge Paul Reynolds William Slevin Patrick Ferrall

Longford. County Gaol.

Patrick Ferrall Patrick Doyle George McCreery Thomas Gavan.

Louth. County Mathew Farner

Bridget Hoods Hanna McGhee

Lucia Paddock, otherwise Christie Richard Taaffe Thomas Just

Gaol of Dundalk.

John Cunningham Samuel Crawley John Kennedy Hugh Donnelly Patrick Markey Philip Byrne.

Louth.

John Swan Luke Terny William Doolin Richard Crinion Henry McManus

County Drogheda Marshalsea.

Walter Moonan Michael Fullam Patrick Tiernan Sarah McFarlan Matthew McCunning.

Mayo. Thady Murphy James pouiden Michael McGreevy Daniel ICcon

County Gaol of Castlebar.

Thomas Philben Patrick Conrey Augustine Horan.

Ditto County. Ballinrobe Gaol.

Michael Gallager William Chambers.

James McNulty

Meath. . County Gaol of Trim.

Patrick GiHhenan Patrick Cogan

Patrick Concannon James Gardiner

Michael Murray Patrick Martin

John Dillon Bryan Cogan.

Michael Donnelly

Monaghan. County Gaol.

Richard Philips Hugh Purdy

Edward Steen John Fitzpatrick

John Connelly Francis McCade

Andrew Slevin Arthur Quin

Robert Henry Patrick Duffy

Phelemy Grecnan Patrick Foley.

Rofcomnton.

Tkitiimteenth-and-. twentieth Years of George III.

Roscommon. County Gaol. Edward l&egan.

William Shiw William Walker William Owens Elinor Palmer

Sligo. County Gaol.

James Gallagher Patrick O'Donnell Andrew Hart John Abbott.

683

A.D.

1779-80.

Chap. 40.

Tyrone. Francis Mongan Clad Chriltie CormickQuin Charles Boyle'

Peter Nugent William McElroy Cornelius McCormick Owen Daly

County Gaol of Omagh.

John McGarvey John Heafty William Quin John Daly John Gormly Samuel Balarn George Young.

Tyrone County. Marshalsea of Strabane.

John Kiukade Timothy McMullane

James Graham Gabriel Lard

Francis Tete David Speer

James Hood Knougher OCrampfey.

Tipperary. County Gaol of Clonmell.

Charles Lannigan John Healy

James Bourke John Luby

David WaHh Michael Wall

James Mofton Maurice Ryan

Malackey Dwyer Thomas Ryan

Patrick Condon Jeremiah McCarthy

Philip Power Edmond McDaniel

James Lunergan John Hackett

John Dwyre John Ryan

Michael Griffin Francis Michel

Patrick Mnhergan Maurice Walffi

William Greery Roger Morefay

Edmond Bourke John Tinefy

James Cleary Michael Murphy

Thomas Kennedy Richard Keating.

Waterford. County Gaol.

Edmond Currccn Stanhope Mason.

Waterford. County of the City Gaol.

Maurice Ilearn John Fling Patrick Mcrrigan.

Wexford. County and Town Gaol.

Terence Dcmpfey Daniel Murphy

John Donnelly Charles Cooke

Derby Moony Mathew Mylcr.

8 K 1

Weilmcath.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

684

A.D.

1779-80.

Chap. 40. Michael Hocy George Shea ' Mathew Leavy

Westmeath. County Gaol of Mullingar.

Edward Nowland Rachael Nowland.

Joseph Ryder James FitzwilHam

Wicklow. County Gaol.

Mathew CosteHo Jjaurence Lawers.

Grand juries at affixes may receive proposals fur building bridges without expence to the county, and the plans and estimate, ami schedule of intended Colls.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for empowering Grand furies to present Bridges and Tolls to be paid for passing the fame in certain cases.

WHEREAS the building and erecting good and sufficient bridges over divers rivers and waters in this kingdom would prove of the greatest utility by promoting and facilitating the pa (Page of goods, merchandizes, cattle, carriages, and travellers from one part to another, and thereby extending that free and uninterrupted communication which is always highly beneficial and necessary in a commercial country: and whereas grand juries, who, as the law now Hands, have power to present sufficient films of money for eroding bridges, where they may think them necessary, are often induced to decline presenting the moll necessary bridges on account of the expence attending the lame, and to avoid loading the people with heavy taxes, whom they' may think already fufliciemly charged for other county ptirpolcs: and whereas private persons may often be induced to take upon themselves the risque, labour, and expence of erecting and maintaining fitch bridge or bridges from time to time without any eels on any county, if they should be by law allowed a rcaibnable toll for all persons, cattle, and carriages passing the fame: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty every grand jury of any comity, or county of a city or county of a town, at any , assizes to be holden for the fame may receive from any person or persons, willing to build any bridge or bridges over any river or water in such county, or county of a city or county of a town, any proposal or proposals for building such bridge or bridges without any expence to such county, or county of a city or county of a town, and the plan or plans of the fame, with a " 3 11,11

H)e nlmtecnih and t-wenlieth years of George III. 68

full and particular estimate of the expence of building the fame, A.D. and also a schedule of the tolls intended to be raised, if 1779-80. such bridge or bridges should be thereafter erected in pursuance Chap. 41; of this act.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that a copy coPr ihcre-of every such proposal, estimate, and schedule of tolls shall be affixed ten days previous to the first day of such assizes, on which f«ch aiiiz.-a on the same are intended to be laid before the grand jury, on the ^tjho"L door of the publick court house, where the assizes for such #ndf«*ed

r ' - ~ r 11 on treasurer

county, or county of a city, or county or a town arc usually and i»ah flic-holden, and shall also be served on the treasurer and high sheriff rlll>nn coumj. or high flteriffs of every such county, or if in the county of DaiHn, 10-Dublin ten days before the first day of each prel'enting term, the prefcudng said proposal to be delivered to the treasurer of said county, te>d ptopo_ or if in the county of a city on the chief magistrate and sheriffs fcl delivered of such county of a city at the assizes next preceding the assizes at which any preferment shall be made pursuant; and the fore-man of the grand jury at such preceding assizes shall certify-, that and sheriffs, the said plan, estimate, schedule of tolls, or other matters re- «£*7tfiei, lative to building such bridges, was considered and approved of foreman by such grand jury, in order thereby to render the notice of such gra,|Cjiiri« intended application as extensive and general as possible. coni.dcm.g

rr 0 , and approving

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* that any it.

grand jury receiving such proposal, plan, estimate, and schedule m dd'i.!^7 of intended tolls certified as aforesaid, shall deliberate upon and ra,c ll,aco"> approve or reject the fame, as they shall think proper, or make jc'a or\tducc such a reduction in the propoJed intended tolls, as they and the " person or persons preferiting such proposal or proposals shall agree and determine upon; arid if they as trustees for the publick, fasrecd and the person or persons preferiting such proposal or propolals, shall ?"s'1 agree on the fevferal articles of the plan, estimate, and tolls, that lent, am) then it shall and may be lawful for such grand jury to make a presentment, and for the judge of assize to confirm the fame, for schedule such bridge or bridges to be built as aforesaid, and to annex to their presentment a schedule of the tolls so agreed on to be granted to the person or persons so building the said bridge or bridges, and builder* for his, her, or their heirs and assigns for ever. CRr-

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any freeholder of every county, and every occupier of lands through which the approaches to ll-.e laid bridge are carried, and to and for any freeholder or freeman of every county of a city or county of a town, in which such prc-I'mtment shall be so made, and every other person interested

686 The nineteenth and hvenheth years of George fit,

A. D-. therein or to be affected thereby, if they or any of them /hall

1779-80. think themselves injured or aggrieved by erecting such bridge,

or makinS approaches thereto, or by the tolls ascertained by

Such pre- such preferment, to traverse such presentment at the assizes, on

toSiSm"" wh*ch such presentment shall be made, in the manner and under

»w. and the recognizances now used in entering traverses to the present-

kj, ments of grand juries j and that such traverse or traverses shall be

tried before one of the judges of assize, at the said assizes, or if

in the county of Dublin before the judges of the court of king’s

bench at the presenting term, by the verdict of a petty jury, or

at the next assizes to be holden for said county or county of a

tdbyvcfS city or town; ar>d such presentment shall be confirmed by the

or traverse verdict of a petty jury, or that such traverse shall not be tried on

"ftlwlftcdf* either of the said assizes or terms, then in either case such

presentment shall be fully confirmed and establishedj and the

compenfe- jury, who tries such traverse, shall have full power to inquire

or Tnjury'aT- mto any 1°6 or injury, which any individual may receive on ac-

cenained by count of erecting such bridge or laying out or making the ap-

totiepaity! proaches thereto, and to ascertain what may be a proper compensation for such lofs or injury; which sum so ascertained by the said jury shall be paid to the person or persons, who are to fuf-

fer such loss or injury.

No p«rent- V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no pre-

mem for fentment shall be made in pursuance of this act for any bridge,

pencewhCTe- the expence of erecting which shall not at the least amount to

°fTOT tilUfi- fk® sum of ^ve hundred pounds sterling; and that no tolls shall I

davit at assizes be taken for passing any such bridge, until an affidavit shall be

archSor? sworn before one of the judges of assize, or before the justices of

one employed the peace at a general quarter sessions of such county or county of under him,or /

person at a city or town, in which such bridge shall be so built, by the

penceS, architect of said bridge, or by some person employed under him

tb?t f in keeping the account of the expences of building the fame, or

Jdlafyfor' by the person or persons at whose expence such bridge shall be

cattle and f0 built, in which affidavit shall be sworn, that such bridge is c3rr)3^f{y the % 4 ®

expence 500l. so far fimflied and compleated as to admit the safe and easy fying the?umj passage of cattle and carriages, and that the expence of building d a<fiiadt t^e ^me amounted to the sum of five hundred pounds at vrith clerk of the least, specifying the particular sum according to the know* p«!*r kdge and opinion of the person or persons so making the said affidavit to which the said expences shall have amounted, and until such affidavit be deposited with the clerk of the crown if sworn at the assizes, or clerk of the peace if sworn at the sessions

The riimieenlb ami iimitieth yean of George III. 687

of such county or county of a city or town, in which such bridge A.D. shall be so built as aforesaid. 1779-89.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid; that in ho Chapel, case whatsoever shall any tolls be presented by any grand jury v’mX!u£ in pursuance of this act, which shall exceed the following sums respectively, that is to say, for every coach, berlin, chariot, M be P«. calalh, chaise, or chair drawn by fix horses, geldings, mares, or f""ted’ mules, the sum of one shilling and six pence; for every coach, thet0"' berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, or chair drawn by any leller

number of horses, geldings, mares, or mules than fix, or more than two, one shilling; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, or chair drawn by two horses, geldings, mares, or mules, six pence; for every carriage, commonly called a chaise or chair, drawn by one horse, gelding, mare, or mule, three pence; for every waggon, wain, or car with four wheels, two shillings; for every waggon, wain, or car with two wheels drawn by more than two horses, geldings, mares, mules, or oxen, one shilling; for every waggon, wain, or car with two wheels, drawn by two horses, geldings, mares, mules, or oxen, six pence; for every car or other carriage drawn but by one horse, gelding, mare, or mule, two pence; for every horse, gelding, mare, mule, or af laden or unladen and' not drawing, one penny halfpenny; for. every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of one shilling and eight pence per (core, and so in proportion for any greater or klfer number, for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep, or lambs, the sum of five pence per (core, and lb in proportion for any greater or lefier number, and for every man, woman, or child, one halfpenny.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that on Come

part of such bridge, as shall be built in pursuance of this act, and saw

a toll house and gate shall be erected by such person or persons J^hbUdje,

building such bridge, who shall at such gate be intitled to receive

such tolls, as shall be agreed on, presented and confirmed as aforesaid, not exceeding the respective toll herein before specially set

forth, before the passage of any person, cattle, or carriage,

through the said gate; and that any person forcing a passage on forcing

through such gate for him or herself, his, or her carriage, car-

riages, or cattle, and not paving the due and regulated toll, may

for such offence be summoned personally, or by an order left at one of next

his or her usual place of habitation with Cone person residing ['cMforthe

therein of the age of sixteen years and upwards, at the infiance """'J'or

of the owner or owners of the said tolls, or of the person or per- bound, of

(bus appointed by him, her, or them to receive the same, ten cll, Kr’

days

688 the nineteenth and.iwe)ilieth years of George III.

A.D.

days before his appearance is required, to appear before one of 1779-80. the next residing justices of the peace for the county in which Chap. 41. such bridge shall lie, or if on die bounds of two counties then ' before one of the next residing justices of the peace for either determined county, who shall hear and determine the merits of the said com-summariiy on plaint in a. summary way by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or wiinesses (which oath or oaths such justice of the peace is hereby required and impowered to administer j and to inquire into and determine any offence aforesaid, and shall in the case of proof of such outrage and forceable passage (whether the party complained against appear or not) if the if proved, service of the summons be duly proved, adjudge the person or adfudgeTti persons guilty of the same to pay unto the person or persons inpay n°tabove titled to receive the said toll, or the person or persons by him, and charges, her, or them, impowered to collect the fame, any sum not exceeding ten shillings sterling, with the necessary costs and char-ifcom- ges; and in case such complaint shall appear groundless and groundless, unjust, then such justice of the peace shall adjudge to the person 1 os. to the or persons so unjustly complained against any sum not exceeding part)’’ ten shillings sterling, to be paid by the person or persons so pre-jf in cither ^err*nS unjust complaint; and in either case the sum case not paid so to be adjudged by such justice of the peace, if not paid imme-!criedbytely’ diately by the person or persons adjudged to pay the same, Ibail of an^ may be levied by a warrant of distress under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace on the goods and chattles of the and publick person or persons so adjudged to pay the same; and the goods tale after 3 and chattles so distrained, shall and may on any day after die m 10 space of three days from the time of distraining the fame, and within the space of ten days, be publickly sold by the person, to overplus, whom the said warrant of distress shall be granted; and out of the fum"and ^le Pr°duce thereof the sum so adjudged shall be paid to the charges, to person or persons intitled to receive the same 3 and if any over-plus shall remain after deducting the said sum adjudged and the necessary costs and charges, the same shall be paid over to the owner or owners of the goods and chattles so distrained and sold as aforesaid.

Copy ofpre-

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that on ftntment and some convenient place on every such bridge and near the toll tolls in large gate there shall be affixed a board or (tone, on which shall be brardorstone distinctly painted or carved in large letters a copy of the entire near the gate, presentment of the grand jury, by virtue of which such bridge iwptelccp- shall be erected, and also of theft: hedule of tolls affixed thereunto, rr- under the penalty of twenty drillings to be levied on such gate

keeper,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

keeper, upon complaint made in manner aforementioned of such neglect, to be levied as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that on passing such toll gate a proper ticket or tickets shall be delivered to the person or persons passing the fame for him her, or themselves, his, her, or their carriages or cattle: and that if any person or persons having paid the toll or duty by the presentment founded on this act made payable, and having received such note or ticket as is hereby directed, shall give or dispose of the same to any other person or persons to elude the just payment of the said toll or duty, every such person so giving, and every person so receiving, such note or ticket, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witness'es before such justice of the peace as aforesaid, (which oath the said justice of the peace is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings sterling, to be recovered, levied, and disposed of, as any other penalties and forfeitures are directed to be recovered, levied, and disposed of, by this act: provided that no person be obliged to pay more than once in each day for passing such bridge to be built in purl'uance of this act.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no bridge shall be erected in pursuance of this act on any river or water within one mile of any established and lawful ferry over such river or water without the consent of the owner or owners of liich ferry under his, her, or their hand and leal lirft had and obtained; and in such case such consent shall be recited lpc-cially in the presentment, which shall be made in pursuance of this act.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if such bridge shall extend into more than one county, it shall be necessary to obtain such presentment and to make such affidavit, as is herein already mentioned, in each of such counties, before any toil shall be levied or paid in pursuance of this act.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that at any time after the expiration of forty one years from the corn-pleating and opening of any bridge to be built in pursuance of this act it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county, in which such bridge shall be situated, or if situated in two counties then for the grand juries of the said counties, to redeem the tolls so presented as aforesaid by paying in one sum to the person or persons, who shall then be the owner or owners of said tolls, the original sum expended in building such bridge,

689

A.D.

1779-S0. Chap. 41.

Tickets delivered on passing,

giver and receiver of ticket to e-lude toll, forfeit for.

payment but once a day.

No l*i idge wit Jiin mile

of a ferry without con-lent under hand and seal recited in pre-fcntnient.

If such bridge in different counties, such picfentment and affidavit in each.

After 41 years grand juries may redeem such loll by paving in tine sum the original expellee with any deficiency of imereti.

69c

The nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III.

A.D.

with any deficiency of interest which may arise, in case by the 1779-80. perception of the tolls the person or persons intitled to the Chap. 41. said tolls shall not have received from time to time above all necessary costs and charges of repair and receipt of said tolls the legal interest at the least for the money at first expended in building and erecting such bridge; and on such payment of the original sum lb expended, and of such deficiency if any there shall be, then the said toll shall cease, and the passage of such bridge shall be open and free to all cattle, carriages, and persons whatsoever.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said grand jury or grand juries of the county or counties respectively, as the case may happen, may be empowered to raise by wiSi'imtreft,1* preferment on such county or counties at large, if they shall think it of advantage to the county so to do, such sum or furas of money as may be sufficient to discharge such sum so expended and disbursed, with interest thereof to the person or persons who have built or erected bridges, in manner as aforesaid, subject to such traverses as aforesaid.

Tenants

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all ma) con’_ tenants for life in said lands, on which any such bridge or bridges

and the passage free.

And may present on county at large such

subject to traverse.

sent to erect-

;ng bridges shall be built or erected, shall have full power to give content to erect bridges, or make approaches to the fame, under ami subject to the compensations, conditions, and provisoes in this act, and that such consent shall be binding and conclusive upon all persons, who may be intitled to any estate in remainder 0. rc-verlion.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every such case the action shall be brought in the county, in which such bridge shall be erected, or if more than one county in either of such counties, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions Vnay plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence amUhiTao’ at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or such action or actions shall be brought in any other county, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintitl or plaintiffs should be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their ami treble action a^tel' defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or

ceils to tic- ;f any demurrer or judgment shall be given against the plaintiff wdS’nwi- or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may reco-salt, See. ver

or making approaches, under compensations and conditions herein;

binding on remainder or reversion.

Fuit s for acting laid in the county there bridge erected,

general

and spectal matter in evidence.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 691

vtr treble costs, and have the like remedy for the lame, as is A.D. bylaw allowed tp any defendant or defendants in any case what- 1779-80. ibever. 'v '

WHEREAS it is highly necessary to regulate the manu- Nonerhall facture of bread in the city of Cork, and to prevent the

; many unfair practices made use of in carrying on laid business, tin registry of to the great oppression of the poor; for remedy whereof be it SVInmay-macted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the°*l"ok> advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- time of entry, mons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the firffc day of September one 1 Want! seven hundred and eighty no person shall make or bake for sale, or sell or expose to sale, any bread within the said city or the liberties thereof, unless such person shall first register his or her name and place of abode in some book to be kept for that purpose by the mayor of the said city, in which entries shall be also expressed the respective times of making such entries.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no per- Oath before fan shall be registered in the manner herein before directed, un- '’"jiT less he or Ihc shall swear, or being of the people called quakers Ir>-affirm, in the following manner, that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, (or fokmnly affirm as the case shall require)

Act I will not enter into any unlawful combination whatjeever to reife the price of bread, or of corn, meal, or four, or into any unlawful combination not to bake; and that I will not knowingly make, lake, or fill, or permit to be made, baked, or fold, for my use any bread, in which any other ingredient or mixture shall be put, fame ‘nh the genuine four or meal of the grain, andfait, water, and barm trjeaf, or eggs, or milk.

which oath the mayor of tire said city is empowered and required to ailminister.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any n,k,n5 person do or shall from and after the time aforesaid make or iclll,lK I'"1'

' , out uidi re-

take for sale, or sell or expose to sale, any bread within the said pitryanj ini-

CHAP. XLII.

yin act for regulating the baking trade in the city of Cork.

fur* fc«, 5l. to

6f/2 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

taken the oath or made the affirmation as herein before directed, i 779-80. he, she, or they so offending therein, and being thereof con-Chap. 42. vifted in manner herein after mentioned, shall for every such '—offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be paid over to the governors of the work house of the said city, together with the and the forfeiture of the bread so made or baked for sale, or fold or ex-and’gi«n t® posed to sale by such person, not being registered or not having parish poor. taken the oath or made the affirmation aforesaid; and which bread the mayor of the said city, or any one or more of the market jury of the said city, are hereby empowered to seize; which said bread shall be given to the poor of the parish, wherein the same shall be seized.

None ex-

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, thatnoper-bakerr^T" f°n except a common baker, who shall be registered, and shall tered and tak- take the oath or make the affirmation aforesaid, shall exposeto (hall1 felUny sale in the said city of Cork, or the suburbs or liberties thereof, r0rji?d’ mcpt any bread, except halfpenny and penny rolls, on pain that fuclt penalty on person, and the baker employing such person to fell such bread, baklr 'rcipcc- shall respectively forfeit two shillings and six pence for each tivdy 2s. fid. Offence, to be recovered as other forfeitures in this act, one to informer moiety to the informer and the other to the poor of the andpoor< parish.

linkers of And it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every

white, wheat- person or persons, who shall, from and after the time aforesaid boid°rhaii>Uk" make or bake for sale, or sell or expose to sale, within the mark the ba- cjty or the liberties thereof any sort of white, wheaten, or

Kcr's name Sc

number of . houfliold bread, shall from time to time cause to be fairly im-every^oaf, printed or marked on every loaf of such bread the name u?

the baker of such bread, and also the number of pounds such loaf shall weigh; and that every person, who shall so make or bake for sale, or shall sell or expose to sale, any loaf or loaves of white, wheaten, or household bread, which shall not if not so be so marked as aforesaid, or shall make, fell, or expose to

deficient byfale> any bread deficient in weight according to the assize of 1 G' f breacI prescribed by an act passed in this kingdom in the first ed as in said year of George the second, entitled, an act for regulating the frici ficLnt"'0 dc a,d assize of bread and the markets, shall in either of said cases upon conviction thereof according to the methods prescribed by said act be punished in such manner and under such penalties, regulations, and allowances, as are set forth in laid act in cases, where bread is deficient in weight, if real ba-

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any

noffonuwk- Pel'f°n or Pel'fons shall after the time aforesaid make or bake

eil forfeit 2 iof

20s.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 69 i

for sale, or sell or expose for sale, within the said city or liberties A.D. any loaf of such white, wheaten, or household bread, 011 which 1779-80. the real name of the person, who baked such loaf or loaves, shall Chap. 42. not be marked as aforesaid, he, flic, or they so offending in the

premitt'es, and being thereof convicted in the manner herein mentioned, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as is herein mentioned.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from Brea(J and after the time aforesaid it shall and may be lawful for any f° marked person, lawfully authorized to do the fame, in the day time to fcUcd^ seize and take away every loaf of such white, wheaten, or hous- *"daujnd hold bread, which shall at any time or times be found not carried to tht marked as herein before directed, and to carry the fame before mlyor’ the said mayor; and if he shall find such bread not marked according to the directions herein before mentioned, then and in every such case all such bread not so marked shall be forfeited, iff, found and the same shall be given away to the persons seizing and in- f°j*"Cgrtotllc forming, or to and ainongit the poor of the parish in which the poor, or a, by fame shall be seized, or in Inch other manner as the magistrate shall adjudge the same to be forfeited shall direct.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall M_Qr and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, or for any one of one of market the market jury of said city at all times hereafter in the day i^y cS l»-tinte to enter into any house, outhouse, (hop, or other place belonging to any person who shall make or bake for sale or who feareh inSrc-shall fell any bread, and there to feareh into the ingredients, fvcieh’and try which they shall find any such person using in making bread, ortl,c which he hath ufecl in making bread, and to view, weigh, and try all bread, which shall on any inch feareh be found; and if on such feareh any dough or bread shall be found, in which any such ingredients not herein allowed to lie used shall be made iffuchu use of, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to "°j"(gj,cd anti for the said mayor or any of the said market jury to seize fcned, and (itch ingredients, dough, and bread, and for the mayor of the said city to dispose oi the fame in such manner, as he shall think fit, and allb to commit such person or persons, in whose custody and person, they shall find such ingredients, dough, or bread, to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize such number of fom-dnot days not exceeding twenty days, as the said mayor according to allu'c his discretion shall think fit to order ami direct.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any oMrufim,: person or persons shall wilfully oppose, relict, hinder, or obstruct any inch fcarchcs as aforesaid, lie, (lie, or they lb offending there- Luff.

V 0 l. XI. 8 N in,

fctyq. The nineteenth and twentieth years t>f George III.

A.D. 1n, and being thereof convicted in manner herein mentioned, 1779-80. shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be Chap. 42. recovered in the manner herein directed, and to be paid to the ' ' governors of the said work house for the use of the same.

Forfeitures, Xi And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the fe-wlfeproridedj veral penalties and forfeitures herein before mentioned, except recovered on }n such cases as js herein before otherwise provided, shall be

conviction r ft* r t

before mayor, recovered upon conviction by the confession of the party, or by the oath, or if the person be of the people called quakers, by the affirmation of one or more w’ltness or witnesses before the dfflrSm'hu ^d mayor> to be levied by way of distress upon the goods anil warrant, chattles of every such offender by warrant from the said mayor,

distributed returning the overplus j the said forfeitures to be distributed to the poor. amongst the poor in such manner as the said mayor shall direct.

Prosecutum

XL. Provided always, that no person shall be prosecuted for m 3 months. any 0fbence committed agamd this act, unless such prosecution shall commence within three calendar months after such offence committed.

French rolls

XII. Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall pro-Muf111& f°,d ^'bit4'le baking or felling of French penny and halfpenny rolls in such manner, as has been accustomed.

Defendant

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that any

gencraHffue Person> sued for any thing done in execution of this act, may and jive spe- plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; eWdence'Vnd and if U verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff non-wftV"trebk ^u'ted» or judgment shall pass for the defendant in such suit, he shall recover treble costs.

Continued

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this ift act diall continue for two years from the first of September one

to end of ne t t^ou^nd seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end session. of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAT.

fbt nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

695

A.D.

CHAP. XLIII. 1779-8d.

\^v\>

An act for continuing, altering, amending, and making more effectual an act of parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign ofbispresent Majesty, entitled. An act for continuing and amending an act passed in the ffteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for continuing an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the second, entitled, An act for making more effectual an aB passed in the third year of the feign of his late Majesty king George the second, entitled; An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the road leading from the said town of Nwuan to the town of Nobber in the said county; and also for repairing the road leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Kells in the said county.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the third Rrc!(jlof year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the sG- >9- second, entitled, An act for the repairing the road leading from the citf of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, several tolls and duties were granted and made payable for repairing the said road, which said act took place and commenced the tenth day of May in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thence continued in force for and during the term of twenty one years: and whereas by another act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his said late Ma- 7 G 2! jesty king George the second, entitled; An act for making more c- " efeltual an aB passed in the third year of the reign of his said Ma-jtjly king George the second, entitled; An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the roads leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the said county, as also for repairing the road leading from the town of Navan to the town of Kells in said county, it was amongst other things enacted, that the said act, made in the third year of his said late Majesty's reign, and all and every the powers and authorities therein contained (except what was thereby altered) should be of full force and effect, and should continue from and and after the expiration of the said term of twenty one years for and during the further term of twenty four years and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas by an act of parliament passed in

Tthe nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1n the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present 1779-80. Majesty king George the third, entitled. An aB jar continuing Chap. 43. an paJetl in the /event!) year of his said late Majesty king George 15 S 16 c. the second, entitled, An act for making more effectual an ail puffed 3- c. 37- in the third year of the reign of his said Majesty king George the J'e-cond, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the roads leading from the said town of Navan to lbe town of Nobber in the said county, as also for repairing the read leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Kells in the said county, it was enacted, that the said recited acts, and the powers and authorities therein contained, should have continuance ami be executed from and after the expiration of the said terms of twenty one years and twenty four years for and during die further term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas by another act of parli-17 & is c. ament passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign 3- 37- of his present Majesty king George the third, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an aB passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing an aB passed in the seventbjear of the reign of bislate Majesty king George the second, entided. An act for making more tual an aB passed in the third year of the reign of his said late Majesty king George the second, entitled, An act for repairing thread leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in tie county of Meath, and jor repairing the roads leading prom the said town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the said county, as also jlr repairing the road leading from the said town of Navan to tit town of Kells in the said county, it was enacted, that the said feve-ral- herein before recited acts, and every power and authority therein contained, should be of full force and effect from and after the end of the then present session of parliament for and during the further term of one year, and until the end of tl . then next ensuing session of parliament, excepting such-parts of the said acts as did relate to the roads leading from Navan to Nobber, and from Navan to Kells, in the said county of Meath: and whereas it was enacted by the said recited act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty king George the second, that the then trustees, and the survivors and survivor of them, and those persons who should thereafter be chosen trustees by virtue of the said act, were and should be nominated and appointed trustees for the better surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the several roads aforesaid, leading from the

The nineteenth and twentieth j/edrs 6f Gefdrgg Bt 697

the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, arid alfa the'road leading A.D.

from the said town of Navan to the town of Kells* and also the i77g-8o<

road leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Nobber Chap. 43.

in the said county of Meath, and for plotting all other the powers in

execution by that and the former act given for the better amend-

log and repairing the said roads; and that the said trustees, or any

five or more of them, or such person or persons as they or any

five or more of them should authorize and appoint, should and

might erect, or cause to be erected, one or more turnpike or turnpikes, and toll house and toll houses, and one or more gate or gates, on any cross road or roads on each of the said roads

leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Kells, and from the said town of Navan to the town of Nobber aforesaid,

and should there take and receive the tolls and duties in said act

particular ly lpccified and set forth: be it enacted by the king's

most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said trustees, and those persons who shall be appointed trustees

by virtue of the said recited acts and of this act, shall be truf-

toes for the better surveying and altering, and repairing the road Rmtalaf

leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, and for t* G‘2'A

that road only, and not for the road leading from the town of 7

Navan to the town of Kells, or from the town of Navan to the ij& <6 G.

town of Nobber; and that they or any of them shall not have 3-^7i8C

power to erect, or to authorize any person or persons to erect s- c. 37- , r Ac trustcet

or cause to be erected, one or more turnpike or turnpikes, or f>y raid acts

one or more toll house or toll houses, or one or more gate or gates, on any cross road or roads on either of the said roads «»only for

leading from the said town of Navan to the town of Kells or

Nobber respectively, and that they shall not take or receive the Navaa<

tolls or duties in the said act specified and particularly therein and not

set forth, or any toll upon any part of said road leading from

Navan to Kells, or Navan to Nobber9 and that the said former Mfor,

recited acts and each of them, and all and every the powers ufarai

therein contained, so far as they relate to the' said road from Na-

van to Kells, and from Navan to Nobber, be and are hereby afu repealed.

repealed, and declared null and void to all intents and pur-.

poles.

II. And whereas it is found by experience, that the tolls and duties granted and made payable by the said several recited acts have not been sufficient to pay the interest of the debts contracted for making the said road, or to keep the fame in sufficient order or repair, and to pay the other necessary expences attending Vol. XI. 8 0 the

698 The mneieenih mi twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

the fame; artd that notwithstanding the expehditures of cori-1779-80. siderable sums laid out thereupon the said road is not in good Chap. 43. sufficient repair for travelling thereon} and therefore that it is expedient and proper for the good of the community to make the several additions and provisions herein after mentioned for the more effectually amending and repairing the said road, and keeping the fame in good order and repair, and for the better securing the debts now due or which shall hereafter become due on account of the said roads for thehonest and fair creditor, and for defraying the other necessary expences attending and incident Said welted thereto: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid} that the said taed)afofar several herein before recited acts of parliament, and all and every m relates to^ the authorities, powers, rules, penalties, clauses, and conditions to therein contained (except what are hereby changed and altered) Moued"siCon" as *'ame re'ate to road leading from the city of years, and to Dublin through Stoneybatter; Castleknock, Clonee, Dunlhaghlin, n"«°rcffion, Hill of Tarra, to the town of Navan shall be of full force and effect, and shall continue and be executed from and after the end of this present session of parliament, for and during the further term of thirty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament for the intents and purposes in the said recited acts, and of those herein after mentioned and excepted; and that the said recited acts,’and all the powers and authorities therein and thereby granted and given, shall from the and from first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty ex-

1.780 San tend to the repairing and amending, and keeping in repair, the

extend to said road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan,

K from and no other road, as if the fame powers and authorities granted

and given by the said acts, or any of them, were herein agaiu no oijier, os repeated and re-enacted in this present act; any thing in the fad 'seated!"re' several recited former acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And to the end aforesaid be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the persons nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the said recited acts and the persons who have been occasionally from time to time elected trustees in the room of those, who died or were removed, pursuant to the power of election in said recited acts, and those persons herein after named, viz. the earl of Westmeath, earl Ross, lord viscount Boyne, Ar',s. Plunket commonly called earl Fingall, Jenicho Erefton commonly called lord viscount Gormanstown, honourable Gustavus Hamilton, honourable George Plunket commonly called lord Killeen, fir Edward Newenham, knight, honourable George 5 Nugent

The nineteenth and twentieth years if tifiorge tiL

&99

Vugent commonly called lord Delvin, Joseph Deane esquire, h<J- A; D. nourable Robert Rochfort, George Rochfort esquire, right ho- 1779-80. nourable William Burton, right honourable James Fortescue, Chap. 4^ right honourable Theophilus Clements, right honourable John ‘ ’

Fofter, reverend William Fofter, Thomas Chapman esquire,

John Finlay esquire, William Finlay esquire, John Godley esquire, Robert Wade esquire, Michael Daniel esquire, Robert Tighe esquire, Daniel Tighe esquire, James O’Reilly esquire, Thomas O’Reilly esquire, Luke Gardiner esquire, James Wilson esquire the younger, honourable the bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, John Billon esquire, Ulick Allen esquire, Francis Hopkins esquire,

Francis Lowndes esquire, William Webb esquire, Charles Lambert esquire, James Dutton esquire, Joseph Preston esquire, the reverend Richard Godley, George Montgomery esquire, Sir James Somer* ville baronet, Thomas Nefbit esquire, John Forbes esquire, Walter Evans esquire, Gustavus Hume esquire, William Colville, esquire, Hugh Bowen esquire, Hugh Wilson esquire, William Smyth esquire, Mark Synnot esquire, Ralph Smyth esquire, William Thomas Smyth esquire, Sydenham Singleton esquire, John Bolton esquire, John Tandy esquire, George Paul Monck esquire,

William Somerville esquire, Henry Cope esquire, fir Michael Cromie, baronet, Robert Forde esquire, Gilbert King esquire,

John Wallis esquire, John Lowther esquire, captain Evans,

Charles Hamilton esquire, Edward Jones esquire, Samuel Fofter esquire, John Leigh esquire, Hugh Reilly esquire, reverend William Gruebere, the reverend doctor Woodward, Thomas Trotter esquire, Henry Sandford esquire, the younger, Phillip Batty esquire, Henry Wood esquire, John Steer esquire, Hartcourt Lightburne esquire, the right honourable Thomas Conolly, Laurence Harman Harman esquire, reverend Nathaniel Preston, colonel Arthur Preston, Robert Percival esquire, Robert Reynel esquire, William Naper esquire, reverend George Lambart, the honourable and reverend Thomas Stanford, the right honour* able lord Farnham, the right honourable lord Headfort, the honourable Clotworthy Rowley, the honourable Hercules Rowley, the honourable Hercules Langford Taylor, the honour* able John James Barry Maxwell, Benjamin Chapman esquire,

William Chapman esquire, the reverend dean Richard Moore,

and Mr. Patrick McLoughlin, shall be the trustees for putting the IWonaap-

said several recited former acts and this present act into execution,

and all the powers and authorities therein and herein given and enacted save only such powers as are by this act repealed) to all herein named

intents and purposes, as if they had been named in this present ^betruf-

aft,

7'oo The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

act, with the like power of electing trustees upon the fame 1779-80. cafions and events during the continuance of this act as is Chap. 43. given to the trustees in the former recited acts and in this present as if the fame were herein particularly set forth and men-KocS tioned: provided that at every election to be had for trustees or ftonatiy 7 any trustee th.ere be seven or more attending trustees, otherwise being present, eyection shall be null and void.

7 trustee* iv. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall turnpike* and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or fnitcrf'oVoil 1*,ore 0 shem> or such person or persons as they or any seven or the fcmer, more of them shall authorize and appoint, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty to erect or cause to be erected one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts of said high, ways or roads between the city of Dublin through Stoney-batter, Castleknock, Clonee, Dunfhaghlin, HillofTarra to the town of Navan, and also a toll house or toll houses, and also to erect or cause to be erected one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the said highways or roads across any way or lane leading out of the said road or any part thereof from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan through the respective places aforesaid, as also atoll house or toll houses, and there and from thenceforth during the continuance of the said former acts and of this present act, instead of the usual and accustomed tolls and duties, hi-therto paid and made payable by the said recited former acts or any of them, shall receive and take the tolls and duties following, before any horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, chair, cabriole, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage shall be permitted to pass through the the toll, fame; that is to say, for every coach, berlin, chariot, chaise, or chair drawn by fix horses, geldings, mares, or mules, one iliil-ling and six pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, or chair drawn by four horles, geldings, mares, or mules, one shilling; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chailc, or chair drawn by two horses, geldings, mares, or mules, fa pence halfpenny j for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels with two or more horses, geldings, mares, or mules, five shillings j for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels drawn by two horses, geldings, mares, mules, or beasts of burthen, six pence; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels drawn by three or more horses, geldings, mares, or mules, two shillings and six pence; for every carriage commonly called a chaise or chair or capriole drawn by one

horse.

The nineteenth aid twentieth years' of George III. 7

horse, gelding, mare, or mule four pence; for every cart with A.D. one horse, gelding; mare, or mule with one pair of wheels, two 1779-80; pence-, for every car with one horse, mare; mule, or gelding Chap. 43. three halfpence j for every horse, gelding, mare, mule; or afs; laden or unladen, one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, bulls, or bullocks; one shilling and four pence per score, and lb in proportion for any greater or lesser numer; and for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep, or lambs, eight pence by the score; and so in proportion for any greater or lelTer number 5 and for every carriage whereon any mill stone shall be borne or carried two shillings, and two or more cars bound together canying timber or otherwise with two or more horses, geldings, mares, or mules, to pay the sum of three /hillings; and every car with Kilkenny coals, not having their Wheels respectively of the breadth of three inches, to pay from the time aforesaid as any other car notwithstanding any exemption or privilege for any such in any of the said recited former acts specified and contained; and in case the wheels of such cars carrying Kilkenny coal as aforesaid shall be made of the breadth above required, then and in such case all such cars to pass free, and be exempt from paying any toll or duty whatsoever upon any part of the said road;

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that &H iolft. the said retpeflive sum and sums of money shall be demanded and taken respectively in the name of or as a toll or tolls j and that the money thereby to be raised and collected at the several gates erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited acts or this act shall and are hereby declared to be vested in the said trustees, subject and liable nevertheless to the payment of the subject w money heretofore borrowed upon the credit of said road, and dill due, amounting to the sum of eleven thousand pounds or for,l,'r|v twr* thereabouts, with interest thereon now or hereafter to grow due ftiii dut, for the fame; and subject also to any further or future sum of tc money that shall or may be raised and borrowed by said trustees ( ami sums for the uses of and towards repairing the said road; and the other mmdf' necessary expences attending the fame; and the said tolls, and that pc""d every part thereof shall be paid, applied, disposed of; and assigned ami applied to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, and in such mA-mtii"' manner; as is herein after and in the said several recited former aa‘-acts mentioned and directed.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the 7 rraf!<-« said trustees, or any seven or more of them, be hereby impowered Sn"VyCj,y by themselves or any person or persons by them or any seven or *llrfls-and more of them under their hands and seals authorized, to levy ’,c'"4 1

the several and respective tolls by this act laid upon any person Vol. XI. 8 P or

jot *Ibe nineteenth And twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

or persons, who shall after demand made thereof at any of the 1779-80. several and respective gates, already erected or to be hereafter Chap. 43. erected by virtue of this act or the former recited acts between Dublin and Navan, neglect or refuse to pay the same, by distress of any horse or horses, or other cattle whatsoever, or goods, upon which such toll or duty is by this act or the recited acts imposed, or upon any of the goods or chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same, and may retain and keep the fame, until such toll with the reasonable charges of such disttaining and detaining shall be paid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons so distraining after the space of four daysafter such distress made and taken to fell the said cattle or goods so distrained, returning the overplus, if any be, upon demand to the owner or owners thereof, after such toll and reasonable charges for distraining and keeping the same shall be deducted and paid.

Eijiences

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted bytheau-MpaidT thority aforesaid, that out of the money and tolls to be collected by virtue of this act, that all such colts and expences, that shall have incurred and become due in procuring and passing this present act, shall be find discharged and paids and from and after the payment thereof that then and from thenceforth the profits arising, and the toll to be collected at any of the turnpikes or gates already erected or to be erected on the said road, leading pat?of the11 from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan as aforesaid; shall rradand«- j^g applied for and towards the compleat and effectual repair of said road, and the other necessary expences attending the fame, intcrcit of raid and then to tire payment and discharge of the interelb of the said ncool. fom of eleven thousand pounds, so advanced by the respective creditors of the said turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, and all arrears thereof, upon the credit of each'creditor Hte to^s established by the said several recited former acts; and that without pre- then and not sooner the profits arising by said toll, and all such discharge in- sum or sums of money as shall be hereafter borrowed upon the ’"'IUt6^cr credit of said tolls and duties, shall and may be distributed and paid impartially and without preference to each creditor towards the discharge of interest proportionably to his or her principal sum so lent or hereafter to be lent and advanced on the credit of said tolls, not to exceed the rate of six pounds sterling by the hundred.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty the said roads leading from the town of Navan to the town of Nobber, and from the said town of Navan to the said town of Kells, in the laid

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

said last and in the said several other former recited acts particularly mentioned, were discontined, and have ever since ceased to be deemed, taken, or tonfidered as publick turnpike roads in any manner whatsoever; and it being now thought expedient and adviseable for the more effectually carrying into execution the several purposes and intentions of the said several former recited acts and of this present act, that the said road, as herein before particularly described, leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, should be made into two divisions: therefore be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said road leading as aforesaid from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan shall be divided into two parts or districts, as follows, that is to say, that so much of the said road, as reaches from Stoncybatter aforesaid to the Black Bull Inn adjoining the turn of the road to Trim, shall hereafter be known and dif-tinjuished by the name of the southern division of the said road; and so much thereof, as reaches from the Black Bull Inn aforesaid, in and to the town of Navan, shall hereafter be distinguislted and known by the name of the northern division of the said road.

IX. And whereas there is a provisoe in the first receited act pass-cd in the third year of his late Majesty king George the second, that in case there should be more than one gate or turnpike in, cross, or on the fide of the said highway or road between the said city of Dublin and the said town of Navan, no person or persons, who should have paid the toll or duty at the first gate or turnpike, through which such person or persons should pass, and who should produce a note or ticket, that the said toll or duty had been paid, should be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the said gates or turnpike upon or on the fide of the said highway or road, who should deliver the said note of ticket to the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the toll or duty at the latter gate or turnpike the fame day: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said clause be repealed, and declared null and void.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hun* drul and eighty every person shall pay the several and respective tolls, herein before particularly mentioned and appointed, at the hrlh gate that he, (lie, or they shall pass through in any one of the said respective divisions > and if he, (lie, or they shall in the lame day travel or pass over more of the said road, than is contained in any one of the said divisions as before described and

mentioned

703

A.D.

1779-80.' Chap. a.3.

v —r-—

Divided into northern and fouihcm.

3 G. 2.V. 19. f. 10. repealed.

Payment at ill gate,

and twice m tlir itov, if more titan in one tlivili-<m passed over.

But once s day In one dirmon.

704 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

mentioned, then and in every such case such person or persons 1779-80. shall pay the said respective tolls and duties twice in the fame day, Chap. 43. jt being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the payment of tolls at any of the gates or toll houses on the

fouthem division shall not be an exemption from the payment of toil in the northern division, and that the payment of tolls at any of tire gates or toll houses on the northern division shall not be an exemption of payment of toll in the fouthem division of said road 5 and that no person or persons after the time aforesaid shall travel over or pass in one and the fame day more of the said road* than is contained in any one of the foregoing divisions, without being compelled or compellable as aforesaid and obliged to pay the said respective toll twice the fame day.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the time aforesaid no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any of the said tolls and duties more than once in the fame day within any one of the said divift. ons of the said road, but that every person having paid the said toll or duty, as hereby laid and imposed, at any one of the gate, erected or to be erected between the city of Dublin and the Black Bull Inn aforesaid, on producing a note or ticket thereof shall be permitted to pass free through all the other several gates with-in the said division any time during the day, in which he has once paid the said toll or duty as aforesaid, or on which the said ticket bears date, and so in like manner every person having paid the said toll or duty at any one of the gates on the said road between the said Black Bull Inn and to the said town of Na-van, called the northern division of said road, shall on producing such ticket be admitted to pass free through all the several gates now or hereafter to be erected within the said division; which said ticket or note the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, at any of the said gates within either or any of the said divisions are to give at the time of payment for the fame gratis.

XII. And whereas' there is a power in the said first recited act of the third year of his said late Majesty for the surveyor or Purveyors, of such persons as he or they shall appoint, to dig, raise, and carry away any gravel, furze, sand, (tones, or other materials in any grounds of any person or persons whatsoever, except as therein excepted, for the purposes therein mentioned, paying to the owner or occupier of such grounds for the value thereof, and making reasonable compensation for any damage done thereby to such owner or occupier; but it has been found,

that

ticket* given gratis.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 765

-that as no penalty is inflicted by the said act for refilling to per- A.D. mit the said materials to be used and carried away for the purposes 1779-80. aforesaid, particularly the digging for and raising gravel; that i'ome Chap. 43. persons have taken advantage thereof and have refused to permit the said trustees or their surveyor to take away the fame for the use of said road, which hath sometimes been attended with inconvenience: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said first: day of August one fhoiifand seven hundred and eighty that any person or periods, Who shall refuse, hinder, or R prevent arty seven or more of the said trustees, or their surveyor entrance to or surveyors, from entring upon any such grounds', as therein described and mentioned, and therein or thereon to dig, raise, tcHals, at bjr gather, take, and carry away any gravel, furze, sand, stones, r. 6.’forfeit9’ or other materials, for the purposes and under the conditions *o1, therein mentioned, such person or persons shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the fumi of twenty pounds, to be levied by distress or sale of the goods of such offender, or of such owner or occupier of such ground or land, by the warrant of any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, in which such offence shall be committed, upon conviction on the oaths of any seven of the said trustees or of their surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid.

XIII. And whereas great part of the road lying between Clo-nee and the Black Bull is in winter seasons overflowed by the river, which runs from the bridge on the Trim road near the Black Bull to the bridge of Mulhuddard, occasioned by the bank which dams in the said river being broken and worn away in several places, and by the bed and fides of said river not being kept dean or open by the owners or occupiers of the lands through which the' said river runs as aforesaid, by means whereof the said: part of the road is greatly damaged, and the gravel swept off the fame, and the road thereby rendered unsafe and dangerous to'travellers: wherefore be it enacted by the autho- p rity aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the fur- inspect the veyor or surveyors, appointed in virtue of the powers and pursuant thereto in the former recited acts and herein contained, and MMuUari, such person or persons as he or they shall, or the said trustees or any seven' or more' of thenV, shall appoint, from time to time to view and inspect the progress of the said river from the Black Bull bridge to the' bridge of Mulhuddard, and for that purpose to enter upon the lands of the several persons, through which the to eMef said river runs, and when and so often as he or they shall find lanJi, the said river Hopped or obstructed, or the bank of said river

Jo 6 1'be nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

broken or likely to fail, or the bed or fides thereof choaked, and 1779-80. wanting to be cleared and emptied, to give notice in writing Chap. 43. un(}er the hand or hands of the said surveyor, or anysevenor more of the said trustees, to all and every or any of the owners owners and or 0CCupiers of the ground, through which the said river runs, and

occupiers no- 1 0 0

tice in 21 'wherever the same shall be so flopped, obstructed, or prevented the riw.Tnd fieety to flow, and want any such cleansing or emptying, or repair banks, wherever the bank and fides thereof shall want such amending, renewing, and repairing as aforesaid, then and in all such cases, and as often as either or any of them shall happen, to cleanse and Icour such part of the bed and fides of the said river, and to repair, renew, and amend the banks thereof, as shall in manner aforesaid need or require the fame, within twenty one days after the service of such notice on such respective owners and occupi-andonne- ers as aforesaid; and in case such owners and occupiers, or any thfLmew them, shall neglect to cleanse and Icour the bed and be done, fides of said river, or to repair, renew, and amend the banks thereof, within the space aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said surveyor or surveyors, or such person or persons as he or they, or the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, to enter upon the fame, and cleanse and scour, or cause to be cleansed and scoured, such part of the bed and fides of the said river, and repair, renew, and amend such parts of the banks thereof, as shall need and require the fame; and in order and upon to reimburse the expence and expences of doing so it shall and

affidavit lew —

tb; expence may be lawful, upon an affidavit made by the said surveyor or warrant1.1' 3 survey°rs> or such person or persons as he or they, or the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, before any justice of the peace of the county, wherein such clcanling or scouring, or amending, renewing, and repairing shall be made and done, of the amount of such respective charges for doing the fame, by the warrant of such justice, which he is hereby authorized and directed to grant, to levy by distress and sale of the goods of such owner or occupier neglecting or omitting to cleanse and scour, or repair, renew, and amend the bed, fides, and banks of the said river, the full amount of such charges, rendering the overplus (if any shall be) to such owner or occu. pier, the charges and costs of taking and making, and disposing of such distress being first deducted.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if Laying an- any person or persons shall from and after the day aforesaid ti°c d,°of- during the continuance of this act lay any turf, dung, rubbish, owners or"'1 straw> or other filth, or the scouring of any ditches or drains, 5 stones,

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. JoJ

(tones, timber, or other annoyances upon the fides, or upon A. O. any part of the said road, or shall scrape the gravel or rubbish 1779-80: off any part thereof, or shall layftraw on the same to make Chap. 43; dung or manure, every such person so offending, and the owner or owners or occupiers of such ground or land adjoining the jj"daaJ[0'^ part or parts of the said road, on which any turf, dung, draw, son’s scrapinS gravel, or rubbish, or the' scouring of any ditch or drain, or any filth, (tone, or timber shall be laid, or any person scraping gravel or rubbish thereof, or lay draw for dung or manure on or clt +c" the fame, shall upon conviction by the oath of one credible witners before any. one justice of the peace for the county, wherein such offence shall be committed (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) forfeit a sum of forty drillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of such . offender, or of such owner or occupier of such ground or land, by the warrant of anyone such justice of the peace in which such offence shall be committed, the same to be paid to the surveyor or surveyors of the said road. Provided that the owners or occupiers of any lands adjoining said road, on which any turf, if an"°y-dung, draw, gravel, or rubbish, or the scouring of any ditch or moved in io drain on the fides of said road, or any filth, (tones, or timber* shall be laid in manner aforesaid, shall not clear away and effectually remove the fame within ten days after such notice for . that purpose given by the said surveyor, or by any written order from any seven or more of said trustees.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, if any per- ti,iu;nB son or persons shall at any time during tire continuance of this act build any house or cottage, or begin to build any such, with- pulled down in thirty feet of the middle or centre of the said load, or any part thereof, it shall and may be lawful in every such case for any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for such county, as any such house or cabbin shall be built or be began to be built on, by warrant under their hands and seals to order and cause the same to be pulled down s and every such person or persons building any such house, or beginning the fame, shall also forfeit a sum of forty shillings, to be levied in like manner forfeited?'1 . as the other penalties herein mentioned are made payable and recoverable.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, break, turap’ikef'&c. pull down, or damage any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, toll house or toll houses, heretofore erected or hereafter to be mm, aoi. creeled by virtue of the said former recited acts or of this act.

or

70$

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 43.

if no dif-trefi, imprisoned not tbove 6, nor undir3

«nonib».

To meet tt Navan%

may id- JOUIOf

20 day* notice*

clerk to ppomt meeting*

trustees to bear their chugci*

The nmtimib and i’wstitieth years of George III.

or shall prevent or obstruct any such gate or gates to be erected, or any such toll house or toll houses to be built, or shall obstruct, hinder, or molest any surveyor, collector, or other officer or person or persons whatsoever employed for that purpose by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, in the performance and execution thereof, each and every person and persons so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county where such offence shall be committed, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and cliattles of every such offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice or under the hands and seals of the justices, before whom such conviction shall be made , and in case the person or persons so offending and being so thereof convicted hath or have no goods or chattles, whereout the fame can be so levied, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices by warrant under his or their hand and leal or hands and seals to commit such offender or offenders to prison in the county, where such offence shall be committed, for any space not exceeding fa months, nor less than three, from the day of such commitment

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall meet at Navan in the county of Meath on the first, eighth, fifteenth, or twenty second day of August next; and that the said trustees may then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there or at any other place or places near the said highway or road, as they the find trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper smi convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for the'putting the said several former acts and this present act into execution. Provided that twenty days at the least notice of each and every meeting and the occasion thereof be polled, as the law requires; and if it shall happen, that there shall appear at any meeting, that shall be appointed to be had or held by the said trustees, i sufficient number of trustees to act at such meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in such case the clerk or nt-gifter of the said trustees by notice in writing, to be affixed at the respective gates or turnpikes at least ten days before the nett meeting, shall appoint the said trustees to meet at the house, where the meeting of the said trustees was Iaft appointed to be held, on that day fortnight, upon which such last meeting of the trustees was appointed to have been held; and that the said truf-

MS

The nlmtmth und twentieth Years of George III. 709

tees at their first and at ‘ all; other meetings shall defray their A.D. own charge?. 1779-80.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^j|Pi43* That, if any snit Shall be commenced against any person or per- Affiow ions for any thing done in pursuance of the said former acts 1CoJn"^fB or of this present act, that in every fitch case the action 01 shall be laid in 'the county of Dublin, or county of Meath, and not elsewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in such defendant, action may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the &c-fame was done in pursuance and authority of the said former act and of this present act; and if the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or disconti.nue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon any demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, and reco?er as any defendant or defendants hath or have, in any other cases in ttcb!,:c<,ft, law.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ruUict That this a.d shall. be deemed, adjudged, and: taken to be a pub- '

lick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without especially pleading the same.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority From ift aforesaid, That from and after the fivft day of August one thou- so'm"?,on8s°‘ sand feve.n hundred and eighty, the several tolls and duties, granted

and made payable in and by t.he said several herein before recited initcxl there-former acts, shall and may cease and end i and the several tolls °f' and duties hereby laid and imposed be front thenceforth payable in their place and stead vespectively.

XXI. And provided also, and be it further enacted by the an- Toll, hr.v-thority aforesaid, That the several tolls and duties hereby granted,

and all other the provi.fi.ons and regulations in the said several recited former aflta (except: as hereby altered) and in this present act con- and in tliii tained, shall take place- and have continuance firqut and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and, eighty, Ausu|11 rSo-for and during the term and space of thirty one years, and nn longer.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several tolls and duties hereby granted and laid 4$ afore- ICfilir of tile said shall he applied in the first place to and for the repairs of the find road, that is to lay, the road leading front the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, and no other, and to the usual u «p?n«iof

710. The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D. -expences of collecting the said tolls, and to and for no other use, 1779-80. intent, or purpose whatsoever, until the said trustees, or any thir-teen or more riiemj shall certify under their hands, that the 'till thir- said roads shall have been compleatly and sufficiently repaired; certify com- and from thenceforth, and not sooner, the said several tolls and pfcatly re- duties shall be applied to the uses and purposes in the said feve-then’toufes ral recited former acts and in this present act provided for con-

in this and . j 1

said acts tained and mentioned*

XXIII. And provided also, and be it further enacted by the

TolU to^ authority aforesaid, That if at any time before the expiration ot

judged by the said term and space of thirty one years, all parts of the said

fidentTynf- roa^ between the city of Dublin and the town of Navan shall

paired, and have been sufficiently amended and repaired, and shall be so ad-loan repaid, , m t.

with intcrcit judged by the majority of the trustees, herein named or ap-and calls. p0inte(J or hereafter to be chosen and appointed by virtue of this act, and if repayment shall have been made of all such money, as shall have been advanced or borrowed on credit of the said tolls or duties, with all interest for the fame; and if all the costs and charges attending the same shall have been paid and satisfied, in such case the said tolls and duties shall cease and be utterly void, ’ any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No toll

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority br"gc!?f'iot aforesaid, That no person shall be subject to pay any toll for any touching on^ cattle or any carriage drawn by any number of horses passing tlia line. over the bridge of Clonee, if such person or cattle or carriages

' drawn as aforesaid, shall not touch on any other part of the said

line of road lying and being between Dublin and Navan aforesaid.

Meeting

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

tollfheldat aforesaid, That all meetings of the trustees for the time being, thcadmiralty, for the purpose of letting or farming the tolls of the said road, or any part thereof, shall be holden at the admiralty court, or some convenient place within the city of Dublin, and not elsewhere; and that all meetings of the said trustees for the purpose of prefer order- fenting or ordering any money, or agreeing for ordering or di-

ing money. _. . r

repairs, or redhng any repairs or expenditure whatsoever on any part of the all«na!ively ^al<^ roac^ Audi holden alternately in succeslion during the con-at Navan and tinuance of this act at Navan and Dublin, and not otherwise; the first meeting after the passing this act to be holden at Navan, and so in rotation as aforesaid; any thing contained in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. jrj r

A. V-

CHAP. XLIV. 1779-80.

jin jilt to amend an Act, entitled, An AHfor making and amending Publick Roads in the County of Dublin, and for regulating, ap-plotting, and levying of Money in the County of the City of Dublin,

WHEREAS notwithstanding the federal regulations and restrictions contained in the said act several frauds and neglects have taken place in the fcveastoboard-

cd can, failure

expenditure of the publick money; to remedy which, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritunl dause*. and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no money shall be presented by the grand jury of the county of Dublin at any term for the making, widening, or repairing any> road or building, or repairing any bridge, arch, gullet, or pipe, unless the affidavits, whereon such preferments are respectively to be grounded, shall be deposited with the secretary of the grand jury on or before the second day of such term.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That instead of the affidavit appointed by the said act to be sworn and laid before the grand jury of said county, before any money shall be presented by such grand jury for the repairing of any road, the following affidavit shall be sworn before any justice of the peace of the county, and shall be laid before the said grand jury

County of 1 A* B, of and C.D. of do severally

Dublin, j each for himself /wear, that he holds, occupies, and is liable to pay cess for ten acres of land in the barony of in the said county, and that they have lately tneafured perches of the road direct, leading from

to which said perches, lie

between and , oil in the said barmy; and that the greater part of the said perches are about perches defiant

from the gravel or quarry, mofi proper and elseSuol in their opinion to repair the fame withand that it will require the sum of to repair the said

perches feet wide with gravel or small fonts, being at

the rate of by the perch, which they verily believe is the leaf said

perches can be effectually repaired for.

8 R 2

And

712 The nineteenth and twentieth Teatr of" George III.

And that indead of the affidavit appointed by the said act to be sworn by the aftfag overseer for the accounting for the expenditure of any money so presented, the following affidavit with an account in the following form shall be sworn before one of the judges, of the court of King’s bench, and shall be allowed by the grand jury,-and by the said court, before any money be paid on account of any preferment made, after this act shall be in force.

County of 7 Whereas, the sum of was presented at term in

Dublin, 5 year for said county, to be, emended in repairing and

making feet wide with gravel or fjnallfonts perches of the

road directly leading from to , which said perches

fie between and all in the barony of in said county,

mt the rate of by the perch: and whereas A.B. and Q. D. were appointeil

Bverfeers of the fame> -AW / the said A* B. of dojwoa.r, that the annexed account is true in every particular, and that / have expended fah]fully and bon fly. the sum of in repairing cjfecluafly the said perches

pursuant to the preferment; which sum, with my wages at pence per pound makes

tn the whole the sum of , and that every part of the said perches is, twenty

one feet.wide at the leaf in the clear, pajfable with, wheel, carriages, within the ditches, drains, gripes, or fences, and is made fxteen feet wide- with, gravel or fanes at the leaf; and that act the said repair was made between, the twenty fifth d/ty of February, and the twenty fifth day of October in the year. and that, thefrapes of the wheels, of

every cart, car, or other carriage employed in the said work were at that time three inches broad frowftde tofide on the file, and were fit on with counter funk tow headed nails or fcitwsamlto.tlKbef.of my judgment every load drawn was at the leaf five hundred weight,'

O. Provided also, That in case the grand jury for said county shall pursuant to she powers* they o.QW have, by lav, or which arc herein after given them, prefect any road to be gravelled to a. greater width than sixteen feet, o.r to be made-wider between the ditches* drains, grips*, and &ace% than twenty one bet* that then the words fifteen and twenty one be omitted in the foregoing affidavit, and the breadth agreeable tp such presentmeat be described therein.

f A.D.

1779-80./ Chap. 44.

Form

a

5the nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 713

A.D.

1779-80.

Form of the Account. Chap- 44-

An account of pounds, presented at term

to h expended in repairing perches of the road from to.

between and

A.B. and C.D. sverfeers.

E. F. overseer of the worht at twelve pence in the pound. on the sum of—

G. H. days per day -

IK. days per day -

L. M. days per day -

cays days each, per day -

one horse carts days each, per day. —

two horse carts drew loads each, per load —

one horse carts drew loads each, per load —

ears drew loads each, per load —

fmitks for fjarpenhtg pick axes -

Total -

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in forming the query bools for the county of Dublin, the clerk of the crown Dull place the queries for the county at large separate, and distinguish the terms they were presented at, calling them up at the foot of each term, and so for each and every barony, and shall on the first day of each term deliver to the grand jury an account of all the queries answered and passed by the court the preceding term, distinguishing the terms they were presented at, keeping those of the county and the several baronies separate.

IV. And for the better and more exactly examining of the treasurer’s accounts, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace of the county of Dublin shall on the first day of each and every term deliver to the grand jury a return of all sums presented by the grand jury at any quarter sessions to be raised on

7*4 72# nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

the county at large lince the last term, and of all queries answered at any quarter

*779*8g. sessions since the lait term, and the query book prepared by him for the next quarter Chap* ij/t.

sessions; and that every sum for the salary of officers! the apprehending or transporting of felons, the supplying the gaols with bread, or for any work done that shall be presented either by the term or quarter sessions grand juries shall remain on the query books, until a receipt for the payment of such sums Audi be produced to the grand jury and the court of King’s bench at the term, or die grand jury and bench of justices at the quarter sessions s and every clerk of the crown and clerk of the peace, who shall neglect to make the returns hereby required, on complaint being made to the court of King’s bench be fined by the said court any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, which shall be e(treated into his Majesty's exchequer.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer of the county of Dublin shall on the first day of each term produce to the grand jury his accounts closed and balanced to that time; and that it shall not be lawful for any grand jury of the said county at any time to present, not for the court to allow, any sum of money to be raised for or towards payment of the salary of the treasurer, unless the grand jury at the preceding term shall have examined into his accounts of the term immediately preceding it, and shall have certified such their examination with their opinion thereupon, figued by twelve of said jurors at the ieaft; any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it may be expedient to afeettain the rate by the acre, beyond which the grand jury shall not at any time be allowed to present: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at each Easter or Michaelmas term in every year the grand jury shall in the first place, before they present any new sum of money to be levied on the county at large or on any barony, represent all such sums, as shall have been presented two years before the said term, upon the county at large, or upon such barony respectively, and shall then remain unaccounted for, and at the foot of the preferments of money to be raised on each barony made at every such term, the proportion which such barony is to pay of the sums presented at said term, and at any quarter sessions held lince the lait presenting term, to be raised on the county at large, shall be stated; and if the total of the money presented at such term to be raised on such barony, together with the sum which such proportion of the

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 715

the county charge shall amount to, shall exceed in the whole the sum of eighteen J)

pence an acre on each acre contained in such barony according to the rule for the 1779-80'. alTcflinent thereof and of said county, specified in the said act, that then it shall Chap. 44. not be lawful for the court to confirm any one barony presentment made at such term for the railing of any money on such barony, but may confirm those made upon die county at large.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall appear to be sworn on the grand juries at every Easter and Michaelmas term after the passing of this act, shall, before he be admitted to take the grand juror's oath, in open court make the affidavit following:

Ton A.B. C. do severally /wear, each for himself that you are seized or possessed of in: estate for life, or lives, or years, of ffty pounds a year at the leaf, or next in remainder or reversott to an ef ate of one hundred pounds a year at leaf, or that you occupy or are liable to pay cess for two hundred acres of land at the leaf, within the county of Dublin, as the case may happen to be.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every estimate to be laid before the grand jury for the building, rebuilding, repairing, or enlarging any bridge, part of a bridge, pipe, gullet, or wall, session house, gaol, work house, or house of correction, the price per perch of the workmanship including labourers, and the price per perch of the lime and of the sand, shall each of them be separately set forth, and not in one sum, together with the distance each material is from the place, where the work is to be executed; and that no money shall be paid by the said treasurer on account of any presentment for the building, rebuilding, repairing, or enlarging, any bridge, part of a bridge, pipe, gullet, or wall, session house, gaol, work house, or house of correction, unless such of the overseers named in such presentment, as shall not have sworn to the expenditure of the money, shall make oath in form following after first reciting the presentment:

/, or We, the other overseer or overseers in the above recited presentment do ftvear, that I or We have car fully examined the said work sworn to have been done or executed, and to the bef of my or ottr opinion the said work is well executed! and I or We do believe, that the sum sworn to have been expended thereon has been faithfully and honesty laid out.

8 S 2 IX. And

716 The&ineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A# D.

IX. And whereas it tmay happen, That one or more of such overseers shall or I779r * may be dead or absent from the kingdom, or prevented by unavoidable necessity or Glljlp. 44* ficicness from attending, be it enacted by die authority aforesaid, That the money, fwornby the acting overseer to have been expended pursuant to presentment cither on a barony or on the county at large, may be paid, notwithstanding the other overseer or overseers shall not have made the affidavits prescribed by this or the said re'rited aft respectively, if it shall appear to the grand jury by affidavit and be allowed by them, that such overseer or overseers have been prevented by absence from the kingdom, unavoidable necessity, or sickness from making the affidavit by law required5 and if any other person, having an estate of freehold of the yearly value of one hundred pounds in said county shall make affidavit in thevfanie form required for such overseer or overseers respectively, omitting the words, die other overseer or overseers in the above recited presentment.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the penalty enacted by the said act against any person riding or driving any horse, beast, or cattle on any foot path, may be recovered by conviction before any justice of the peace for said county, whether he hath an estate of freehold therein or not.

XI. And whereas several persons in different parishes of this county have illegally opposed the collectors of the county ccfs, by which arrears have accrued, that if not provided for the treasurer cannot pay those persons, who are appointed overseers: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every collector fifteen days before the first day of every Easter and Michaelmas terms shall deliver to the minister of every parish, in which, or in any union thereunto belonging, any such arrears shall be due, a list of the names of the persons so in arrear, with the sums due by each of them, and shall make affidavit before a justice of the peace of the county, that he had done every thing in his power to levy the same without effect, being either opposed in the execution of his office, or that lie could not find any distress on the premises to answer the cess; and every minister receiving such lift shall cause a copy thereof to be polled upon the church door, or at some conspicuous place in the parish or union, together with a notice that a vestry will be held on the Tuesday eight days following, and requiring the feveTal persons so in arrear to appear at such vestry, and pay their arrears so due to the church wardens of the parish; and from and after the holding

6 «f

The. nineteenth and twentieth Years o/* Georg'e III.' 717

ef such vestry the church wardens, or any one of them, shall be impowered to call jy

the conliable of the parish and any number of the inhabitants to affill him to levy 1Jjg-80‘ the sums due by distrgfs and sale of the goods and chattles of the person or persons Chap, 44.. so in arrear, together with the sum of one shilling for every diilrefs, they shall be obliged to make, for the conliables trouble; and every church warden shall inline- diately pay over all sums, that he shall so levy, to the collector-, and if the church wardens shall negiefl to levy such arrear and to pay it to the collector, and that it shall so appcaT to the grand jury by the affidavit of the collector, it shall be lawful for such grand jury to present the sum so in arrear to be levied off such parish at large, and shall by the treasurer be added in his warrant to the proportion’, that such parish or union, if any, is to pay of the presentments made at that term; provided that no grand jury shall present any sum as poundage to be paid to any collector for such sums, as shall be levied by any church warden.

XII. And whereat William Bayly, late treasurer of the county of Dublin, did feme time pail flop payment, and became a bankrupt considerably indebted to the county: and whereas the suit at law, which the grand jury have directed to be commenced against his sureties for the' recovery of the sum due by him, cannot be speedily determined, so that several persons, who have upon the credit of the county expended money in executing the publick wot^s, are great sufferers; for their relief be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall make it appear upon oath to the grand jury for the county of Dublin at the next Michael* mas or Halter term after the passing of this act, that they have beforenhe year one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine expended any money in executing any presentment, passed before the said ’William Bayly Hopped payment, and that there still remains due to them the whole or any part thereof, and that they had not received any note, bond, security, or satisfaction for the same, the grand jury shall cause the treasurer of the county to enter an account thereof: and each of the grand juries of the court of King's bench on that and the three next presenting terms shall be impowered to present one fourth of the sum so claimed to be raised off the county at large, which sums when raised shall be paid to khe persons, so proving that they had expended the money; and that whatever sum may be recovered from the said William Bayly, or any of his sureties, shall by the grand jury be applied to the use of some other necessary work in the county, such as it is now presented for by law,

8 T

XULAnd

7 < $ The nineteenth and fvvntSeth Years of George III.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every preferment maJ(

f 779- 80. hefote the said William Bayty (topped payment, and which ha> not been executed Chap. 44. before the passing of this Aact, shall by the court be (truck off the query book.

XIV. And whereas a (bit hath been lately commenced by the order of the grand jury of the said county for recovery of the publick money, which appears to bare been due and in arrear by the said William Bayly at the time of his said failure, which is carrying on in the names of the right honourable Anthony earl of Meath, Robot: Sibthorpe, Gorges Lowther, and John Rawlins, esquires, justices of the peace for the said county of Dublin: and whereas it may hereafter become necessary to commence (bits for recovery of the publiclt money in the name or names of the treasurer or colle&ora of the said county: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case such suit or suits cannot be carried on with effect, and that a verdict, non suit, or judgment shall be awarded against them or any of them in all or any such snit or (bits focommenced, or that shall hereafter be commenced, prosecuted, or defended by foe order and directions of the fail! grand juries under the powers in this or any former act not hereby repealed, it shall and may be lawful for the grand juries of said county at Easter or Michaelmas term to present such colls, as Hull be awarded against them, or any or either of them, that are usually taxed between parly and party, in order that the said Anthony earl of Meath, Robert Sibthaipc, Gorges Lowther, and John Rawlins, and all other person or persons whose names shall be made ufo for the recovery of the publick money as aforesaid, and (heir and each of their respective goods, chattier kinds, tenements, and be. reditaments, shall not be liable thereto, hut shall for ever be freed, exonerated, and discharged from the same: and that it shall not be lawful for them or any of them, their executors, administrators, or assigns to bar or rdeafe any aQion or salt so commenced, or hereafter to be commenced in their name or names for the purposes aforesaid, without the concurrence, order, and dheftioss of the said grand juries at either Easter or Michaelmas terms.

X.V. And wherqasby the £tid act of foe foirteenth.and fourteenth of his present, Majesty, the grand juries of the county, of Dublin in Easter-and Michaelmas term are impowered to present footpaths with in live miles of the city of Dublin: belt further enacted: by the authority aforesaid, that the said power be extended to the presenting for foot paths on the turnpike and other great roads leading diteflly to the city of Dublin, as far as the bounds of the said county.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. fit)

XV-I. And whereas by as act passed In the fifteenth and fix- A.D. teenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, Ah <779' ' all to explain and amend an a3, entitled, An act for paving the freest, lanes, quays, bridges, fqujres, courts, and alleys, within the ,j & 16 city and county of the city of Dublin, and other pnrpofet relative to £',30 the feud city of Dublin, and other places therein particularly mat- ei, tinned, and fir extending ibe provisions of the said all to the baronies of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore, it is amongst other things en* acted, That from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix no person whatsoever carrying out of any house, yard, cellar, court, larie, or alley any coal allies, horse dnng, or any ntbbish whatsoever, shall attempt to lay down the fame in any place mentioned in the said receited act, hut shall have a cart at the door of laid house, yard, cellar, lane, or alley, to load said coal afhesr or rubbish in, and that no' person whatsoever shall be permitted to load or carry aWay such coal ashes, horse dung, or any rnbbish on any low back ear, or otherwise than in 3 cart, under the penalty of ten shillings, to he recovered as other penalties in said- receited act are recoverable i and whereas the said recited part of - the said act hath been found inconvenient: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited part of the said act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this act any person or persons carrying out of any house, yard, cellar, court, prrConscar-lane, or alley any coal allies, horse dung or rubbish, who shall rubhiili'.'h)--attempt to lay down the fame in any place mentioned in the said receited act, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or aft, comviflc-l more wrtttefa at witnesses before any one or more justice or juf- foVcUyjur- trees of the' peace of the said city, shall for every such offence to,lat forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings- and that no person whatsoever shall be permitted to load or carry away any such coal ashes, horse dung, or rubbish otherwise than in a eart or loaded on-cur, which ear shall Ire floored- and inclosed by a boarded frame ^catSd work having the' tail board only moveable, under the like pe-nalty of’ tew shillings to- be recovered in the manner afore- moveable, fard. penalt1'10>'

XVIh And whereas by the said act passed hi the fifteenth, and Ever, sixteenth. years. of the re'igm of his present Majesty the barony of g.\S. c. Donore is included in said act: and whereas the taxes impo&d by said act have been found very grievous to the inhabitants of said a to baronjr barony: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and

8 T 2 every

-7 30 Tfk nineteenth and twentieth Years ^ George III.

A. , B. every chute in said act, which relates to the extending the pro-i 779'®0' visions of said act to the barony of Donore, be hereby repealed, OaM4.

and that the said barony shall be subject to all the fame taxes, alTefTmcns, rules, ,. xtrders, and regulations, and no other, as are contained in this act and in the act -of the thirteenth and fourteenth of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for mining and amending fuilhk reads in the county of Dublin, and far regulating the cjplstting and levying if money in the county of the city ef Dublin; any thing therein cor. -tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to the exonerating the inhabitants of the said barony from the payment of any debt, or any arrears of taxes or assessments, which have bceu incurred by virtue of the said act of the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty.

XIX. And whereas the clause in the above recited act for amending roads in the county of Dublin, impowering the grand jury to appoint an overseer to keep in re. pair and free from illegal nuisances any number of perches not exceeding six hundred, and to present for the fame any sum not exceeding (even pounds ten shillings, has been found of great utility and a saving to the county, though not sufficient fully to answer the end proposed be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the grand jury at>Easter-or Michaelmas term may present any sum not exceeding fifteen pounds, which shall appear by affidavit to the grand jury and to the court of king's bench’to hare been-expended by any such appointed overseer in keeping in

' repair six hundred perches of any such road lying within fix miles of the calil: of 'Dublin.

XX. And whereas on account of the small sums presented annually on the bi-rony of Saint Sepulchre’s it has not been practicable to get persons to collect the county cess-: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons, appointed by the trustees for paving the streets of the city of Dublin to collect the paving tax in said barony, shall and are hereby impowered and required to collect the said cess and arrears, which has or shall be presented by the grand juries of the said county of Dublin on the said barony of Saint Sepulchre, in like manner as the collectors that are appointed by srrand juries for the other baronies of the said county; and if any such collector of the paving tax for the time being Unit neglect or refuse to collect said sums, and to pay the amount of them to the tret-surer of the county of Dublin, on complaint made to the court of Sing’s beach he shall be fined for every such omission or neglect in a sum not exceeding the sum 5 b

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 7 2 x

iodue and in arrear; which fine shall be paid to the treasurer of the county of Dub- A* IX I'm, and be accounted for by him, and applied to the uses for which the original 1779"^®’ preferments on salt! baronies were made; and that the said collector or collectors of the paving tax shall be allowed twelve pence in the pound for his,or their trouble tn collecting the county cess.

XXI. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether’by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for explaining and amending art aB passed in the fifth year of his said Afajefiyt entitled, An act for (retting and efiablifiing publick infirmaries or hospitals in this kingdom) the term grand juries of the county of Dublin are impowered to raise any sum by presentment for the use-of - the Meath hospital, nowthe efhblished publick infirmary or hospital for said county: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the grand juries for said county shall at Easter or Michaelmas term in every year present a sum not exceeding one hundred nor less than fifty pounds to be raised upon find county at large, and paid to the treasurer of said county, to be by him paid over to the treasurer of said infirmary or hospital on his drafts or receipts, which drafts or receipts shall be allowed as vouchers to the said county treasurer in passing his accounts, ami -winch money shall be applied by the governors and governesses of the said hospital or infirmary in providing food, medicines, and other necessaries fur the patients, in repairing the said building and furniture thereof, and in paying the rent of said infirmary or hospital.

XXII. Provided always, That no greater sum than one hundred pounds shall be raised off said county in any one year for the purposes aforesaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And in order to remove any doubts relative to applotments made in the several districts in the said county, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any collectorto demand payment for any county or barony cess without producing the original applotment ligned and fwornto by the appointed applotters, in which shall be specified the several sums, which each person in the parifliordiftriftis applotted to pay; and in case no applotters have been appoint, d, or having been appointed have neglected to make the applotment, the culector fi> il produce the applotment with his own affidavit annexed, as directed by the said act, together with the lull applotment which shall have been made on the parish or dif-irift.

8 U

Vol. XL

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall he lawful for 1779-80. any person or persons of the profession called qualers to make affirmation instead

and fourteenth.of his present Majesty's which affirmations shall express as nearly as possible, mutatis mutandis, the fame words as the several oaths and affidavits required by this and the former act, and if any person, who shall take any oath, or if a quaker make any affirmation, in consequence of or by virtue of this and the said former act, shall forswear himself orherfelf, and shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury or false affirmation, and shall thereof be convicted by due course of Jaw, lie, (he, or they shall incur and suffer the pains and penalties) which by law are enacted against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall le commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every such case the action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months, next-after the faftshallbe committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the said county of Dublin, and not elsewhere,; and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions to be brought shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to.be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act, and if it shall appear.so to have been done, or that such action or suit was brought after the time before limited, or in any other county or place than in the said county of Dublin, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendantsj and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeated, or if on any demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any - defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall ' be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without Jpecially pleading the same, and shall have continuance and be in force from the first day of the next Michaelmas term after the passing of this act: inclusive until the twenty -secondday.of June which will be in the year of our fordone thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and no longer.

CHAP.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for malting, and repairing, and shortening a Road from tie Cross of Callen in the County of Kilkenny through the Town of Mtdlinahone, and by the Ford of Kilmore called Blackfoord and Poorfown to the Town of Clonmell in the County of Tipperary.

WHEREAS the said highway or road is in bad repair and condition: and whereas it would be of publick utility, that the said road should be shortened and widened, effectually mended, and hereafter kept in good and sufficient repair: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the better surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the said road the following persons, namely, the most reverend the archbishop of Cafliell, the earl of Carrick, the bishop of Waterford, lord Clifden, the right honourable John Ponsonby, Joseph Deane esquire, George Agar esquire, Gervaife Bulhe esquire, fir Hercules Langrish baronet, William Izod esquire, Kevan Izod esquire, Walter Butler, esquire, John Butler esquire, right honourable Henry Flood, fir Frederick Flood baronet, honourable Pierce Butler, John Flood esquire, Eland Molfoin esquire, Andrew Caldwell esquire, reverend Thomas Pack, Abraham Stewart esquire, reverend Somerset Brofield, reverend archdeacon Henry Palmer, reverend Arthur Palmer, Anthony Blunt the elder, esquire, John Blunt esquire, reverend Charles Agar, Luke Roche esquire, John Waring of Shipton esquire, Richard Wheeler esquire, Denny Cuffe esquire, Nathaniel Mitchell esquire, reverend Samuel Madden, Joseph Evans of Belevan esquire, Joseph Evans junior of ditto esquire, Henry Blunt esquire, Thomas Butler esquire, reverend Richard Park, Richard Helfham esquire, John Macoune esquire, Mr. Lewis Chapelicr, Abraham White Baker, Patrick Wallh, lord Mountmorris, lord Cahir, Francis Matthew esquire, Henry Prettie esquire, the carl of Clanwilliam, lord viscount Mountcafliell, the right honourable lord Kingsborough, Cornelius 0‘Callaghan esquire the elder, and Cornelius 0‘Cal-laghan the younger, esquire, David Wallh esquire, William Perry esquire, Richard Perry esquire, William Barton esquire, the right honourable John Hely Hutchinson, the right honourable sir William Osborne baronet, Thomas Osborne esquire, the right ho-8 U 3 nourable

723A.D.

1779-80.

724 5TA? nineteenth and twentieth Years o/" George III.

A.D.

mourable fir Henry Cavendish baronet, fir Edward Newenham, 1779-80. knight, the mayor of Clonmell for the time being, Richard Hely ^4^45' Hutchinson esquire, Stephen Moore esquire, Guy Moore Coote esquire, Richard Pennefather esquire, William Pennefathex esquire, fir Cornwallis Maude baronet,-sir William Barker baronet, Thomas Moore esquire, Richard Moore of Chancellorftown esquire, Thomas Chudleigh Moore esquire, John Power esquire, Bury Palliser esquire, Michael Green esquire, John Bagwell of Kilmore esquire, John Bagwell of Belgrove esquire, William Ryall esquire, Phineas Ryall esquire, captain Mitchell, reverend do£tor Joseph Moore, reverend Peter Carey, Thomas Weston esquire, attorney, the reverend James Denny, Hamilton Lowe Butler esquire, John Miles esquire, "William Bagwell esquire, Thomas Clut-terbuck esquire, Christopher Kellet esquire, Thomas Prendergall esquire, Thomas Quin esquire, Robert Serjeant gentleman, Maurice Lowergan gentleman, William Lowergan gentleman, Thomas Lowergan gentleman, Thomas Forest gentleman, Thomas Dobbyn gentleman, Richard Dobbyn gentleman, and William Affop gentleman, and the survivors or survivor of them, shall be and are hereby TrnRcri nominated and appointed trustees of the said road; and they or any nominated, fjvc cr mor(. of them, or such person or persons as they shall autho-5 may craft rize and appoint, shall and may after the first day of August one toll'hmifo11"'1 thousand seven hundred and eighty erect or caui’e to be erefled mol talcs toll one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts of laid highway or road made or to be made, and also a toll house or toll houses, and there shall receive and take the tolls and duties following, before any hotfe, mare,' gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, chair, capriole, wain, cart, car, or other carriage shall be permitted to the toll, pals through the fame, to wit, for every coach, berlin, chariot, caiafty, chaise, or chair drawn by fix horses, geldings, mares, or mules, two shillings; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh,

chaise, or chair drawn by four geldings, mares, or mules, one Shilling and six pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, ca-’lassi, chaise, or chair, drawn by two horses, mares, geldings, asses, or mules, one shilling 5 for every waggon, wain, cart,

or carriage with two wheels drawn by three or more horses, geldings, mares, muies, asses, or beasts of draught, three shillingsj for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage of two wheels drawn 'by two horses, geldings, mares, mules, asses, or beasts of draught, iftxpence:; for every carriage commonly called a chair or chaise or capriole drawn by one horse, gelding, mare, or mule,

six pence.; feu- every cart, car, or other carriage having but one horse

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. '725

horse, mare, gelding, mule, afs, or bead of draught, two pence; A.D. except cars or other carriages ladeq with turf only, and drawn by 1779-80. one horle, gelding, mare, mule, als, or bead of draught, which are Chap. 45. hereby excepted from any of said tolls; for every horse, mare, geld-

ing, mule, or afs, with any person riding thereon, two pence; for every horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing or having any person riding thereon, three halfpence; for every drove or score of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, two shillings and six pence, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler number; for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep, goats, or lambs, one Hulling and three pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or lefffer number; and for every carriage whereon shall be carried or borne any milldone, two shillings and six pence; which said respective sum and sums of money shall be and in demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty, and the fiU'u,ull"s.> money so to be raised as aforesaid is and shall hereby be veiled ]!oj (o in the said trustees, and the fame and every part thereof shall be ufa 1*, paid, applied, disposed of, and assigned to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, and in such manner as is herein after mentioned and directed; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered by themselves, or any person or persons by them, or any five or more of them, under their hands

and seals thereunto authorized to levy the toll or duty hereby or rvfulal Ic-required to be paid upon any person or persons who shall after demand made thereof neglect or refuse to pay the same, by dif- i"s tress of any horse or horses, or other cattle or goods upon which said toll or [duty is by this act imposed, or upon any of the goods and chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same, and may detain and keep the fame until such toll or duty, with the reasonable charges of such distraining and keeping shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons so distraining, after the space of five days after such distress made and taken to fell the goods distrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after such toll, duty, and reasonable charges for distraining and keeping the same shall be deducted and paid.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that out of the first monies arising from the profits of the several turnpikes to be erected pursuant to this act the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first pay and discharge the expence of rlrft tn creating such turnpike or turnpikes, and building such toll house p»y or toll houses, and after such charges and expences shall be fully satisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits

726 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

arising, and the toll to be collected at any of the said turnpikes, 1779-80. shall be applied for and towards the repair of the said road, be-Chap. 45. ginning at the town of Clonmell, and so proceeding from thence to ^ie fai(* town Lallan j and after those purposes shall be road r o' compleated, that from thenceforward the produce of the said QtnmdUo tolls shall be distributed and paid impartially and without pre-°theu to ference to such persons respectively, who shall lend or advance any

creditors sum or sums of money on the credit of the said tolls,

strence.pre

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any

pai&serotln8 Pel'l°n or persons whatsoever owning, renting, or occupying any

avoid toll, land near to any turnpike now erected or hereafter to be erected fore 5 rruf- in pursuance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise per-mure justices mit any Pp-rfon or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, forfeit 10s. passage, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calash, diaife> and ftlef or chair, or capriole, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or driving or drawing any horse, afs, mule, or any sort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and shall be thereof convicted upon oath or oaths of one or more witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any five or moie of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, who are hereby empowered and required to administer such oath, and to hear and determine upon the fame in a summary way, such person or persons shall forfeit and pay to the trustees authorized to put this act in execution the lum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and seal or under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or such justice or justices, tendering the overplus (if any there be) to the owner, the' charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being fill! deducted.

Side gates Erected,

so as no double charge.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to erect one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the highway or road across any way or lane leading out of the said road, and there to receive and -take such toll as is appointed by this act to be taken, so as the fame do not extend to a double charge in case of passing through any other of the turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this act.

( V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that ing appoint the said trustees, or any five or more of them, at the first meet-rereivcrsanj *nS or any ^weeding meetings by writing under their hands

surveyo.'U, Olid

5

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 727

and Zeals shall and may elect, nominate, and appoint one or more A.D. fit person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or col- 1779-80. lectors, of such money in the name of such toll or duty, as shall Chap. 45. be due and payable by virtue of this act; and also one or more ' ~v lit person or persons to be surveyor or surveyors to view the condition of the said highway or road, and to take care that the fame be made, amended, and repaired; and that the money arising and expended by virtue of this act be duly applied, and shall and may from time to time remove such collectors, receivers, and surveyors, of any or either of them, as they shall see occasion, and appoint new ones in case of death or of such removal; and such person or persons, as is or are by this act liable to pay the said loll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the same after die rates aforesaid to the ("aid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said toll or duty in that behalf from time to time appointed as aforesaid for receiving the said toll or duty; and such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, surveyor or surveyors, as aforesaid shall upon oath before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace residing near the highway or road aforesaid, which to account oath such trustees or any five or more of them, or such justice or justices, is and are hereby empowered and required to admi- monthly; or Her on the first Tuesday in every month or oftener, if required, 'Sw'OT during the continuance of this act give in a true, exact, and per- 5.«jnflice* fest account in writing under their respective hands of all monies, ' k ’ ’ which he and they, and every or any of them shall to such time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this act by reason of their respective offices, for which oath no fee or reward shall be taken; and in case any money so received shall remain in their /jlrll>,"s| f or any of their hands, the same shall be paid to the said truf- !c«, or ashy tecs, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons *'°j autliu~ as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall by writing or writings under their hands and seals authorize and empower to receive the same, which shall be disbursed and laid and dif-out in amending the said highway or road, and for the other purposes herein mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this act and not otherwise; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to whom such account shall be given, shall and may out of the money arising out of the said toll or duty make such allowance to the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, for and in consideration of his and their care and pains respectively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to such other person or persons who have been

7 28 the nineteenth and t-ibeniieth years ©/" George III.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 45. v/w

allowance to receivers not above 2cl- annually, to surveyors 2«. a day during employment, to others employed not above 15l. yearly each* on default of lush account or payment removed.

default in’-quiretl and determined at sessions,

on conviction imprison-'edtiil account and payment.

Materials raised in adjoining waste or common without pay-5i'S,

been or shall be assisting in and about procuring the said highway Or road to be made, amended, and repaired, by advancing or laying out any money or otherwise relating thereunto, as to them shall seem good, so as such allowance or allowances to {itch collector or collectors do not annually exceed twenty pounds, and to such ’surveyor or surveyors any sum not exceeding two shillings per day during such time or times as he or they shall te respectively employed in the repair of the said road, and so as such allowance or allowances to any other person or persons, who shall be employed by virtue of this act, does not exceed the sum of fifteen pounds yearly to each person; and in case the said re. ceiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the aforesaid toll or duty, surveyor or surveyors, or any of them, shall not make such account or payment unto such person or persons according to the orders or directions of the said trustees or any five or mots of thfem as aforesaid, that then the said trustees, or any five of them, shall forthwith remove any such receiver, collector, and surveyor; and the said justices of the peace at any special session or meeting of them to be holden for the county in which such receiver, or receivers, collector or collectors, surveyor or surveyors have acted or been employed, and made such default as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required and impowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine of and concerning such default, as well by the confession of the said parties themselves, as by the testimony of one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, which oath they are empowered and required to administer without fee or reward; and if any person or persons shall be convicted thereof by such justices, the said justices shall upon such conviction commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where such offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall have mr.de a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor and surveyors, and such person or persons as he or they shall appoint to dig, raise, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, furze, fund, stones, or other materials out of any waste or common of any parish, town, village, or hamlet in or near which any foundations or ruinous places of the said highway or road do lie, and for want of sufficient gravel, furze, land, stones, or ^tlitr materials there, to dig, gather, raise, take, and carry away tii: fame out of the waste or common of any neighbouring parish,

the' mettenth and twentieth years of ( George III. 729

town; village., or hamlet; without paying any thing for the fame; A.D. and where there is not sufficient of said materials in any com- 1779-80'. inon or waste grounds near adjoining, it shall and may be law- Chap. 4J; ful for them by order of the said trustees, or any five or mote of 'jf^ftifa them, in writing to dig, raise; and gather the fame in the several grounds of any person or persons ilot being built upom not built on, and not being a park, garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted ty'orftr of" walk or walks, or avenue to a house, where any such materials are strustees, or may be found, and from time to time to carry away such and payings* so much thereof, as the said surveyor or surveyors in their respective places shall adjudge necessary for amending and repairing the said highway or roads, paving such rates for such materials to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the same shall be digged, raised, gathered, and carried away, as the trustees, or any five or more of them appointed or to be appointed to put this act in execution, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case any difference between such owner or occupier and the said trustees as to the da-touching the damage aforesaid shall arise, the judge of assize at the next general assizes and general goal delivery to be holden fiics> in such county, where such materials shall be digged, raised, or gathered, and from whence the same shall be carried away, may and shall adjudge, assess, and finally determine the same.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall 'urveyor* and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, and such person or persons as he or they shall appoint, from time to time on to remove and prevent any annoyance or annoyances or any days after part of the said highway or road hereby intended to be made and amended or repaired by filth, dung, allies, rubbish, watercourses, finks, or drains running into the said highway or road, and to cleanse any ditch or watercourse adjoining to the said road, and to cut down, lop, or top any trees or bushes growing on the said highway, or in the hedges or banks immediately adjoining upon the said highway, and to take away and remove the fame, the owner or occupier neglecting to cut down such trees or bushes, or to remove such annoyance or annoyances; for the space of ten days after notice in writing given for that purpose under r:’

the hands of five or more of the said trustees, the charges thereof shalt be reimbursed by such owner or occupiers neglecting to cut down the said trees or bullies, or to remove such other annoyance or annoyances as aforesaid; and if after the removal of Inch annoyance or annoyances any person or persons shall again offend in like kind, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses before one or more justice or Justices of Vol. XI. 8 Y the

73®

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George ID*

A, B* the peace for the said county, where such offence shall be corri^ 1779-S0; matted, which oath the said justices are hereby required to ad-Chap.45. milijfter, and to enquire into and determine upon the said offences in a summary way, shall for every such offence forfeit and tloa of 2d of-' pay unto the said trustees, where such offence shall be committed, mthbefore ten shillings to be levied in manner aforesaid, forfijteii’to05, Vni. And lie. it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it tmiieea, shall and may be lawful to and for the said surveyor or surveyors , by order of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to Drains- make or cause to be made drains through any grounds lying con-pwnds «>n- tiguqus to the said roads, and to erect arches of brick, timber, aidws erefl.- ^on? thereupon, and also to widen any of the narrow parts td and the of "the laid highway or roads by opening, clearing, and laying road widened, the said highway or road any ground of any person or per-the Sround fons lying contiguous to such highway or road, such ground to p°d£be&K- ^-e V*fed in,any. of the ways above mentioned not being built upon, and not being a park, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk fnr^trenciics ,av,enHe to a h°use and also to cause ditches or trenches to be made, made, in such place? as aforesaid, and in such manner, as the said trtjftees, or any five or more of them, shall adjudge necessary, for the better amending and keeping of the said highway or road in good repair, making such reasonable satisfaction to the owner or aUrfatif-1"' occupier of such.ground, which shall be so laid in or unto such damagefor highway or road, or through which any such drain or drains ’ shall be cut, on. which any such arch or arches shall be if an dif ma<k> h)r tlte damages, which he or they shall or may thereby feraice, de-~ fiiftain, as shall be assessed and adjudged by the judge or judges f,manly of the assizes, to be holden next after the same shall be done, or ftffionT* or )ustices of the peace, or the major part of them, at the ’ next general assizes or quarter sessions to be holden for the county in which such ground lies, which shall be laid into the said highway or road, and through which any such drain or drains, ditch o,r ditches, shall be cut or made, or on which such arch or arches /half be. erected or made, or such ground shall be laid into the said roads, in case of any difference concerning the lame, which the said judges of assize, or justices at the quarter sessions are hereby'authorized to hear and determine in a summary way; and if any owner or occupier of any water courses, ditch or ditches, adjoining to the said highway or road, shall neglect or refuse to scour or cleanse such water course or water courses, and to make such ditch or ditches so deep and in such manner, as the surveyor or surveyors shall adjudge, proper and cosivenient, after eight days notice-(hall-be given for that purpose by such surveyor or surveyors, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by him or them,

the nineteenth and twentieth years of Cieorgc lit.

them, to such owner' or occupier, it shall and may be lawful to A.D. and for the surveyor and surveyors to set any man or men at. 1779-80, work to scour and cleanse or make the fame, and by warrant in Chap. 45. writing under the hands and seals of any five or more of the said trustees to levy the charge thereof upon the goods or estates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of such water courses, audits nude ditch or ditches, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods and o°vn«"o"oc-chatdes, tendering the overplus (if any be) to the said owner or 'j^rn"fKr occupier after all charges paid. 8 days notice,

IK. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- ]evi^i feiil, that if any owner or occupier shall find him or herself ag- tich and file, grieved by the said surveyors in making or enlarging such water courses, ditches, or any of them, of or to unnecessary or unreasonable dimensions, or in more inconvenient places, or greater number than shall be necessary, or shall demand or require unreason-

able turns of money for doing the fame, it shall be lawful for such

-_. , Owner or

owner or occupier to complain to the next quarter sessions of the occupier may

peace, to be holden for the county where such cause of complaint

shall arise, giving eight days notice to the said surveyor thereof,

Which court shall have full power and authority to give such relief veyor,

in the premisses, as shall be just; and if such cause of complaint ortothe

shall happen within fourteen days before the holding of such next 2(1, if cause of

quarter sessions, it shall be lawful in like manner to make such within 1+

complaint at the second quarter sessions to be holden in such da>'s'

county, after the cause of such complaint shall arise.

X. And whereas the said highway or road, leading from the said cross of Calian through the town of Muliinahone to the town of Clonmell, may be considerably shortened and made more convenient for travellers, if the fame was carried more straight and in a more direct line: and whereas it will be necessary for that purpose to depart from the line of the present road, and make new lines in different places: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said truf-tecs, or any five or more of them, to ascertain, describe, and let apart such part and proportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the said highway or road, or new line of road, as they the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary for TV road carrying the fame in a more dire ft line, or making any new line or lines fur making a more straight or direct road from the said jlireft Hne town of Muliinahone to the said town of Clonmell: provided nMa to that no part of the said lands so to be set apart be built on, and that the fame be not part of any garden, orchard, yard, planted f<« =i|wi l>>-walk, or avenue to a house, or of any park or paddock for deer, bdnTbuifc

IP

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 45.

trailed may treat with owners for recom-penee,

oh rcfufrtl or disability truilces may issue warrants to fticriffs to return a jury, to inquire the 'valuey

5 days notice of hearing,.

verdict final to trustees Ac owners not* withstanding any incapacity.

Grand juries may present for making or repairings or for any bridge, or payment of ground, or expences,

the nineteenth and twentieth yedrs o/ George fit

or any field inclosed with a stone wall five feet high, made with lime and sand j and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby farther authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the owner or owners, or others interested in the said ground, to be made use of in carrying on the said road straight as aforesaid, for such recompence and satisfaction to be made for the fame out of the tolls and duties arising by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think fit and reasonable; and in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to treat or agree as aforesaid; or through any disability by nonage, coverture, or special limitation in any settlement or settlements, or by reason of any other impediment cannot or otherwise howsoever shall refuse to dispose of their respective interests in such land, as the said trustees; or any five or more of them; shall think convenient for the Shortening the said road, in every such case the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue forth their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county, wherein such ground doth lie, to impannel and return before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, at such time and place within the said county as shall be appointed in such wairant or warrants, (of which day and time for hearing notice is to be given to the party at least five days before) a sufficient jury, who upon their oaths, which said oaths the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer, shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground to be made use of for the said highway or road; and such verdicts or inquisitions, as shall be found and returned by the said jury, ascertaining the value of such ground, shall be final and condulive as well to the said trustees as to the several and respective owners and proprietors of such ground notwithstanding any disability or incapacity whatsoever.

XI. And for as much as the money to be collected by such receipt of the said toll will not at present be sufficient for the speedy repairing of the said highway or road: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the said counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary respectively, if they or if either of the said grand juries shall think proper lo to do, to present any sums of money from time to time for and towards the making or repairing any parts of the said road, or for building any bridge thereupon, or for the payment of any ground that shall be necessary for the making, or widening, or Shortening the said road, or for any expences attending the fame; and the sums lo presented shall be repaid by

tbs

3

'The nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III. 733

the said trustees of the said road out of the tolls of the said road, A.D. till the said sums so presented shall be repaid j which sums so re- 1779-80. paid shall be credited by the succeeding grand jury of the county, Chap. 45. in which such preferment shall be made, to the barony or the county at large, as the case may happen, in case of the future presentment in the said barony or county. of tlw tolls.

XII. And in case the said grand juries, or either of them, jffa;,i cral,a shall not think proper to make such presentment at either of the j"r"*

two next assizes, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that either of two then, and not otherwise, that the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and may, and are hereby empowered from may adieu the time to time by writing under their respective hands and seals HtyWinw-to assign over the said toll or duty hereby granted, or any part borrow' thereof, the costs and charges whereof are to be borne and paid out of such toll or duty, for any term or time during the continuance of this act as a security for any sum or sums of money, by them to be borrowed for that purpose, to such person or persons, or their trustees, as shall advance or lend the fame, to secure the repayment thereof with lawful interest, or less if the fame can be so had, which money borrowed shall be applied and disposed of towards all or any of the purposes by this act mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Nine ir«r-that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any Irlno p-iy nine or more of them, from time to time during the continuance jj "^hc of this present act to make out warrants or orders in writing growing into under their hands, directed to the treasurer or receiver of the said rilt’ tolls, requiring him to pay thereout to the person or persons named

in such warrant or order, their executors, administrators, and aligns, the growing interest of the sum of money mentioned in such warrant or order, as the same shall from time to time become due, until such time as the principal sum mentioned in such warrant or order shall be paid off and discharged at one intire payment, or otherwise: provided, that no warrant or order to be issued to ( the said treasurer or receiver by virtue of this act shall be for above 50l. any greater sum than fifty pounds.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and Transfers, every person or persons, to whom such warrant or order shall be Me given, his, her, or their executors or administrators may by indorsements on such order or orders, or receipts, transfer the

rights and benefit of the sum mentioned in such warrant or warrants, order or orders; which indorsements upon notice to the treasurer or receiver of the said tolls, and an entry or memorial

Vol. XI. 8 Z ' thereof

so totiei,

not gftsr in power of assignor.

Numbered.

After dif-thnrge of interest, and repair of the roady surplus of tolls, when 2 col. applied to pay principal, by drawr 105.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

thereof made in abook to be kept for that purpose, which the said treasurer or receiver shall upon request without charge, fee, or reward make accordingly, and shall on the like request permit to be viewed at reasonable hours without fee of reward, shall entitle the enderfee or assignee, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, to the foie benefit of the sum so transferred or assigned j and that the said warrant or order may in like manner be assigned or transferred by such assignee, his or her executors or administrators, and so toties queries; and that after such alignment- it shall not be in the power of the person or persons, who made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the said assignment, or the sum thereby transferred or assigned, or any part thereof.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the treasurer or receiver- of the said tolls shall arithmetically number all the warrants or orders, which shall be given or delivered out in pursuance of this act, as they shall be delivered out, commencing by number one, and so continuing the numbers until the whole be arithmetically numbered.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, -that the several tolls and duties, hereby made payable shall be applied and paid to and for the purposes herein before mentioned, and also to the discharge of the interest of so much money as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act 5 and that all the surplus of the said tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what shall be sufficient to discharge the said interest and make and repair the said road, shall be applied in discharge of the principal money so borrowed or to be borrowed in the manner herein after, mentioned, viz. that when and as often as such surplus received by the said treasurer or receiver shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds, then the said treasurer or receiver shall cause the number of all the warrants or orders, which shall be issued and delivered out in pursuance of this act, and the sums therein contained, to be written on several tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and sealed up, and put into a box or urn, and well mixed together, and an indifferent person to be appointed by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall publickly between the hours often and twelve in the forenoon of a day, to be by the said trustees or receiver publickly advertised in the Dublin Gazette for that purpose at least twenty days before, in the town of Clonmell draw out of such box or urn as many of the said tickets or pieces of parchment, as the sums therein contained shall amount to the said sum of two hundred

j pounds j

the nineteenth and twentieth yean of George III. 735

pounds; and the person or persons, the number of whose wat- A.D. rant or warrants, order or orders, his, her, or their executors, 1779-80-administrators, or assigns, shall, within twenty days after the said Chap. 45-warrants or orders shall be so drawn, be paid by the said trea-filter or receiver the principal sums to him or them respectively due, with the interest for the fame till paid, and shall upon payment thereof deliver up his or their several and respective warrants or orders to the said treasurer or receiver to be cancelled which he is hereby requited to cancel accordingly; and the interest payable by virtue of such warrants or orders shall cease from the expiration of twenty days, to be counted from the day of drawing said tickets or pieces of parchment.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it Tniflws shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five ^ai^vc'0'1' or more of them, to make any lease or leases of the said tolls for two >«, any term not exceeding two years at the highest rent, that shall applied to be offered for the fame by a solvent- tenant, which said rent (lvall j^s'ur'

be applied to the fame purposes, fqr which the said tolls are herein before and herein after directed t<? be applied.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it. enabled by the authority Adwrtiftd aforesaid, that notice shall be given in the Kilkenny and Cion-. 1 m"ntl’* mell newspapers of the intention to set, and of the time appointed meeting in for such setting, one. month at the ieaft previous to such meet- Ch,""u-ing, and that such meeting for setting the said tolls shall he

had in the town of Clonmell.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, thatseven 7pat,i,;,i parts of the said tolls, or rents shall be laid out on such parts of °"1 r'‘" the said road, as lie in the county of Tipperary, and one

part of the said tolls- or rents, in eight parts to be divided, Avail be 1 put in be laid out on such parts of the same, as lie in- the county of Kilkenny.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all j>iaCcsyr meetings of the trustccs, of the said road Avail be in the town of mcct,"s-Clonmell, Mullinahone, or Callan.

XXI. Provided always, that in case there Aiall be more than Pmducin;. one gate or turnpike in, or across, or on the fide of the said highway or road, no person or persons having paid the toil or gnenoiijaiiie duty at the first gate or turnpike through which such person or persons Avail pass, and producing a note or ticket that the said toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, is and are hereby, required to give gratis, Aiail be liable to pay any toll or duty, at any other of the said gates or turnpikes upon the said highway or road,

' such

73^ Tfe nineteenth and twentieth years of George. JII.

A.D.

fitch person or persons delivering the said note or ticket to the 1779-80. said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said toll or Chap. 45. duty at the latter gate or turnpike the fame day; and no person or persons having occasion to pass the place or places where the 'iiij fame day. toll or duty is taken, who shall return the fame day upon or with the fame horse, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calalh, waggon, cart, carr, or other carriage, shall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the said toll or duty more than once in the fame road.

Giver and

XXII. And for preventing frauds and abuses in the said toll or

t^k'tTo0*' duEy be ena<^e^ by the authority aforesaid, that if any per-

uruid toll for- foil or persons having paid the said toll or duty by this act granted

tMy^oT and made payable, and having such note or ticket, notes or

tickets, as hereby directed, shall give and aifpose of the same to

any person or persons in order to avoid the payment of the said

toll or duty, every such person giving, disposing, or offering, and the person receiving, such note or ticket, notes or tickets, and

being thereof convicted upon the oath of any one or more witness

or witnesses before the said trustees, or'any five or more of them,

or before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the

county where such offence or offences shall be committed,

which oath the said trustees and the said justice or justices are hereby empowered to administer, and to hear and determine the said offences in a summary way, shall respectively forfeit and pay

the sum of ten shillings, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of

as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, rcco.

vered, and disposed of by this act.

Tive triif-

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the

tets may said trustees, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby compound, { . ’ J ‘

empowered, from time to time, as they shall see convenient or

think fit, to compound or agree by the year or otherwise with any person or persons using to travel through the turnpike or turnpikes, now erected or to be erected, with any milch cows,

horse, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or with any coach, berlin,

calash, chaise, chair, waggon, cart, carr, or other carriage, for

payable any sum or b)rns of money to be paid quarterly front time to

quarterly. time, after such agreement shall be made.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, that no per-fromtollf fi>n shall be charged with any of the tolls or duties aforesaid, who shall pass through any of the turnpikes now erected or to be erected by virtue of this act, who shall carry any quantity of stones, gravel, or other materials for making or repairing the said

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 737

said road, or any of the roads in the parishes in which the fame A.D. do lie, or in any of the neighbouring parishes; nor shall any 1779-80. person or persons be chargeable with the said toll or duty for Chap. 45.^ any carts, carrs, or waggons loaden with com in the straw only; nor for any plows, harrows, or other implements of husbandry in order to the using or repairing of the fame in the several parishes which the said highway or road hereby intended to be made or repaired do lie; nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes now erected or to be erected for any horse, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water; or for any poll horse carrying the mail or packet, or for such horse as is or shall be used only to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, carr, or carriage; provided such. horse pass through the said turnpike or turnpikes with such waggon, cart, carr, or carriage; nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horses of soldiers passing, that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, carrs, or other carriages attending them; nor for horses, waggons, carts, carrs, or other carriages travelling with vagrants lent by pafles, or with prisoners transmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the ContinuC(| tolls or duties hereby granted shall take place and have continu-

ance from and after the first day of November one thousand 1780.°'cn' seven hundred and eighty for and during the term of sixty one years.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, that if at any time before the on truf. expiration of the said term of sixty one years all the parts of the said road shall be sufficiently made, amended, and repaired, and repayment, so adjudged by the majority of the trustees, appointed or here- after to be chosen by virtue of this act, by any adjudication made, and after repayment of such sums of money as have or shall have been advanced or borrowed, with interest for the fame, and the colts and charges thereof, then and in such call* the said tolls and duties shall be decreased respectively one half of their present amount payable by virtue of this act; the said reserved moiety to be the other applied towards keeping up and preferring the said road in repair. pair.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that for On wean, the continuing a sufficient number of able persons to be trultecs

for putting in execution all and every the powers in this act con- "tiicra diofcn tained for and during the continuance thereof it shall and may Coumi«," be lawful to and for the said trustees or any five or more of them

Vol. XI.9A upon

'7 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 45.

with like powers.

Fourteen days notice by clerk and treaftirer of board at

upon the death of any of the said trustees, or their removal, of refilling or declining to act in the said trust, from time to time and at all times hereafter during die term aforesaid to elect, nominate, and appoint in the room of such trustee or trustees so deceased, removed, or refilling to act, another fit and able person, or so many more fit and able persons, living in the said county of Tipperary or Kilkenny, to be joined with the said trustees in the execution of all and every the powers in them reposed by virtue of this act; andall and every person and persons so to be chosen trustee or trustees to join in putting this act in execution, as they are herein before qualified to do, shall and may and are hereby empowered to act to all intents and purposes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the said trustees are by this act empowered to do, and so toties guoties as often as occasion shall require.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the clerk and treasurer of the said turnpike shall fourteen days previous to the first day of May in every year during the continu-Snfffevcry ance this act give publick notice by advertisement in the 1st May, Dublin Gazette of a board to be held in the town of Olonmell

3, in the county of Tipperary on the said first day of May between

r the hours of eleven and three o'clock, at which the said trustees

nine trui-9

t«sto«- or any nine or more of them shall and may proceed to examine counts,aC the several accounts of the said turnpike; and the said clerk and du«dkS Pr°" treasurer are hereby authorized and directed to produce their respective books containing entries of the several receipts and payments of money and of all accounts whatsoever relating to the said turnpike; at which board the several creditors of the said turnpike or their agents may register their respective debentures, and settle their several accounts with the said clerk and treasurer, and receive from said trustees such payment of interest or principal, as the funds of the said turnpike will enable the said trustees to make; such payments to be made in such manner and under such restrictions as are already mentioned in this act. if not a

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the "rusteeltfaft trustees or any fifteen or more of them shall meet at Clonmdl th-'cl utT’ °n ^econt^ day of the summer assizes, to be held for the said appoint meet- county of Tipperary, or on the first Tuesday in September one lns’ thousand seven hundred and eighty j and the said trustees may then adjourn themselves and afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places near the said highway or road to be made or repaired, as the said trustees or any five or more of them shall think proper and convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for the putting this act into execution; and if it shall happen, that

there

creditors may register debentures) settle accounts,

and receive interest or principal according to the funds.

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 73 c)

there shall not appear at any meeting, which shall be appointed A.D. to be had or held by the said trustees, a sufficient number of 1779-80. trustees to act at such meeting and to adjourn to any other day. Chap. 45; then and in such case the clerk of the said trustees, by notice in '*v~*"< writing to be affixed at the respective gates or turnpikes at least ten day before the next meeting, shall appoint the said trustees to meet at the house, where the meeting of the said trustees was lad: appointed to be hadj or at some other convenient house near the said road, on that day fortnight upon which such last meet- bar tldr of the trustees was appointed to have been held; and that the said "pcl1' trustees at their first meeting and at all other subsequent meetings shall defray their own charges and expences.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Notniftce rity aforesaid, that no person or persons, appointed or to be to enjoy pU« appointed by this act a trustee or trustees for putting this act in of profit' execution, shall have or accept of any place of profit arising out

of or by reason of the toll or duties by this act laid or granted, but such person or persons shall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy such place of profit of acting as a trustee or trustees.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any Adtiom suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any

thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every such case the action shall be laid in the county of Tipperary or Kilkenny, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such may plead the general issue and give this act and the specialy matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this act j and if it shall appear so to be done, or such action or actions shall be brought in any other county, that the jury shall find for the defendant or may plod defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants Until have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for an£j ]iave the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any trcUe cofis' other cases in law.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Apublick this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

On adjudi of

trustees and

cation of

740 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority 1779-80. aforesaid, that the several tolls and duties hereby granted, and dll other the provisions and regulations herein contained, ance 6^ |jara shall take place and have continuance from and after the said vember 1780. first day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty for and during the term and space of sixty one years, and no longer.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if at any time before the expiration of the said term and space

repayment^ of sixty one years all parts of the said road shall have been iJfcjr* sufficiently amended and repaired, and' shall be lb adjudged by toll to ce’afc. the majority of the trustees appointed, or hereafter to be chosen by virtue of this act, and if repayment shall have been made of such money, as shall have been advanced or borrowed on credit of the said tolls or duties, with all interest for the fame when interest shall be payable, and if all the colls and charges attending the lame shall have been paid and satisfied, in such case the said tolls and duties shall cease and be utterly void, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said persons, herein before appointed trustees for the said roadi shall be also trustees for the old turnpike road leading from Kilkenny to Clonmell through Callen and by Ninemile house, and have full power to act as trustees for the fame, as well and in as full manner as the present trustees for the fame have power to do.

Persont herein appointed shall be trustees for the old turnpike.

CHAP. XLVI.

An act for making and keeping in repair a road to lead from the town of Nenagb in the county of Tipperary to O'Briens bridge in the county of Clare.

WHEREAS it will tend to the advantage of the inhabitants of the adjacent counties to open a direct communication between the town of Nenagli in the county of Tipperary and O'Brien’s bridge in the county of Clare, and to make and keep in repair a road for that purpose: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the first day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty it shall and may be lawful for

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 741

for all those, who are of his Majesty's most honourable privy A.D. council, and all members of parliament resident in the counties 1779-80. of Tipperary, Clare, Limerick, and Kerry respectively, as also Chap. 46. for Anthony Parker senior esquire, Anthony Parker junior esquire, Michael Herd esquire, reverend John Parker clerk, Hugh Dillon Massey esquire, Richard Bourke esquire, James Gorne esquire, Richard White esquire, Jol’eph Henry esquire, Silver Oliver esquire, Sir Henry Hartftonge baronet, the right honourable the speaker, Robert Fitzgerald esquire, Rowland Bateman esquire,

Arthur Haflfett esquire, John Folter esquire, Nicholas Loyd esquire, lord Crosbie, Maurice Coppinger esquire, Nicholas Smith esquire, Richard Fitzgerald esquire, right honourable William Burton, right honourable lord Southwell, major Southwell, James l'oore esquire, Richard Gaffer esquire, Thomas Otway esquire,

Henry Prittie esquire, John Bavley senior esquire, John Bayley junior esquire, reverend Henry Bayley clerk, George Harden esquire, James Freeman esquire, Loftus Otway esquire, Joseph Smith esquire, Lewis Anderson esquire, Samuel Harden esquire,

Ezekiel Tydd esquire, William Smith esquire, Morgan Carroll esquire, John Minett esquire, Gilbert Holmes esquire, reverend Thomas Dawson, Samuel Purdon esquire, Thomas Loyd of Prospect esquire, John Fitzgibbon esquire, Hercules Browning esquire, reverend Richard Murray clerk, reverend Thomas Franklin clerk, reverend Thomas Bourgh clerk, Samuel Dickson esquire, Owen Toller esquire, Dominick Trant esquire, Thomas Smith esquire, John Prcndcrgaft esquire, bishop of Killaloe, John Dwyer esquire, Richard Talbot esquire, Thomas Arthur -esquire,

Christopher Blake esquire, Richard Quin esquire, Wvndham <^uin esquire, Pierce Hunt esquire, Standish Grady of Capper Cullen esquire, Standish Grady of Elton esquire, Thomas Grady esquire, Brook Brazier esquire, George Gough the younger esquire, Sir Nicholas Lawless baronet, Dennis Daly esquire, Dennis Bowes Daly esquire, William Percival esquire, Peter Holmes esquire, who are hereby nominated and appointed trustees of the Paid road, and the survivors of them, as also for those whom they 7 may erect or any seven or more of them shall authorize and appoint, to crcct or cause to be erected one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts of the said highway and road, and also a toll house or toll houses, and there shall receive and take the tolls and duties following, before any horse, mare, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriages shall be permitted to pass through the lame, viz. for every coach, berlin, f t(il]

V o 1.. XI.9B chariot,

'742 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

chariot, calalh, chaise, or chair drawn by fix horses, geldings, 1779-80. or mates, the sum of one Drilling and six pence; and for every Chap. 46. coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, or chair, drawn by any lelfer number of horses, geldings, or mares, than fix and more than two, one shilling; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafli, chaise, or chair, drawn by two horses, geldings, or mares, six pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage with four wheels, not drawing beams or gross timber, the sum of ten pence; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage drawing beams or gross timber the sum of one shilling; for cveiy wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels, drawn by more than two horses, mates, geldings, or oxen, the sum of five Drillings; for every cart or other carriage drawn by two horses, geldings, or mares, the sum of four pence; for every carriage commonly called a chair or chaise with one horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of four pence; for every carr or carriage drawn but by one horse, mare, or gelding, the sum of one penny, excepting can s loaden with turf, and for each of them one halfpenny; and for any horse or other cattle loaden with turf, not drawing, one halfpenny > for every other horse, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, loaden or unloaden, and not drawing, one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of one shilling and eight pence per score, and so in proportion for any greater or lelfer number; for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep, or lambs, the sum of five pence per score, and so in proportion toil vetted any greater or lelfer number j which laid respective sum and in t.niUci, sums of money Diall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty; and the money so to be raised as aforesaid is and shall hereby be vested in the said trustees; and the fame and applied to every part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed, and " cr"’ alligned to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, and in such manner, as is herein after mentioned and directed; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them are hereby impowered by themselves, or any person or persons by them, or any seven or more of them under their hands and seals thereunto distreisf by authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any person or persons, who shall after demand made thereof neglect or refuse to pay the same, by distress of any horse or horses, or other cattle or goods, upon which such toll or duty is by this act imposed, or upon any of the goods and chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same, and may detain and liii plvmcot keep the fame, till such toll or duty with reasonable charges of ill. charges, such distraining and keeping shall be paid; and it shall and may

5 bc

The nineteenth and i-wehtieth years of George III. 743

he lawful to and for the person or persons so distraining, after the A.D. space of five days after such distress made and taken, to fell the 1779-80. goods distrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand Chap. 46. to the owner thereof, after such toll, duty, and reasonable charges for distraining and keeping the same shall be d. eluded astir j >k>s-and paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 7Tlu;<;, out of the first money arising from the profits of the several fini to 1 &y_ turnpikes to be erected the said trustees, or any seven or more pmm,inSl]i« of them, shall first pay and discharge the expence of procuring (j^Q1 this act of parliament, and of erecting such turnpike or turn- pike., pikes, or building such toll house or toll houses; and from and after such charges and expences shall be ful’y satisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits arising and the toll to be collected at any turnpike or turnpikes,- to be errded or set up on the said road to lead from the said town of Ncnagh in the county of Tipperary to O'Brien’s bridge in the county of iWn» «-Clare, shall be applied for and towards the amending and repairing of the said road only.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Pcimittine if any person or persons whatsoever owning, renting, or occu- p«nv > pying any lands near unto any gate or turnpike to be erected in forfc:t "c’,. pursuance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise permit any person or persons whatsoever to pais through any gate, passage, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calalli, chaiic, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, cart, or other carriage, or ruling or driving any horse, mule, afs, or any other fort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and shall be thereof convicted upon oath of one or more witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence or offences shall he committed, who are hereby impowered and required to administer such oath, such person or persons shall forfeit and pay to the trustees authorized to put this act in execution the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and leal or under the hands and fsals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or liich justice or justices, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner, the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being first dedtided.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that s.j it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to ered one or more gate or gates, tm n-

pike

744

A.D. 1779.80. Chap. 46. k/yv

so as no double charge.

7 Trustees at meeting Hi all deft officers,

remove and appoint others,

receivers to account on oath ill Tuef-day monthly, or oftener if required,

surplus paid to trulices or their order,

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

pike or turnpikes, on the fide of the highway or road across any lane or way leading out of the said road, and to build one or more toll house or toll houses, and there to receive and take such toll as is appointed by this ail: to be taken, so as the fame do not extend to a double charge in case of pairing through any of the other turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this act from the road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperaiv to O'Brien’s bridge in the county of Clare.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at their first meeting, or any succeeding meeting, by writing under their hands and seals shall and may elect, nominate, and appoint one fit person to be treasurer, and one fit person to be clerk, and one or more fit person or persons to be receiver or receivers, col-ledtor or collectors, of such money in the name of such toll or duty, as shall be due and payable by virtue of this act; and alto one or more fit person or persons to be surveyor or surveyors to see the condition of the said highway or road, and to lee that the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money arising and expended by virtue of this act be duly applied, and from time to time to remove such treasurer or clerk, collectors, receivers, and surveyors, or any or either of them, as they shall Ice occasion, and appoint new ones in case of death or of such removal; and such person or persons, as is or are liable by this act to pay the said toll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the same after the rates aforesaid to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said toll or duty in that behalt from time to time appointed as aforesaid for the receiving the said toll or duty; and such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as aforesaid shall upon oath, if thereto required by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace residing near the highway or road aforesaid (which oath such trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such justice or justices, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer) on the first Tuesday in every month, or oftener if required, during the continuance of this act give in a true, exact, and perfect account, in writing under their respective hands of all monies, which he and they, and every or any of them, shall to such time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this act by reason of their respective offices, for which oath no fee or reward shall be taken; and in case any money lo received shall remain in their or any of their hands, the same shall be paid to the said trustees, or any seven or more

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 745

of them, or to such person or persons as the said trustees or A.D. any seven or more of them shall by any writing or writings 1779-80.' under their hands and seals authorize and impower to receive Chap. 46. the fame, which shall be disbursed and laid out in amending the said highway or road according to the true intent and meaning amending d* of this act, and not otherwilej and the said trustees, or any ’ seven or more of them, to whom such account shall be given, shall and may out of the money arising by the said toll or duty make such allowance to the said treasurer and clerk, receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, and the surveyor and surveyors, for and in consideration of his and their care and pains respectively taken in execution of his and their office and offices, as allowance to them shall seem good j so as such allowance to 'such treasurer, ^""0^0] does not exceed the yearly sum of thirty pounds, and that the yearly, allowance-of such clerk does not exceed the yearly sum of fifteen clerk 15l. pounds, and that the allowance or allowances to such collector coikaort or collectors do not annually exceed fifteen pounds, and to such ‘S'-surveyor or surveyors any sum not exceeding two shillings and fg"cy°rrs six pence per day during such time or times as he or they shall be day wink respectively employed in the repair of the said roads provided cmP|oH* such treasurer shall give sufficient security before the said board security by of trustees for the due execution of his office; and in case the u"turer’ said treasurer, receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the aforesaid toll or duty, or any of them, shall not make such account and payment unto such person and persons according to the orders and directions of the said trustees or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, that then the said justices of the peace at any special sessions or meeting of them to be holden in the county, in which the said treasurer, receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, have acted or been employed, and made such (Icfau|t of default as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required and impow- awount and ered to make enquiry, and finally determine of and concerning spinaUtfcf-such default, as well by the confession of the said parties themselves as by the testimony of one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, which oath they are hereby impowered and required to administer without fee or reward and if any person . on.co"c-

1 ._rtr i*n*Jr tion

or persons shall be convicted thereof by such justices, the said son«i mu justices shall upon such conviction commit the party or parties l"aL'‘ to the common gaol of the county, where such offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he or they shall have made a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid.

V 0 l- XI.9C

46 the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

waste or common* without paying, if not sufficient, by order of truf tees in any grounds* not garden, &c. paying such rate as by trustees ad* Mi«l>

A.D.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that 1779-80. it shall and may be lawful to and for the said surveyor or survey-' Chap. 46. ors, and such person or persons as he or they shall appoint, to dig, raise, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, furze, sand, toy raisema- ft0ne, or other materials out of any waste of common of any adjoining parish,- town, village, or hamlet, in or near which any founder-ous or ruinous places of the said highway or road do lie, and for want of sufficient gravel, furze* sand, stones, or other materials there, to dig, gather, raise, take, and carry away the fame out of any wade or common of any neighbouring parish, town, village or hamlet, without paying any thing for the fame; and where there is not sufficient of any such materials in any common or waste ground near adjoining, it shall and may be lawful for them by order of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to dig, raise, and gather the lame in the feverat grounds of any person or persons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a house, where any such materials are or may be found, and from time to time carry away such and so much thereof, as the said survey or or surveyors shall adjudge neeefiary for the repairing and amending the said highway or road, paying such rates for fitch materials to the owner or occupier of the ground from whence the same shall be digged, raised, gathered, and carried away, as the trustees appointed or to be appointed to put this act in execution, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any difference between such owner or occupier and the said trustees touching the value of the materials and the damage aforesaid, the judges of assize at the next general affixes and general gaol delivery to be holden in the county, where such materials shall be digged, raised, or gathered, and from whence the same shall be carried away, may and shall adjudge, assess, and finally determine the same.

atoy difference deter-Jhinrd at next affixes.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, aiiynmax ^at an^ may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyor prevent or Sj and such person or persons as he or they shall appoint, from

annoyance?, 1 , r t

time to time to remove and prevent annoyances in any part or the said highway or road hereby intended to be made by filth, dung,|f allies, rubbish, watercourses, finks, or drains running into the ditch or wa. feid highway or road, and to cleanse any ditch or water course 'cut or lop adj°ining to the said roads, and to cut, lop, or top any trees or trees or bullies growing in the said highways or in the hedges or banks

arry'awayf adjacent to the said highways, and to take and carry away the owner or fame (the owner or occupier ricgfectine to cut down such trees or

occupier ne- ' i

glecting 10 bUfhtf,

again offending forfeit ics.

Surveyors

widen.

The nineteenth and twentieth year's of George III. 747

bushes, or to remove such other annoyance's; for the space of ten A.D. days after notice in writing given for that purpol’e under the 1779-80. hands of seven of the said trustees) the charges whereof shall be Chap. 46. reimbursed the said surveyor or surveyors by such owners or occu-piers neglecting to cut down the said trees or bullies, or to remove such other annoyances as aforesaid; and if after removing trustees, of any such annoyances any person or persons shall again offend fe'

in like kind, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said county, where such offence shall be committed, shall' for every such offence forfeit and pay unto the said trustees the furn of ten shillings to be levied in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said surveyor or surveyors by order of the said trustees, or any seven or more of drains, them, to cut and make drains through any ground lying contiguous to the said road, and to erect arches of brick, timber, or arc"'^ stone thereupon, and also to widen any of the narrow parts of the said highway or road by opening, clearing, and laying into

the said highway or road any ground of any person or persons the ground

lying contiguous to such highway or road, not being a house,

garden, orchard, planted, walk or avenue to a house, and also and n ajcc

to cause ditches and trenches to be made in such places and in neciraiv such manner as such surveyor or surveyors by order of the said trcl,clln’ trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge necessary, for the better amending and keeping the said highway or road in good repair, making such reasonable satisfaction to the owner or as

occupier of such ground, which shall be so laid in or unto the aJMfed said highway or road, through which any such drain or drains (tuns in case shall be so cut, or on which any such arch or arches shall be made, of dar'rer-‘:e' for the damages which he or they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be allefled and judged by the next going judge or judges of assize, or by the justices of the peace, or the major part of them, at the next general assizes or quarter sessions to be holden for the county, in which such ground shall be laid into the said highway or road, and through which any such drain or drains, ditch or ditches, shall be cut or made, or on which such arch or arches shall be erected or made, or such causeways made, in case of any difference concerning the same; and if any owner or occu- neglect pier of any watercourses, ditch or ditches, adjoining to the said highways or roads, shall negleff or refute to scour or cleanse inch water courses, and to make such ditches so deep and in deepen

such <litcl" s’

74^ The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

such manner, as the surveyor or surveyors shall adjudge proper 1779'8°* and convenient, after ten days notice shall be given for that pur-Chap..46. p0fe by Purveyor or surveyors, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by him or them, to such owner or owners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors to set any man or men to work to fconr, or cleanse, and make the warrantor5 fame, and by warrant in writing under the hands and fealsof tkechuje* any ®ve or more the said trustees to levy the charge thereof upon the goods or estates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of such watercourses, ditch or ditches, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods and chattles, rendering the overplus (if any) to the said owner or occupier, after all charges shall be paid.

IX. And whereas the lands, through which the said intended road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary to 0‘Briens’s bridge in the county of Clare is to run, are the property of several persons, and inasmuch as all just and reasonable satisfaction ought to be made for the land made use of in carrying on said road: be it further enacted by the authority9TVultecs aforesaidl, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trul-

fnay fct apart9J

lands, not tees, or any nine or more or them, to alcertam, defcnbe, and set Slurrying apart such part of the land, lying between said town of Nenagh tlw road in the COunty of Tipperary to 0‘Brien’s bridge in the county of Clare, for carrying on and continuing the said highway or road in a straight and direct line, not being houses, gardens, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as they the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall judge necessary for carrying the fame straight and in a direct line as aforesaid j and the said for m»m* tru^ees> or any n’ine or more of them, are hereby further autho-pence out of rized and impowered to treat and agree with the owners and the tolls, others interested in the said ground, to be made use of in carrying the said road straight as aforesaid, for such recompence and satisfaction to be made for the fame out of the tolls and duties arising by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall think fit and reasonable; and in case any or diMity Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to treat or agree as afore-may issue ’ said, or through: any disability by nonage, coverture, or special sheriffstVrc- limitation in any settlement or settlements, or by reason of any turn a jury to other impediment cannot, or otherwise howsoever refuse to, dif-"rr ' pose of their respective interests in such lands, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall think convenient for making the said road, in every such case the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to ifliic forth

their

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 749

their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county, A.D. wherein such ground doth lie, to impannel and return before the 1779-80. said trustees, or any nine or more of them, at such time and Chap. 46. place within the said county, as shall be appointed in such warrant ' or warrants, a sufficient jury* who upon their oaths, (which said oaths the said trustees, or any nine or more of them) are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground to be made use of for the said highway or road; and such verdicts or inquisitions, as shall be so found and returned by the said jury ascertaining the value of such ground, shall be final and conclusive as well to the said fucIl scr trustees as to the several and respective owners arid proprietors of jj'a conciu-such ground, notwithstanding any disability or incapacity whatsoever.

X. And forasmuch as the money, so to be collect! ed by such receipt of the said toll, will not be at present sufficient for the speedy making or keeping in repair the said highway or road: be

it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said trustees, 15 Truit«» or any fifteen or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby S^fecu-. impowered from time to time, by writing under their respective [°brr°~. hands and seals to assign over the said separate toll or duty here- ed, by granted, or any part thereof (the costs and charges whereof to be borne and paid out of such separate toll or duty) for any term or time during the continuance of this act as a security for any sum or sums of money by them to be borrowed for that purpose, to such person or persons, or their trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the repayment thereof, with lawful interest or lcfs, if the fame can be so had; which said money borrowed shall be applied and disposed of, as the toll or duty is by this act to be applied and disposed of, and to no other use or purpose Whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any payment of fifteen or more of them, from time to time during the continu- j-f. ance of this present act to make out warrants or orders in writ- cW-«i« ing under their hands, directed to the treasurer or receiver of the °n' ply'"cnt' said tolls, requiring him to pay thereout to the person or persons

named in such warrant or order, their executors, administrators, or assigns, the growing interest of the sum of money mentioned in such warrant or order, as the same shall from time to time become due, until such time as the principal sum mentioned in such warrant or order shall be paid off and discharged at one entire payment: provided that no warrant or order to tc issued to ou*rr

applied ac tbctoll.

And order

750

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 46.

Transferable by in* dorfement,

on notice and entry,

so /c/w,-

the nineteenth mid twentieth years of George III.

the said treasurer dr receiver by virtue of this act shall be fot1 any greater sum than fifty pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all arid every person or persons, to whom such warrants or orders shall be given, his, her, or their executors or administrators, may by indorsements on such orders or receipts transfer the right and benefit of the sum mentioned in such warrants or orders j which indorsements upon notice to the treasurer or receiver of the said tolls, and an entry or memorial thereof made in a book to be kept for that purpose* which the said treasurer or receiver shall upon request without charge, fee, or reward make accordingly, and shall upon the like request permit to be viewed at reasonable hours without fee or reward* shall intitle the indorsee or assignee, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns to the foie benefit of the sum so transferred or assigned; and that the said warrant or order may in like manner be assigned or transferred by such assignee, his or her executors or administrators, and so toties quo ties; and that after such assignment it i»wcrof»f anc* may ’n the power of the person or persons, who signor. made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the said assignment or the sum thereby transferred or assigned, or any part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the treasurer or receiver of the said tolls shall arithmetically number all the warrants or orders, which shall be given or delivered out in pursuance of this act, as they shall be delivered out, commencing by number one, and so continuing the numbers till the whole be arithmetically numbered.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the several tolls and duties hereby made payable shall be applied and paid to the discharge of the interest of so much money, as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act, and towards repairing the said road; and that all the surplus of the said tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what shall be fu.fficient to discharge the said interest and repair the said road* shall be applied in discharging the principal money so borrowed in the manner herein after mentioned, viz. that when and as often as such surplus received by the said treasurer or receiver shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds, then the said treasurer or receiver lltall cause the number of all the warrants or orders, which shall be issued and delivered out in pursuance of this act, and the sums therein contained, to be written on several tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and sealed

3 UP

Order*

numbered.

Tolls applied to in-tcrcfl of money borrowed, and io repair of i)ie roady

surplus \vlien Zzo\. to principal, by drawing'.

1 \ "I

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 'j i'

up and put in a box or urn, and well mixed together, and an A.D. indifferent person to be appointed by the said trustees, or any 1779-80. ferai or more of them, shall publicity between the hours of ten Chap. 46 and twelve in the forenoon of a day, to be by the said treasurer or receiver publickly advertised in the Dublin Gazette for the purpose at least twenty days before, at the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary draw out of such box or urn as many of the said tickets or pieces of parchment, as the sums therein contained shall amount to the said lum of two hundred pounds; and the person or persons, the number of whose warrants or orders Hull be so drawn, his or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall, within twenty days after the said warrants or orders shall be draw n as aforesaid, be paid by the said treasurer or receiver the principal sums to him or them respectively due, with interest for the fame till paid, and shall upon payment thereof deliver up his and their several and respective warrants or orders to the said treasurer or receiver to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly; and the interest payable by virtue of such warrant or orders shall cease from the expiration of twenty days, to be accounted from the day of drawing the said tickets or pieces of parchment.

XV. Provided always, that in case there shall be more than p

one gate or turnpike in, across, or on the fide of the said high- lit gie'not ways or roads to lead from the Town of Nenagh in the county jj* jc""y of Tipperary to 0‘Brien’s Bridge in the county of Clare, no per- ii«rinE son or persons having paid the toll or duty at the first gate or returning, turnpike, through which such person or persons shall pass, and famL'dly producing a note or ticket that the said toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, is and are hereby required to give gratis, shall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the gates or turnpikes upon the said highway or road, such person or persons delivering the said note or ticket to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said toll or duty at the latter gate or turnpike the fame day; and no person or persons having occasion to pass the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, who shall return the fame day upon or with the fame horle, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaiic, chair, calalh, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be liable of compellable the fame day to pay the said toll or duty more than once on the said road.

7 51 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

XVI. And for the prevending frauds and abuses in the fail 1779-80. toll or duty be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Chap. 46. that if any person or persons having paid the toll or duty by this Gbfogud act granted and made payable, and having such note or ticket, rilket t8 notes or tickets, as is hereby directed, shall give or dispose of the avoid toll, fame to any other person or persons in order to avoid the pay-respectively. ment ^le ^aic* to^ or duty, every such person giving, dii-posing, or offering, and the persons receiving, such note or notes, ticket or tickets, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, which oath the said truffces and the said justice or justices are hereby impowere'd to administer, shall reflectively forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings to be levied, recovered, and disposed of as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and disposed of by this act. may com"5

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pmmd <piat- that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, may and tcrIy are hereby impowered from time to time, as they shall see convenient or think fit, to compound or agree by the year or otherwise with any person or persons using to travel through the turnpike or turnpikes to be erected with any milch cows, boric, mare, or gelding, als, or mule, or with any coach, berlin, o-lash, chariot, chaise, chair, waggon, cart, car, or any other carriage, for any sum or sums of money to be paid quarterly from time to time after such agreement shall be made.

Exempt

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho-rom 0 ’ rity aforesaid, that no person shall be charged with any of the tolls and duties aforesaid, who shall pass through any of the turnpikes to be erected by this act, who shall carry any quantity of stones, gravel, or other materials for repairing the liiid road or any of the roads in the parishes, in which the fame do lie, or in any of the neighbouring parishes; nor shall any person or persons be chargeable with the said toll or duty for any carts, cars, or waggons loaded with corn in the straw only; nor for any plows, harrows, or any implements of husbandry in order to the using or repairing the fame in the several parishes, in which the said highways or roads hereby intended to be made do lie; nor shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpike or turnpikes to be erected for any horse, marc, or gelding, afs or mule, or other cattle going to water; or for

' The mneteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 753

for any post horse carrying the mail or packet, or for such horse A.D. as is or shall be used only to ride on by the owner or driver of any 1779*®0-waggon, cart, or other carriage; provided such horse pass through the said turnpike or turnpikes with such waggon, cart, or carriage j nor shall any toll or duly be demanded or taken for the horses of soldiers parting, that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, carrj or other carriages attending them; or for horses waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants sent by partes, or with prisoners transmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,_Toll c<m-That the toll or duty hereby granted shall take place and have yem fitm 2a continuance from and after the second day of August in the Ausuft 's°' year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty for and

during the term of forty one years.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That if at any time before the ex- UuiA ad-piration of the said term of forty one years all parts of the said road shall be sufficiently amended and repaired, and lb adjudged by k'rc> the majority of the trustees, appointed or hereafter to he chosen tcreft repaid, by virtue of this act, by an adjudication made, and repayment of such money as shall have been advanced or borrowed with interest for the fame, and the costs and charges thereof, the said tolls and duties shall cease and determine; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 7 mrftca - for the continuing a sufficient number of able persons to be truf- iimval,\n-

tecs for putting in execution all and every of the powers in this act contained for and during the continuance thereof it shall cleft ..dim and may he lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or |,f

more of them, upon the death of any of the said trustees, or their removal, or refilling to act in the said trust, lrom time to ./ ;». time and at all times hereafter during the term aforesaid to cleft, nominate, and appoint in the room of such trustee or l(\ a 1 j7 trustees so deceased, removed, or refusing to act, so many more f.13. fit and able person and persons living in the said county of Tipperary to he joined with the said trustees in the execution of all and every the power and powers in them reposed by virtue of this act; and all and every person or persons so to be chosen trustee or trustees to join in putting this act in execution, as they are herein before qualified to do, shall and may and are hereby impowered to act to all intents and purposes in as full, large, and ample a manner, as the said trustees are by this act impowered to do, and so lolics quoltts as often as occasion shall require.

754 'the nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1779-80. That the said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, shall meet at the town of Nenagh on the first, second,-thirdj -or fourth Mon-Trustees day In the month of August in the year of our lord one thousand Jerald, seven hundred and eighty; and the said trustees shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places near the said highway-or road to be made, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think proper

and convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for the putting if not a this act in execution: and if it shall happen, that there shall clerk shall not appear at any meeting, that shall be appointed to he had or -appoint, held by the said trustees, a sufficient -number of trustees to act at such meeting,-and to adjourn to any other day, then and in such case the clerk of the said trustees by notice-in writing to-be affixed at the respective gates or turnpikes, -where -such numbers of -trustees shall be wanting, at least ten days before the next meeting,r shall appoint the said trustees to meet at the house, where the meeting

of the said. trustees was Iaft appointed to be held, or at some other convenient house near the said road, on that day three weeks, upon which such last meeting of the trustees was appointed to have

licar their been held; and that the said trustees at their first meeting and at -own charges, all other subsequent meetings shall defray their own charges and expences.

No trustee

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-. of profie'aCC thority aforesaid, That no person or persons appointed or to be appointed by-this act a trustee or trustees for putting this act in

execution, -shall have -or accept of any place -of profit arising out

of or -'by reason of - the toll or duty by this act laid or granted,

but such person or persons shall be incapable from the time of accepting.and continuing to.enjoy such place-of profit -of acting a* a trustee.

tiT°fUnder' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

pairing. That no such trustee or trustees shall in his or their own name, or

in the name or names of any other -person or -persons undertake or contract for the repair of the said roads, or any part -of them, whereby any profit may arise to him or them, but that from such time he or they shall cease to be a trustee or trustees; and that any person or persons, that shall undertake or contract for oath of the repairing or amending the said roads or any part of them, fo/thtfper- if required -take an oath before the said trustees respectively) use^and not or any ^even or more which oath they have hereby

fora.truf- power to administer, that he or they do undertake the fame for his or their own use, and not for the life of or in t-rust for any such trustee or trustees whatsoev.er.

Tie nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, That in every such case the aftton shall be laid in the said county of Tipperary, and-not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions to be brought may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or such action or actions shall be brought in any other county, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff shall be uonfuited, or discontinue' his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment shall be given against. the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by-law.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

:CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for amending and making more cjfcQital an Act for repairing the Road leading from ibe Town of Nenagb in the County of Tipperary through the Towns of Birr.and Firbane in the King's County lo Curranaboy Bridge on the Turnpike Road leading to Atblone in the County of Westmcalk, and also for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George ;the second, entitled, sin a3 for repairing the read leading from the tenon of Sough in the county of Tipperary through the tenons of JJirr and Firbane in the King's county to Curranahay bridge on the turnpike road tending to Athlone in the county of Westmeaih, in which a certain number of persons therein particularly named were appointed truUccs for carrying the purposes of said act into execution, with power on vacancies by death or otherwise removed to cleft other trultces in the room of those, who either died or were otherwise removed: And whereas by an act passed in the fcrenteenth and eighteenth years of his pre-

j|£i sent

755

A.D.

1779-80.

C—*—<"* ~aj

Suits for alting laid is Tipperary,

Defendant! may plead general issue.

See.

And have treble colli on nonsuit, &c.

A publick

aa.

Repea’ed by ay 0.3. c. 33.

75 6 The nineteenth and twentieth Yean. o/* George III.

A.D.

sent Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for altering, amending, andmaking'toore ef-1779-8o; fectual an act for repairing the road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of "fP^47* Tipperary through the towns of Birr and Firlane in the King's county to Curranaky bridge on the tumpihe road leading to Athlone in the county of We/lmeath, and-also for other purposes therein mentioned, and whereas a certain number of new trustees were > appointed by virtue of said receited act, and the namesof a great number of the

old trustees under the said recited act of the thirteenth year' of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second omitted to - the number of eighty three: And whereas doubts.have arisen, whether the omitting in the said recited act of the fc-venteenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty the names of those persons who were legally elected trustees under and by virtue of the said recited act of the thirteenth of his said late Majesty* has disqualified them to act as trustees under the said act of the feveuteenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty:

be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the following persons, (that is \o say) Davis Daly of Castle Daly esquire, Owen Mooney esquire, Thomas f Coghlan esquire, Patrick Kelly esquire, Charles Coghlan esquire, Anthony Atkinson esquire, George Armstrong esquire, Archibald Armstrong esquire, captain Andrew Armstrong of Gerry Castle, captain Thomas Armstrong, reverend John Mullock clerk, reverend Dean Handcock clerk, John King, esquire,-Robert Law-der esquire, Richard Woods esquire, Francis Enraght esquire, Owen Enraght esquire, Berclay Clibbom esquire, John Robinson esquire, Thomas Robinson esquire, Joseph Robinfou esquire, Michael Telford esquire, Henry Dmgan esquire, James Jackson esquire, Gilbert Holmes esquire, William Horn esquire, Arthur Judge esquire, Peter Marsh of Ballynamentatn esquire, John Judge esquire, Joseph Heiu derson esquire, Thomas Henderson esquire, Edward Birmingham esquire, Hugh Coo-lahan esquire, Milo Baggot esquire, Daniel Baggot esquire, George Stepney esquire, 'Andrew Armstrong of Clara House esquire, Andrew Armstrong of Clara House, junior, esquire, Edmond Armstrong of Clara House esquire, John Ardell esquire, William Gustavus Adarafon esquire, reverend James Marshall clerk, Michael Connel esquire, Francis Longwonh esquire, Peter Longworth esquire, Richard Mathew esquire, Thomas Kingston esquire, Edmond Branfthwaite Homan esquire, George Homan esquire, reverend Mr* Bayly clerk, John Holmes of Athlone esquire, Richard i Holmes

7‘he nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.' 757 V

Holmes of Bolart esquire, Cuthbert Fethcrftone esquire, George Adamson cf- A D. quire, John Adamson esquire, John Drought esquire, John Drought junior, 1779"^®* esquire, Henry Malone esquire, Maurice O’Connor esquire, Hugh Wray ef- Chap^ 47j quire, Henry Peafly L’Estrange esquire, George Clark esquire, William Brere-ton esquire, John Coghlan esquire, William Gray esquire, captain Dalton, reverend Thomas Apjohn clerk, William Jessof esquire, George JefTop esquire,

William JefTopjunior, esquire, Garret Dillon esquire, Charles Lennon esquire, Richard Homan esquire, William Briggs esquire, Robert Kelly esquire, Daniel Longftaff esquire, reverend doctor Launcelot Lowe clerk, honourable Robert Moore, Borachia Lowe esquire, Thomas Dams esquire, Francis Geoghegan esquire, John Geoghegan esquire, Ulysses North esquire, Charles North esquire, Philip' North esquire, and Edmond L’Estrange esquire, who were defied trustees under the said recited act of the thirteenth year of his late Majesty, shall from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty he deemed to be trustees in said recited act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty sft fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if their names had been particularly set forth and specified in said recited acts of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, any thing contained in the said last recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties and clauses in the said recited acts of the thirteenth of his said late Majesty and the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his said present Majesty contained, (except what are hereby altered) shall be of full force and effect, and shall continue during the continuance of the said recited act of the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his laid present Majesty for the intents and purposes in the said recited acts and herein contained, as if the (ante powers and authorities granted and given by the said acts were herein again repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; any thing in the said former acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without specialljr pleading the same.

9F

CHAP.

75§ nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.

A.D.

1779-80. CHAP. XL VIII.

4» 4b for amending an 43 made in the Thirteenth Year of His late Majesty George the Second, entitled, An 43 for repairing and amending tbcRo ad leading from the Town of Clonmell in the County of Tipperary through the Towns of Clogheen, Mitcbeljlown, and to Doneraile in the County of Cork; and another 43 passed in the twenty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, entitled, 4n 43 fir amending and repairing the fa'ul Road, and for other Purposes,

WHEREAS the said road is in many parts of it in a ruinous condition: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament Tolls in- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the tolls of the except for ^evera^ turnpike gates on the said road shall be encreased one third black cattle over and above the tolls now payable, black cattle and sheep only s years from excepted, for which no encrease tolls shall be paid; the said cn-Jj8pUguft crease tolls to be payable for the term of five years, and no longer, and to commence from the first day of August in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

Tolls ap-

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all tolls respective*6 or rents arising from that part of the said road lying in the county counties, of Tipperary shall be applied to the repairing of such part of the said road, as lies in the said county, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, save only to the payment of the treasurer’s save trea- salary; or of three fourths of the fame, whilst there shall be one whlk'one’for trc‘'furet' only for the entire road in the said two counties; and that the entire the tolls arising in the county of Cork shall be in like manner applied to the repairing of such parts of the said road, as lie in the said county.

Treasurer

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the trea-ratebookT surer shall keep distinct and separate books containing accounts of counties'*0 find tolls' or rents,' and of all transactions, proceedings, and orders relative to the said road; one of the said books to comprehend all matters relative to the said Tipperary road, and the other book to comprehend all matters relative to the said road in the county of Cork.

r&6l. 13s.

IV. And whereas the tolls of the said several gates have been of rent w- fct for two years from the first; day of May one thousand seven

counted for * J

to Tipper.ry, hundred and seventy nine at the yearly rent of two hundred and twenty two pounds fifteen shillings without diferiminating the

rents

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 759

rents payable for such of the said- gates, as lie in the county of A.D. Tipperary: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one 1779-80. hundred and sixty six pounds thirteen shillings of the said rent shall be accounted for to the said county of Tipperary, and the remain- 56l. is. to ing part of the said two hundred and twenty two pounds fifteen Cort-(hillings, being fifty six pounds two shillings, shall be credited to the said county of Cork road.

V. And whereas the tenant of the said gates is willing in Inereafal consideration of the increase of the said tolls, to make a propor- fa;jU' tionable increase in his rent: be it enacted by the authority afore- p"’porl"’"* said, That such increased rent shall be distributed between the.

roads in the said two counties in the proportion above mentioned.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall9tru(!«s and may be lawful to and for any nine or more of the said truf-

tees to make one or more separate lease or leases of the gates on of respective

the said road in the county of Tipperary, and one or more fepa- two years,

rate lease or leases of the gates on the road in the county of^1*

Cork, from and after the first day of May one thousand seven rtnt &»<" M* c- rent tenants,

hundred and eighty one, for any term not exceeding two years,

at the best rent that can be had for the fame from a solvent tenant or tenants, the treasurer of the hid road first giving three months

previous notice-of the time and place of setting; such notice, if it adrenifnl

shall relate to the1 county of Cork gates, to be inserted in some s

respective pa-

JlSWS paper printed in the city or Cork; and if it shall relate to- pen. the county of Tipperary gates, to be inserted in some news paper printed in the town of Clonmell.

VII. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all board* hereafter to be held, and all leases to be made, and all business -whatever to be transacted relative to the said gates and road in the county of Tipperary, shall be held at the following and no other places, the towns of Clonmell, Ardfinan, Clogheen, artd Ballyporecn j and all hoards held and business transacted relative to the said gates and road in any other place shall be null and void to all intents and purposes, any statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas it is necessary to appoint additional tmf- Ai

tees, who reside in or near the line of the said part of the said j *'’

road lying in the county of Tipperary: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the persons herein after mentioned, -shall be and are hereby appointed trustees of the said road, viz. his grace the archblshop of Calhel], the bishop of Waterford, lord Cahir, Francis Mathew and Henry Prittie cAjuircs, the carl of ’ ,\ !9F 2 Clainvil! iam,

j6o The nineteenth and twenteenth Years of George III.

A.D. 1 Clanwilliam, lord viscount Mcuntcalhell, the right honourable 1779-80. iord Kinglborough, Cornelius O’Callaghan the elder and Cor-nelius O’Callaghan the younger esquires, David Wallh esquire, William Perry esquire, Richard Perry esquire, William Barton esquire, the right honourable John Hely Hutchinson, the right honourable sir William Osborne baronet, Thomas Osborne esquire, the right honourable fir Henry Cavendidi baronet, fir Edward Newenham knight, the mayor of Clonmell for the time being, Richard Hely Hutchinson esquire, Stephen Moore esquire, Guy Moore Coote esquire, Richard Pennefather esquire, William Pennefather esquire, fir Cornwallis Maude baronet, sir William Barker baronet, Thomas Moore esquire, Richard Moore of Chan-cellorftown esquire, Thomas Chudleigh Moore esquire, John Power esquire, Bury Palliser esquire, Michael Green esquire, John Bagwell of Kilmore esquire, John Bagwell of Belgrove esquire, William Ryall esquire, Phineas Ryall esquire, captain Mitchell, reverend doctor Joseph Moore, reverend Peter Carey, Thomas Weston esquire, attorney, the reverend James Denny, Hamilton Lowe Butler esquire, John Miles esquire, William Bagwell esquire, Thomas Clutterbuck esquire, Christopher Kellet esquire, Thomas Prendergast esquire, Thomas Quinn esquire, Robert Serjeant gentleman, Maurice Lonergan gentleman, William Lonergan gentleman, Thomas Lonergan gentleman, Thomas Forrest gentleman, Thomas Dobbyn gentleman, Richard Dobbyn gentleman, and William Allfop gentleman.

7 may re-

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the move treafu- treasurer of the said road shall duly attend the meetings of the tending. tr'uftees, and in default thereof, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the trustees of the said road, or any seven of them, at any meeting to remove the treasurer for the time being from being treasurer of the part of the said road in the said county, when he-shall not duly attend as aforesaid.

Of 131l. X. And whereas there remained in the treasurer’s hands on the

tr«dure*m fifth‘day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty the hands ;tK sum of one hundred and thirty one pounds sixteen shillings and 98^ 175.%- one penny halfpenny after all allowances to that day: be it en-pewyroadT a^-ec* ty t*le autl,orlt)r aforesaid, That the sum of ninety eight pounds seventeen shillings, being part of the said sum, shall be applied towards the repair of the said county of Tipperary road, 3*1. 19s. anc* remaining part of the said sum, being thirty two pounds ctrkroad' n*neteen‘fififiinBs and one Penny halfpenny, shall be applied towards the repair of the said county of Cork road.

6

CHAP.

the nineteenth ahi twentieth yean of George QjL 761

A.D.

1779-80.

CHAP. XLIX.

An act for altering, amending, and continuing, and making more ef~ felhtal an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook, which bounds the counties of Cork and ‘tipperary near the foot of Kilworth mountain, and on to Knockboy turnpike gate, and other purposes.

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An ac; for amending and repairing the roads leading from the city of Cork to the brook, which bounds the counties of Cork and ‘Tipperary near the foot of Kilviorth mountain, and from thence to the road leading from the town of Clonmell in the county of Tipperary through the towns of Clogheen, Mitcbeljlown, and to Doneraile in the county of Cork: and whereas the said road is at present in a very bad state and in want of repair, and it is found by experience, that the tolls and duties granted and made payable by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty king George the fc-cond, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook, which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, mar the foot of Kilworth mountain, and for other purposes therein mentioned, have not been sufficient to keep the said road in order and repair; and that notwithstanding the sums already expended the said road is now in a ruinous condition, and it is found expedient to make the several provisions herein after mentioned for the more effectual amending, repairing, and keeping the said road leading from the city of Cork to the brook, which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain in good order and repair: be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that for the better surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the said road leading from the city of Cork to the brook; which hounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain, the persons in the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign named, and none others, be the trustees for putting the said recited acts and this present act in execution; and that the said trustees, or any named in 13 seven or more of them, or such person or persons as they shall

c. 2tj, and

VOL. XI.9G authorize

13& 14 G-

C. 29.

7 G. 2. C.

j6i The nineteenth and twentieth years of George

A.D. authorize or appoint, may after the first day of August one thou-1779-80. sand seven hundred and eighty in lieu of the several tolls and Chap. 49. duties impowered to be raised, levied, or taken in and by the said teofWm- former acts, or any of them, receive and take the tolls and duties and said’afla f°H°wing, before any horse, mare, mule, gelding, cattle, coach, seven, or ’ beriin, chariot, chaile, or chair, capriole, waggon, wain, cart, appoint mjy car, truckle, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pass through take toilful.^ the fame, to wit, for every coach, beriin, chariot, calalh, chaise, offomer, or chair drawn by four horses, geldings, mares, or mules one the toll, shilling and six pence; for every coach, beriin, chariot, calalh, chaise or chair, drawn by two horses, geldings, mares, or mules the sum of one shilling and one penny; for every waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage with two wheels, drawn by one or two horses, geldings, mares, mules, or bullocks, (except carts or carriages drawing turf, corn in Iheaves, and hay to the haggards of persons living adjacent to the said road, and not for sale) the sum of six pence; for every wain, cart, or other carriage, with two wheels, drawn by three or more horses, mares, geldings, mules, or oxen, the sum of one shilling and six pence; for every carriage commonly called a chair, chaile, or capriole, drawn by one horse, mare, mule, or gelding, the sum of six pence; for every car, truckle, or other carriage, drawn by one horse, mare,-rriule, gelding, or bullock, the sum of two pence; for every other horse, mare, or gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, not drawing, the sum of three halfpence; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of one shilling and eight pence per l'core, and so in proportion for any greater or lcfs number; for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep, goats, or lambs, the sum of ten pence per score, and so in proportion for any greater or lei's number; which said respective sum or films of money shall be deemed and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty, any thing in the said former acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the money so to be raised may he by vtScd in the said trustees, or any leven or more of them, vested in the said !r app"vcitrustees, and the fame; and every part thereof may be paid, ap-;,i laid aas, plied, and diipofecl of in mahner and for the fame purposes, as aicas ky the fa;ti former acts is directed, save as herein after mentioned.

Ti-cafurtfr AlK' ke it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the

tii-n tu pay treasurer of the said road may out of the first money, which shall uKr ° be in his hands arising by the tolls and duties aforesaid, first pay and discharge the expences of procuring this act of parliament.

The nineteenth aid twentieth years of Geoi’ge tit; '-j 6 j

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A.D. the tolls or duties hereby granted shall take place and have con- 1779-S0. tinuance from and after the first day of August one thousand Chap. 49-seven hundred and eighty for and during the term of forty one years, and until the end of the next session of parliaments and that all and every powers, authorities, articles, rules, penal- 1780, V' ties, and clauses in the said recited acts of the seventh of his years> late Majesty king George the second and the thirteenth arid fourteenth of his present Majesty contained, except what are hereby and ail altered, shall be of full force and effect, and shall continue and ^fa" be executed, from and after the said first day of August one thou, altered, land seven hundred and eighty for and during the term of forty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, for the intents and purposes in the said acts as herein mentioned, as if the lame powers and authorities granted and given by the said acts were herein again repeated and reenacted in the body of this present act, any thing in the said acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas it is expedient, that the grand jury Of the G . county of Cork shall have power to present a greater yearly sum {or for the treasurer of the said county, than they by the laws now

in lorce are impowered to do, the said county being of a large 'r"r"rr"boi^-extent, and requiring a treasurer very conversant in accounts> sums no«- Inland who can give fecuiity for the large sums necessary to be p-km? raised in that county: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty the grand juiy at the assizes to be held for the said county from time to time shall have power, if they think fit, to make prelenlments in the usual manner for railing any sum not exceeding fifty pounds a year for the trea-ftircr of the said county for the time being, over and above the sums which the grand jury of the said county is impowered by

confirmed

the laws now in force to present for such treasurer, and the at ;i®ws' judges at such affixes shall and may confirm the said presentment.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act,iU<l-and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all ether persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

A publicH

CHAP.

I6 4 A.D.

1779-80.

coro

Turnpike treasurera shall by first October yearly return to clerks of peace copies of every lease, article or agreement of the gates or tolls, and sums received and paid from lath return, with the perches repaired,

Treasurer, not complying with orders herein, or not returning as by 13

& t4 G* 3.

c. 26. fined 2ol.

execution

ordered.

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. CHAP. L.

An act for farther enforcing a due execution of the lavis relative to turnpike roads in this kingdom.

WHEREAS irtany of the turnpike roads in this kingdom have been for several years past much neglected, and are now greatly out of repair: be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the treasurers of the several turnpike roads in this kingdom respectively shall on or before the first day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty deposite with the clerks of the peace of the counties respectively, though which the turnpike roads of this kingdom, or any part thereof is or are carried, true copies of all and every lease and leases, articles and agreements, whereby the turnpike gates or tolls of the said roads respectively are now set or agreed to be set, together with a true account of air sums received and paid on account of the said road, down to the day of depofuing the said account, and shall afterwards return to the said clerks of the peace on or before the first day of October in every year copies of every lease, article, and agreement, that shall be made of the said gates or tolls, or of any of them, together with a true account of the sums that shall be received and paid on account of the said road from the time of making the last return, together with the number of perches of the said road which shall have been repaired from the time aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any treasurer of any turnpike road in this kingdom shall fail to comply with the orders hereby given, or with any of them, or shall hereafter fail to make such returns, as are directed to be made by a statute made in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for enforcing a due execution of the laws relative to turnpike roadt in this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the justices of assize for the said county to examine upon oath the clerk of the peace touching the said returns, and to fine every treasurer neglecting or omitting to make such returns as aforesaid in any sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, and to order execution against the body, goods, and lands of the said treasurer for the said sum.

The nineteenth and twentieth yeats of Geci'gc lit.

III. Provided always, that no such fine shall be imposed for any neglect, that has happened in not complying with the directions of the said statute of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty at any time before the passing of this act; and that where such fine shall be imposed, there shall be no proceeding for the forfeiture of twenty pounds mentioned in the said last mentioned statute.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every such treasurer shall verify upon oath before two magistrates of the county or of one of the counties, through which the said road pafies, which oath the said magistrates are hereby empowered and required to administer, that the said return is a true and just return to the bell of his knowledge and belief; which oath shall be signed by the said treasurer at the foot of the said account, and by the said magistrate.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said clerks of the peace shall carefully keep and preserve the said paper, so to be deposited with them, in their offices respectively; and for every failure or neglect shall be fined by the judge of assize in any sum of money not exceeding twenty pounds, and shall be ordered into execution for the said sum.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the grand jury of every county to call every such treasurer before them, and to examine him upon oath, first fending him to one of the judges to be fwoni, touching the Hate of the said road, and all matters whatsoever relative to the tolls, rents, debts, and credits of the fame; and if it shall appear to the said grand jury by an affidavit to be l’worn before one of the judges of assize for the said county, that any part of the said road is in had repair or condition, and that the money remaining in the treasurer's hands is sufficient for repairing the said part of the said road, or that the rents relcrved for the said tolls will be sufficient for repairing the fame within a certain time, to be ascertained by the said grand jury, that in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said grand jury to make a presentment, that the said treasurer shall within a certain time to be mentioned in such presentment cause to be repaired such parts of the said road, as shall be described in the said presentment; and that in case the judge of aliize shall seal the said presentment, that the said treasurer shall be bound to cause the said road to be repaired pursuant to the said pre-lentment.

Vo I. XI.9H

7S5

A.D. 1779.80. Chap. 50.

Nu line for nnt comply-

ir.tr wall i 3

3 * 26. before this act

;uul wlieiv

fmc<l m> pi O' cccdin^ for the 2d. therein.

Return oti oath before i uiaplhatis.

fiy:uJ*at foot of the account by treasurer and laid ma£if-trite.

J'aper dc-posited kept caiefttlly in the office, or fine 20l. and into execution.

Treasurer fu'orn before a iitdire, examined by G. jury.

On affidavit of pan of the road in bad condition, ami fuf-licient in 'ticalmci’s

hands, or by rents, to repair, present-tucni iortic. 1-fitter to icpair in a certain

time.

faded by lltc judge.

7 66 The nineteenth ami twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if at 1779-80 the next ensuing assizes the query on the said preferment shall not be answered in such a manner as to satisfy the court, that not answered the said work has been done pursuant to the said present-

ncxtalfizcs, t 4

execution ment, it mall and may be lawful to and for the said judge fure" furtiu to order execution against the body, goods, and lands of the sum. said treasurer for the sum mentioned in the said presentijient.

Fines and

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the rums paid several fines which shall be so imposed, and the sums which shall

over to trea- - 1

surer of the be paid by virtue of the said executions, shall be paid over to the turnpike, treasurer of the said turnpike road, and shall be applied towards npphed to t|le rCpair of the same.

repair. 1

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that every

underfuchr such treasurer, against whom any such execution shall be ordered

execution in to iiliie, shall from the time of making such order be incapable

acting ns to act as treasurer of the said turnpike road; and in case he shall terorder,°5l act as treasurer after making the said order, that he shall forfeit every offence, five pounds for every time, that he shall offend in the said office, by civil to be recovered by civil bill at the next assizes for the said county prosecutor. by the first person who will first sue for the same.

X. Provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall Roads ex- extend or be construed to extend to the road from Dublin to

ccpted,

Dunleer, from Dunleer to Dundalk, from Dundalk to Newry and Banbridge, and from Dublin to Kinnegad and Mullingar, or any of them, or the trustees appointed for the fame, or to their proceedings, their treasurer, clerks, or servants, or any of them, nor to any treasurer of a county, or clerk of the peace, for or in reflect of the same.

CHAP. LI.

sin ait for vejling a competent part of the real and personal estates cj the late right honourable Jir Henry Cavendish baronet deceased in trustees for discharging a debt due by the said jir Henry Canendifi to his Majesty, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the late right honourable fir Henry Cavendiflt baronet, deceased, was in the year one thousand leven hundred and fifty six duly appointed cashier and teller of and in his Majesty's treasury and exchequer in Ireland, and continued in the said office until his death, which happened on or about the thirty ' first day of December in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendish was at

The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 767

the time of his death considerably indebted to his Majesty on ac- A.D. count of monies received by him in his said office, and was also 1779-80. indebted to several persons in large sums of money: and whereas Chap. 51. the said fir Henry Cavendish was in his lifetime and at the time of his death seized in fee limple or of the equity of redemption in fee Ample of and in the several towns, lands, grounds, messuages, tenements, and hereditaments, herein after particularly mentioned, and was also seized and possessed of and intitled unto several other lands, herein also after mentioned, by virtue of leases for lives and years, and of other personal property; and being so seized and possessed he duly made and published his last will and testament in writing, bearing date on or about the fifth day of December in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix, and did thereby devise and bequeath his lands and tenements in Great Britain, of which lie was seized in fee Ample, and had a power to dispose, to his eldest son Henry Cavendifli, now the right honourable fir Henry Cavendish, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to his several estates and interests therein, and did thereby also devise and bequeath to his said son, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, all his fee Ample and unsettled estates in the kingdom of Ireland, his leasehold estate and filtered held under the fee of Cloghcr, and all other his real and personal estate and fortune, subject to such legacies as were therein bequeathed, and chargeable also with the following annuities, that is to say, to his wife Catherine lady Cavendish, since deceased, the yearly sum of three hundred pounds, to his son William Cavendifli the yearly sum of two hundred pounds, to his daughter Anne, lady Bradstreet, the yearly sum of fifty pounds, to his daughter Catherine Burroughs the yearly sum of fifty pounds, to his daughter Caroline Quin the yearly sum of fifty pounds, to his filter Elizabeth Cavendish the yearly sum of sixty pounds, respectively during their lives; and did give and bequeath to his son James Cavendish one thousand pounds, which lie had subscribed in his name in the government tontine; and did order and direct, that all his just debts should be paid, and did thereby constitute and appoint his said son Henry Cavendish his foie executor: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendifli proved the said will in his Majesty's court of prerogative and obtained a probate thereof: and whereas a commission issued out of his Majesty's said court of exchequer under the seal thereof, bearing tell the twelfth day of February in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, directed to certain commissioners therein named, impowering them in manner there-

768 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D. 1n mentioned to enquire whether the said fir Henry Cavendish 1779-80. was in his life time and at the time of his death indebted unto Chap.51. his Majesty in any and what sum of money, and whether the fame, or any and what part thereof, then remained due and unpaid to his Majesty: and whereas the said commissioners duly executed and returned the said commission; and by an inquisition indented and taken thereon on Wednesday the twenty fifth day of March in the said eighteenth year of his Majesty's reign it was found, that the' said lir Henry Cavendish deceased was in his life time and at the time of his death indebted to his Majesty in the sum of sixty thousand two hundred and eleven pounds seven shillings and two pence, and that forty three thousand pounds two pence halfpenny thereof then remained due and unpaid to his said Majesty: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendish the son hath since the taking of the said inquisition paid into his Majesty's treasury at different times on account of the said forty three thousand pounds two pence halfpenny the sum of four hundred and ten pounds ten shillings and ten pence farthing, and there now remains due on account of the said debt the sum of forty two thousand five hundred and eighty nine pounds nine shillings and four pence farthing, and no more: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendish deceased was at the time of his death indebted to several persons by mortgage, judgments, and other securities, in several considerable sums of money over and besides the said debt due to the crown: and whereas by indented deed of release or mortgage, bearing date on or about the twenty eighth day of Augustone thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, of three parts made between the right honourable Humphry earl of Lanes-borough of the first part, the right honourable Robert late earl of Belvedere (then lord viscount Bellield) of the second part, and the said late lir Henry Cavendish' of the third part, in considera-‘tion of the sum of five thousand pounds paid by the said fir Henry Cavendish to the said earl of Lanelborough, they the said Humphry earl of Lanelborough and Robert earl of Eclvedere did grant, release, and confirm unto the said fir Henry Cavendish, and his heirs and alligns, all that and those the towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises herein after mentioned, that is to say, Leghegare, LifKialian, Kilbrenan and Quidan, Tir-rellfpafs, Templeoran, and Garreduff, situate, lying, and being in the county of Westmeath, with their appurtenances, subject to a proviso or condition in the said indenture of release contained on payment-of the sum of five thousand pounds, and iu,-tcrcft thereof at the rate of four pounds by the hundred by the

year;

The-nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 7^9

year and for the better securing the payment of the said sum of A.D. five thousand pound and interest the said Robert earl of Belvedere 1779' -executed to the ’said fir Henry Cavendifli a bond, bearing equal date with the said indenture of release, in the sum of ten thousand pounds conditioned for the payment of the said sum of five thousand pounds and the interest thereof as aforesaid, and also executed a warrant of attorney, bearing equal date with the said bond, for confelfing a judgment thereon for the said sum of ten thousand pounds: and whereas John Wilcocks of the city of Dublin banker did in or as of Hillary term one thousand seven hundred and fifty four obtain a judgment in the court of exchequer against the said Robert earl of Belvedere (then lord viscount Bellfield) for the sum of eight thousand pounds debt besides costs; which j udgment was afterwards assigned to the said late fir Henry Cavendifli: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendifli dc-cealed did in or as of Trinity term one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven obtain a judgment in the court of exchequer against the said earl of Belvedere for the sum of two thousand pounds debt besides costs; and the said fir Henry Cavendifli did in or as of Trinity term in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine obtain another judgment in the said court against the said earl for the sum of four thousand pounds debt besides costs; and whereas Richard Robinson enquire in or as of Trinity term in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven obtained a judgment in the said court of exchequer against the said earl of Belvedere for the sum of one thousand pounds debt besides costs, which last mentioned judgment afterwards became veiled in Theophilus Bolton enquire in trull for the said fir Henry Cavendifli: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendifli deceased did in or as of Hilary term one thousand seven hundred and seventy five obtain three separate judgments in the court of king’s bench of Ireland against Richard Robinson esquire, the honourable Richard Rochfort Mervyn, and the honourable Robert Rochfort, all of the city of Dublin, each for the sum of four hundred pounds debt besides costs; and the said fir Henry Cavendifli did as of Hilary term 911c thousand seven hundred and seventy five aforesaid obtain separate judgments in the said court of king’s bench against the said Richard Robinson esquire, the honourable Richard Rochfort, and the honourable Robert Rochfort, each for the sum of four hundred pounds debt besides costs: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendifli deceased did in or as of Ililaiy term one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix obtain separate judgments in the said court of king's bench against Vol. XI. "91 John

"jjd The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

John Clarke of the city of Dublin esquire, Thotrias Gough of 1779-80. the fad city esquire, and John Clarke the younger of the said Chap. 51. chy esquire, each for the sum of three thousand pounds debt besides costs: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendish deceased in or as of Easter term one thousand feveft hundred and seventy fix obtained fepafate judgments in the said court of king’s bench against John Clarke and t’honias Gough both of the city of Dublin each for the sum of three hundred and forty three pounds fifteen shilliiigs and eight pence halfpenny debt besides costs: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendish deceased, did as of Trinity term in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty three obtain a judgment in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland against Frederick Gore of the city of Dublin esquire for the sum of two thousand three hundred and thirty nine pounds eleven shillings and eight pence sterling debt besides costs: and whereas the said fir Henry Cavendish died seized in fee simple, of that piece of ground situate in Kildare street in the county of the city of Dublin, and of the towns, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate in the county of Sligo, herein after mentioned: and whereas several proceedings have been had in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland for recovering the said debt or balance due to the crown: and whereas the expetice and delay attending on such proceedings, must ditninish the said estate of the said fir Henry Cavendish deceased: and whereas it will tend greatly to accelerate the payment of the said debt due to his Majesty and the said other debts of the said fir Henry Cavendish, if the estates and effectS of the said fir Henry Cavendish shall be veiled in trustees in manner herein after mentioned: therefore at the humble Mates and petition and request of the said fir Henry Cavendish, be it en-Sm' cmn a^ct^ ty ^Ie king’s most excellent Majesty by and with the advice d;jh deccafej and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in unite" the this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the missionere of *"ame> tkat a" that piece or parcel of ground in the street called revenue* Kildare street, containing in breadth to the weft fronting Kildare street thirty one feet, and in breadth to the rear to the east thirty one feet, and in depth from front to rear one hundred and twenty six feet, together with a back house or building and offices erected thereon, situate, lying, and being in the county of the city of Dublin, be the said admeasurements or any of them more or less, with liberty of a passage eleven feet wide to Kildare lane leading into St. Patrick's street Weil lane; and also all that piece or parcel of ground in Kildare street aforesaid,

S

The nineteenth and twentieth years t>f (jCOfge 111. 7 71

containing in breadth in the front to Kildare street thirty A.D. feet, in the rear to Kildare lane the like number of thirty feet 1779-80. from front to rear adjoining other ground of the duke of Leinster Chap, j 1. one Hundred and seventy five feet, and from front to rear adjoin- ‘-'"v—» ing the ground on which the house, in which the late fir Henry Cavendifli formerly dwelt, was built, one hundred and seventy five feet three inches, together with one brick house or building and offices erected thereon, both which said houses or buildings and offices were afterwards and at the time of the decease of the late fir Henry Cavendish baronet occupied by the aforesaid fir Henry Cavendish baronet as one dwelling house, situate, lying, and being in the county of the said city of Dublin, be the said admeasurements or any of them more or less, with the appurtenances; and also all that and those the town and lands of Bunowen, Cloonegevagh, otherwise Cloonegavagh, otherwise Cloonegliveragh, Carrow M‘Bryan, Castletown, Eaghtaraha, otherwise Eighteragh, Bugucarane otherwise Bugucarran, Cugu-ligan, otherwise Cugulegan, otherwise Cugubrian, Rundillish, otherwise Runedelish, Rathlee, Carrowpaddin, Lifaghan otherwise Lifkekane, otherwise Lilkane, Cabraghmore, Cugue, and the lands called Old Grange and Mountrevagh, otherwise Mon-revagh, which said lands of Old Grange and Mountrevagh are part and parcel and fubdenominations of the said other lands, or some of them, and also the town and lands of Rathmore, all situate, lying, and being in the county of Sligo, and also the said leasehold premisses in the counties of Dublin and Monaghan, and all and Angular houses, out houses, edifices, buildings, barns, stables, dovecots, gardens, orchards, yards, lands, commons, common of pasture and turbary, tythes, oblations, obven. tions, ways, waters, water courses, bogs, eafcments, liberties, privileges, profits, commodities, emoluments, advantages, hereditaments, and appurtenances whatsoever to the said several towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises or any of them belonging or in any wise appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, issues, and profits thereof, and of every part and parcel thereof, shall from henceforth be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby settled upon and veiled in, his Majesty's chief commissioners of his revenue of excise and customs, and their successors for the time being, freed and discharged, and absolutely ac- rt;ranr;r,i quitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and every of the uses, estates, trusts, and charges in and by the said will of the said late fir Henry Cavendifli limited, created, or de- ailll clared of or concerning the lame, and off, from, and against all im-umiiau.

debts, CCSl

771 The nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

debts, charges and incumbrances, affecting the estate of the said 1779-80. late fir Henry Cavendish, or any part thereof, and off, from. Chap. 51. and against all claims and demands of the said fir Henry Cavendish the son, and of all and every person and persons claiming fir"* the or C'er*v*n5 un(ler them or either of them; but nevertheless upon son, &c. the trusts, and to and for the ends, intents, , and purposes herein trUftThe°"in a^ter cxpieffed and declared of and concerning the same, after. n. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

all those the said several towns, lands, tenements, and hereditaments herein before described and mentioned, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances, and the reversion and revei lions, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, issues, and profits thereof, and of every part and parcel thereof, and also all rent and arrears of rent now due out of the said towns, lands, tenements, and premisses respectVested, tively, shall from and after the passing of this act be settled fuci'rigin or upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby from thenceforth equity of re- settled upon and veiled in, the said chief commissioners of his liable unto!* Majesty's revenue of excise and customs and their successors for the time being to the use of them, the said chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise and customs, and their successors for the time being for ever, subject to such right, title, or equity of redemption as the said premisses are respectively subject or liable unto; but nevertheless upon the trusts and for the intents and purposes herein after expressed and declared of and concerning the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that rents, and all arrears of rent, which are now or shall hereafter be due out veiled'"1*’ ^le respe*vc towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments,

and premises, and also the said several herein before mentioned judgments so respectively entered up at the suit of or alligned to the said late fir Henry Cavendish, shall from henceforth be veiled in, and the same are hereby veiled in, the said chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise and customs, and their fuccel-fors for the time being j but nevertheless upon the trusts and to and for the several intents and purposes herein after expressed and declared of and concerning the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise and

wfcfiVany customs, and their successors for the time being, shall Hand, four in the remain, and continue seized and possessed of the said several estates parcels!'m of inheritance and freehold and chattle interests, hereby vested in them as aforesaid, upon trull that they the said chief commissioners

the nineteenth and twentieth years of George fit 773

of his Majesty's revenue of excise andcustoms, or their A.D. successors for the time being, or any four of them; do and shall 1779-80. with all convenient speed absolutely sell and dispose thereof either Chap. 51: in the whole or Separately and in parcels, or such part or parts thereof as shall be necessary, to rail'e such lura and sums of money as shall be sufficient to defray the expences of passing this act, and the execution of the trull hereby reposed in them, for the most . money or the bell price or prices that can be reasonably had or got for the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that To call in the said chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise mon';ytlu';b'

' J mortgage*

andcustoms, and their successors for the time being, shall Hand audjudi:-seized and possessed of the said several premiles comprized in the said several recited mortgages so assigned to the said late fir Henry Cavendish as aforesaid, and also of and in the said several judgments hereby veiled, and the several sums of money secured respectively thereby, and all interest and cod now due or that shall hereafter grow due thereon respectively, upon trull that they the said chief commissioners and their successors for the time being, or any four of them, do and shall with all convenient speed call in, compell payment of, and receive the several sums of money thereby respectively secured, or assign or dispose thereof to such person or persons, as shall be willing to advance the sums due thereon, thereon respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that F;rfttt,raj.

the said commissioners and their successors for the time being,

or any four of them, shall and do pay, and apply, and dispose

execution of

of the money arising by the sale of the said lands and premiles, i)k' lrul1:-and from the said mortgage or judgments, or otherwise by this act, in manner following; that is to say, in the first place to pay the colls, charges, and expences incident to and attending upon the passing and obtaining of this act, and the execution of the trulls hereby in them reposed; and in the next place to pay ncsl !nto into his Majesty's exchequer the said debt or sum of forty two esciicquer a thousand five hundred and eighty nine pounds nine shillings and ajdty four pence farthing, so remaining due to his Majesty as afore- 9*-said; and then forthwith the said chief commissioners and their then to successors for the time being shall convey and assign the refiduc br and remainder of such of the said ellates, messuages, towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifies, which shall remain unfold, for the purposes aforesaid; and also whatever money may remain after payment of the said debt so due to the Croivn to the said fir Henry Cavendish in trull for and to the Vol. XI. *9K only

7?4 ^}e nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

only use and behoof of such person and persons respectively, and 1779-80. for such estate and estates, and in the same manner arid form, Chap. Ji. as he, they, or any of them would have been intitled to the fame under the will of the late fir Henry Cavendish baronet, in case this act had never been made, and to and for no other ule, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

Till fate

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, in'crest ap-1 t*iat 'n t*le mean t'mej and until such sale or sales can be had, plied in fame and the said principal debts due to the said late fir Henry manner, Cavendish can be levied, that the rents, iiTues, and profits of the said lands and premises, and interest and produce of the' said debts, shall be paid and applied from time to time in the same manner, as is herein directed of and concerning the sums to be raised by the sale of the said premifies.

Receipts

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, by indorsed that the receipt or receipts of the said chief commissioners and uffofficfent their successors for the time being, or any four of them, indorsed discharge. on any deed or deeds of sale of the premiles hereby vested in them, or of any part or parcel thereof, shall be good and sufficient discharges in the law for all such sum and sums of money, as shall be mentioned or expressed in such receipt or receipts respectively; and such purchaser or purchasers shall not be answer-Purchasen or accountable for the application or misapplication of the "u fort'ie mone3r melltioned or to be mentioned in such receipt or receipts, applicatisn, signed by the said trustees or any four of them j and that all and every such sale and sales, as shall be made for the purposes aforesaid by the said trustees, or any four of them, of all or any part of the said several messuages, towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises respectively, hereby vested in them as aforesaid, either by bargain and sale enrolled, or by any other wMapSni conveyance or assurance in the law, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the law to all intents and purposes whatsoever against all persons whatsoever; and that such purchaser and purchasers, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns respectively shall hold and enjoy the said several lands and premises, so by him, her, or them purchased, and every part thereof freed, and absolutely discharged of and from all and every the uses, estates, provisoes, trusts, reversions, limitations, charges, and incumbrances whatsoever, made, committed, of done, by the said fir Henry Cavendish deceased, or his heirs, or any person or persons claiming by, from, or under him, them( or any of them.

The ’nineteenth and twentieth years of George III. 773

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- A.D. rity aforesaid, that in the mean time and until the said towns’ 1779-80. lands, messuages, tenements, and hereditaments hereby directed Chap. 51. to be sold as aforesaid, shall be fold in pursuance of this act, it

shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees or any four mar of them with the consent of the said fir Henry Cavendish, his usual, executors or administrators, to make any demise or lease, demises or leases, of all of any part or parts of the said several freehold present rent., and leasehold premises with the appurtenances thereto respectively belonging for such estate, term, or interest, as the said premises shall have been usually demil'ed or granted; so as that the rent or rents to be reserved on any such demise or lease shall not be less than the present rent or rents payable for or in respect of the said premises; and so as all and every fine and fines, and lints ap-sum and sums of money, to be had or received on the making of any such lease or leases, shall be applied and disposed of for the act» purposes of this act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Tmitcts rity aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees and their successors, or any four of them, from time to lofts, and time, as often as there shall be occasion, to obtain renewals of the ',l' finc" leases of the said lands held under the said archbishop of Dublin

and bishop of Clogher respectively, and pay out of the funds hereby vested in them the fines, which may become payable on such renewals , and that such renewals when obtained shall be and enure to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes aforei laid, and to and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the s,i,8;n authority aforesaid, that this act, or any thing herein contained,

shall not cause an abatement, discontinuance, of suspension of continued, any suit or suits commenced or carried on by or in the name of the said fir Henry Cavendish the son for getting in or recovering of the said several debts or sums of money due or owing to the estate of the late fir Henry Cavendish on or by virtue of the said several herein before recited mortgages or securities, or any of them; but that all and every such suit and suits shall and may be continued, carried on, and prosecuted under the direction of the said trustees and their successors, or any four of them, either in their own names or in the name of the said fir Henry Cavendish, but so nevertheless as that the monies to be recovered in any such suit or suits shall be paid, applied, and disposed of for the purposes of this act.

776 ‘the nineteenth and twentieth years of George III.

A.D.

1779-80. Chap. 51. iyw

Not to fell premises in Monaghan before 6th Atignft* 1784,* unless with content of Hr Hvtry, or other funds not sufficient.

Not answerable for each other,

nor for lots, unless wilftill default,

may reimburse themselves,

A publics

ad,

saying.

XII. Provided always, that the said trustees shall not sell or dispose of the said premises situate and being in the said count)' of Monaghan, or any part thereof, before the sixth day of August in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, unless with the consent of the said fir Henry Cavendifli, his executors or administrators, or unless it shall appear to the said trustees for the time being, that the other funds, veiled under or by virtue of this act, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the said sum of forty two thousand five hundred and eighty nine pounds nine shillings and four pence farthing, and such colts, charges, and expences as aforesaid, without sale of the said premises in the said county of Monaghan.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said chief commissioners and their successors shall not, nor shall any of them, be answerable or accountable for any money to be received by virtue of this act, or under the trulls hereby reposed in them, any otherwise than each person for such sum and sums of money as he shall actually receive; and that no one of them shall be answerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or for the acts, receipts, neglects, or defaults of the other or others of them, but each and every of them for his own acts, receipts, neglects,' or defaults relpe'ctively; neither shall they or any of them be anftverable or accountable for any misfortune, loss, or damage, which may happen in the execution of any of the aforesaid trulls or in relation thereto, unless the same shall happen by or through his or their own wilful defaults respectively; and also that they the said trustees and their successors, or any four of them, shall and may with and out of such monies, as shall come to their respective hands by virtue of the aforesaid trulls, deduct and retain, and reimburse himself and themselves respectively, all colls, charges, damages, and expences, which they, or either, or any of them,"shall or may suffer, sustain, expend, disburse, be at, or be put unto, in the execution of any of the aforesaid trulls.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick act, and all judges are hereby required as such to take notice thereof without specially pleading the same; saving nevertheless to the king’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to all persons claiming under a mortgage, made by the said fir Henry Cavendish deceased, of the said lands in Sligo to certain persons as trustees for colonel Nathaniel Haywood and his family, and also to all persons claiming under a

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. 777

certain other mortgage, made by the said Sir Henry Cavendish A.D. deceased, of the said leasehold interest in the county of Monaghan, 177^-80. to the late George Cockburne esquire, and to all other persons, bodies politick and corporate, their respective heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, other than and except the other creditors, and the annuitants and legatees, of the said Sir Henry Cavendish deceased, and all other persons deriving under the said late Sir Henry Cavendish, all such right, title, estate, and interest, both in law and equity, as they or any of them had, could, might, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of all or any of the said messuages, towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises in or by this act veiled and settled for the purposes aforesaid, as fully to all intents and purposes as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

x.w.t

The End of the ELEVENTH VOLUME.

