STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL., VII.

CONTAINING

From the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years Georg* III. A. D. 1781—2, to the Twenty-fifth Gxohgb III. A. D. 1785, inclusive.

D U B .L I N:

Printed by GEORGE GRIERSON, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1794.

PRINTED AND

PUBLISHED IN ORE/ BRITAIN

CON TENTS

OP THE

SEVENTH VOLUME.

The TweQty-firft and Twenty.fepond Years of GEORGE

III.

CHAP. IX.

' An Ad for regulating Drawbacks and Bounties, preventing t Export of ManufaQuring UtenfUs, except to Great Britain, '	' for encouraging the Import of Organized Silk, and of other

\ Goods from certain Places therein named.	Page I

!

CHAP. XL

An A/i for better fecuring the Liberty of the Subjetf. 7

a	CHAP.

V01.. VII.

Digitized by C^ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XII.

An Aft to revive and amend an Aft faffed in the feventeereth and eighteenth Tears of his preftnt Majcjly's Reign, intituled, An Aft for the further Improvement of the City gf Dublin, in the Manner therein mentioned.	Page *	4

CHAP. XIII.

An I ft for extending the Frov'ftons of an Aft paffed in this Kingdom in the ftxth Tear of the Reign of His prefent Ma-jejly, intituled, An Aft for erecting and eflablifhing PubUck Infirmaries or Hofpitals in this Kingdom.	16

CHAP. XV.

Au Aft for continuing and amending feveral Laws relating to His Mayfly's Revenue, and for the more ejfcftually prevent-ing of Frauds therein, and for fucb other Purpofes as are therein mentioned\	I	7

CHAP. XVL

An Aft for efiahlijhing a Bank, by the Name of the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland•	51

CHAP. XVII.

An A ft for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient P iffages through the fam$, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof.	62

CHAP. XVIII.

An Aft for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nifi Prius in the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, and for making tbe

Procefs



rG'Oogfe^

CONTENTS.

Pnocefs of the Court of Exchequer more effectual againf Psrfons, who being ferved therewith, refufe to appear.

Page 67

CHAP. XIX

An AS for vcjling in his MajeJly, his Heirs and Succefors, certain Premises in the City of Dublin therein mentioned, for the Pupofes of eredlng a' Cu tom-Hrife thereon, with proper Accommodations fuitable to the Trade of the fail City, andfijficieutfor the Code .ion of his Majejlfs Revenue. 69

CHAP. XX.

An Ad for the mors fpee dy and ejfsduai Recovery of the King's Delis.	71

CHAP. XXI.

An Ad for the more effectually preventing the multiplying Votes at Llsdions of Members to ferve in Parliament for Boroughs, where a Right of Voting is vejled in the Proiejlant Inhabitant: in general, or Protrjlaut Inhabitants and others. 80

CHAP- XXIII,

An Ad for repealing fo much of an Ad made in the feventeenih and eighteenth Tears of the Reign of King Charles the fscowl, intituled, An Ad for the true making of all Sorts of Cloth called the Old and Neva Drapery, and the true fearching and fialing thereof by His MajeJly* s A lunger within this Kingdom ; and alfo fo much of an Ad made in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Tears of His MajeJly*s Reign, intituled, An Ad for the better Regulation of the IPbollen Manufadure of this Kingdom, as relate to the New Drapery, Cottons, and Stockings, and for other Purpofes.	88

a z

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXIV.

An ASfor the further Relief of His Majejly's SubjeSs of this Kingdom, prof effing the Popifb Religion.	Page	90

CHAP. XXV.

An AS for the ReTtef of Protejlab Diflcnters, in certain Matters therein contained•

CHAP. XXVI.

An AS for the rendering the Manner of Conforming from the PopifL to the Proteflant Religion, more eafy and expeditious.

96

CHAP. XXVII.

An AS to enable the Governors of any of the Schools founded in this Kingdom, to male Jong Leafes of fuch Lands as have been granted for the Support of the faid Schools, and are fituate in Counties of Cities, arid Counties of Towns.	97

CHAP. XXVIII.

An AS to amend the Laws for the ereSing and regulating

Free Schools.	9*

CHAP. XXIX.

An AS for amending, altering , and continuing an AS, intituled, An AS for regulating the Price and AJfi%e of Breads and pre venting Frauds and Imtoftions in the Sale of Flour and other Articles fold by Weight or Mtafure in the County of Dublin.	ICO

CHAP.

CONTENTS.



CHAP. XXX.

An A3 to remove certain Doubts which have been conceived, concerning the Conftrudion of three fcveral Ads of Parliament paffed in this Kingdom in the Reign of his prefent Mayfly, for granting Annuities to fuch Perfons as Jbould voluntarily fubfcrihe the Sums therein refpedively mentioned.

* Page 105

CHAP. XXXI.

An Ad to enable the Clergy to iffue Procefs or Execution for Debts due for Tythes or Dues under Jive Pounds•	106

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Ad to regulate the Qualification of Perfons appointed to Offices m this Kingdom, wherein two or more Grantees ad under one Grant, Commiffton, or Appointment•	106

CHAP. XXXIV.

i

An Ad for the Relief of Sheriffs from whom Prifoners in Execution for Debt Jball be ref cued in their Removal by Virtue of Writs of Habeas Corpus, in fuch Cafes where the faid Sheriffs Jhall appear to have been guilty of no Negled or Default.	107

CHAP. XX XV.

An Aft far prohibiting the Ufe of Lime in Bleaching, regulating SeaCMaflers of Linens, encouraging the Home Manujafture of Afbes for Bleachers Uje, enlarging and rendering more commodious the Linen HaU tn the City of Dublin, and other Purpofis therein mentioned.	10$

CHAP.

CONTENTS..

CHAP. XXXVI.

An ASi for the bctttr rrgula'ing Cent Trade of tbit Kingdom.	Page	128

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Ad to explain and amend the Ads far the Encouragement of the F.jjheries of thi■ Kingdom, and for promoting the good Ends propofed by find Laws.	129.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Ad for the mere effectual carrying into execution the feveral Laws relating to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Lublin to Mullingar, and for enabling the Trujlee> of faid Road to widen and male more convenient the Approaches from the Town of Ckapelixod to the City cf Dublin, and for > ether Furpofis ; andfor correcting a Mflake in an Ad pajf-ed n the lajl Scfion of Parliament in this Kingdom, intituled, An Ad for making a Turnpike Road from Ncnagh ire the County Tipperary, to O' Brim's Bridge in the County of CLre.	13	x

CHAP. XL.

An Ad for reviving, continuing, and amending fiveral ttm* porary Statutes.	140

CHAP. XLII.

An Ad for enforcing the due Execution of the Laws now in being, and for the better regulating the publick Gaols and Pri-fins in this K ngdom, and providing necejfary Accommodations' for the Per fins confined therein, and for the more ejfeduat admin if ration of jufiice at Sejfons, and by jfvfiices of the Peace in Cities and Counties of Cities within this Kingdom.

142

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XLV.

An Acl to explain and amend an A SI puffed in tbt Eleventh and 'Tuselftb Tears of His prefent Majefly, intituled, An Acl for hanging fitch. Poor as jh&ll ht found unable to fupport ihemjeluts by Labour, and othervuife providing for tberfi : an A for retraining fucb as /ball be found able to Jupport them-fives by Labour and Indujlryfrom begging.	Page 144

CHAP. XLVL

An Adi to promote Trade and Manufacture* by regulating and esc our aging Partnerjhips.	146

C Pi A P. XLVII.

An ACf to regulate the Manner of fifing Bills, and to prevent Delays inJummon.ng of Parliament.	154

CHAP. XLVIII.

An A A for extending certain of the Provifions, contained in an Afl* intituled. An A St confirming all the Statutes made in England.	*55

CHAP. XLIX.

An Ad for Ridref of erroneous Judgmentst Orders, and Decrees.	156

CHAP. L.

An Ad for fecuring the Independficy of Judges, dhd the impartial AJmtnijlration of J\f ce.	I	57

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

CRAP. U.

An Aft to amend an Aft, intituled. An Aft fa remitting of Pr if oners, with ibeir Indictments, by the JuJiices of His Majejiy i Court of King's Bench, to the Places where the Crimes were committed.	Page	ij3

CHAP. LII.

An Aft to oblige Church-Wardens to account, purfuant to an Aft fa the better keeping Churches in Repair, and to make the Cathedral Church of Ferns, the Parifh Church of the Parijb of Ferns.	159

CHAP. LIV.

An Aft to prohibit the raniouting of Ships or Vejfl'els captured from His Majefty's Subjects of this Kingdom, and of the Merchandize or Goods on board fuch Ships or Vejjels.	161

CHAP. LV.

An Aft to allow the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufafture of Saint Chriftopbers, Nensis, and Montferrat, upon the like Duties as are payable upon the Importation of Briiifh Plantation Goods ; and to amend an Aft paffed this Seffion of Parliament, intituled. An Aft for regulating the Sugar Trade, andfor granting to His Majejiy, His Heirs and Succejjors, the Duties therein mentis oned.	162

CHAP. LVII.

An Aft fa the Relief of His Majefy’s Proteftant DiJJenting Subjefts called Seceders.	163

CHAP.

An AS to explain and amend an AS, intituled. An AS to prevent vexatious andfrivolous Arrefs, and far other Pur-pofes-	Page	164

CHAP. LXII.

Am AS to altnv? Per fans profifftitg the Pofijb Religion to teach School ho this Kingdom, and for regulating the Education oj Papifts, and aljo to repeal Parts of certain Law* relative to the Guardicusjhip of their Children.	2	65

CHAP. LXIII.

Am AS to explain and amend an AS pajfed this Seffuse of Parliament, intituled. An AS for the more eJfoBsudlj prevent-tug the multiplying of Votes at EleSions ef Members to ferve in Petr Lament for Boroughs, where the Right of Voting is vefted ho the Protefiant Inhabitants in general, or Protefteent Inhabitants and others,	167

CHAP. LXIV*

Am AS to Potoionste and amend tbt ASs now in force fir mai* heg and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Kil-beeny, to the Town of Clonmell.	169

CONTENTS.

The Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of GEORGE III.

CHAP. XII.

An A3 for the ifmng Treafury Bills to the Amount therein mentioned) for the Pnrpofe of promoting Manufactures hj providing for the Settlement of a Number of induflrious Manufacturers at Profperotu in the County of Kildare.	Page	I	74

CHAP. XIII.

An AS to amend an A St, entitled. An A3 for preventing Bribery and Corruption in Elections for Members to ferve in Parliament•	178

CHAP. XIV.

An Apt for regulating the High Court of Admiralty in this Kingdom.	179

CHAP. XVII.

An A3 for efiablifhing a Poji-Ojpce within this Kingdom. 180 CHAP. XIX.

An A3 for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and fieady Supply of Com in this Kingdom, and for granting to His Majefty, His Heirs and Succeffors, the Duties therein mentioned.	200

CHAP.

CONTENTS

CHAP. XX

Jm Aa for the mere ejfe dually punijhing Juch P erfcrtSy a* fall by Tiolemce obflruft the Freedom of Corn Markets and the Com 'Trade ; cr <wbo fall be guilty of other Offence: therein mentioned, and for making Satisfaction to the Parties injured.	Page	r.T^

CHAP. XXIL

An AA far better fecuring tfre Monies and EJJtRs rf tie Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and the Court of Exchr* query by dcfsojiting the fame in the National Bank ; ami to prevent the forging and counterfeiting any Crafty Order, cr ether Nouclyer, for the Payment or Delivery of fuel) Money or EffectSy and for other Purpojes.	22?

CHAP. XXIII.

A* Ad to regulate the Affay of Gold, and premtte the M/rrzr-fadure of Geld and Stiver Wares in this Kingdom, 233.

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 for regulating the Import of Cinamony Cloves, Liner, and Nutmegs, and for the better coileding the Duties there-mu	246

CHAP. XXVI.

An A3 for the due accounting for all Muncy granted Jos' Pub-Bek Works9 Charities, and Hofpitals therein mentioned; cad for the ordering a regidar Account in future of all Monies eutrufted to the Corporation for carrying on the Inland Ncrm-gahoo ; the *Triiflees of the Linen ManufaQure ; the ZhbSa Society ; the Corporation for paving the Streets of Dstbhse^ Mad for other Purpojes therein mentioned'•	243

CHAP.





CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Aft for the mareAfeftudlly amending and repairing the ftoal leading from the Town of Dundalk, in the County of drouth, tQ Banner';dgj in the County of Down ; and for the better fecurir.g the Debts which are now due to the Creditors of the fdid Road.	Page	25:

CHAP. XXVIII.

Ah Aft u feeure the Liberty of the Prefs, by preventing the Abufis arifing from the Publication of traitorous, feJitioui, Jfife, andfianderous Libels by Perfons unknown.	278

CHAP. XXIX.

An Aft for continuing and amending femoral Laws relating to His Majefty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of Frauds therein.	281

CHAP. XXXI.

An Aft for continuing and amending an Aft paffed in the Twenty fecond Tear of His prefent Majefty's Reign, entitled. An Aft for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Paffages through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof \ and for other Pur-pofes.	2	89

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Aft for the Relief of Prifoners oharged with Felony, or • ether Crimes, who fhall he acquitted or difeharged by Proclamation refpefting their Fees, and giving a Recompence for fucb Fees.	29z

CHAP



CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXV.

An AS to prevent the pernicious PraSice of ereStng Qlafs Houfes within the City of Dublin, or a certain D'tfiance thereofPage

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An AS for extending the Provifions of an Aft faffed in this Kingdom in the nineteenth and twentieth lean of bis Ma-jeftfs Reign, entitled, An AS fr naturalizing Jucb foreign Merchants, Traders, Artificers, Artizans, Manufacturers, Workmen, Seamen, Farmers, and others, as Jhail fettle in this Kingdom.	296

CHAP. XXXIX.

An AS to amend the Laws for the Encouragement of planting Timber Trees.	298

CHAP. XL.

An AS for the ProteSion and Improvement of the Inland Fifhe-ties of this Kingdom.	306

CHAP. XLI.

An AS for altering, amending, and rendering more effcSual the Lcnvs now in being, for regulating and managing the fublick Gaols and Prifom throughout this Kingdom. 311

CHAP. XLII.

An AS to further amend and explain an AS made in the Twelfth Tear of Sis prefent Majefiys Reign, entitled. An

AS



CONTE NTS.

Ad for the making of narrow Reads through the mountainous unimproved Parts of this Kingdom ; and alfo an Ail ma«g ia the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Tears cf his prefent Me-jffty s Reign, entitled. An A:? to amend an Ail paffed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of bis prefent Majeftfs Reign, entitled. An Ail for amending the public Roads.

Page 31$

CHAP. XLIII.

An AH for the Relief of the Creditors of John Tunnadisis, Ej '/u irey late one of the Majlers of the High Court of Chancery it; Ireland, and for vefling the EJlates, Real and Per-final of the fail John Tunnadiney in Commjjftoncrs and Af-Jigru.es for the Payment of his faid Creditors.	327

CHAP. XLIV.

An A3 for the ErcBing and Building of a new and convenient Gaol and Marfhalfea in the City of Limerick for the Cuwztyy and County of the City of Limerick ; and to enable certain Trujlees or Commjfioners therein namedx to purchafe Ground whereon to ere3 and build the fame.	335

CHAP. £LV.

An AB for the more eafy Difcovery and ejfcQual Pnnijhment of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods.	3	4.3

CHAP. XLVI.

An A3 for the Apportionment, and more eafy Recovery of Rents in certain Cafes.	346

CHAP. XLVU.

An A3 for difcharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crcwny and Compoftion Rents, which have been growing due for twenty

Tears

CONTENTS.

Ttars laft pajl> on the Terms, and in the Manner therein mentioned.	Page	348

CHAP. XLVIII.

An AB for the Amendment of the Law in Relation to the Sal• *>age of Ships and Goods Jlraruled, or in Danger of perijh-ing at Sea.	353

CHAP. XLIX.

An AB for making Appropriate Parijhes belonging to Archbi-Jhops and Bifhops perpetual Cures, and the better to enable fuch Archbifbops and Bijhops to endow and augment the Endowments of Vicarages and Curacies to them rtfpeBively appropriate, and to render more effectual the feveral A3s now in Force, to enable the Clergy having Cure of Souls to rejide upon their refpedive Benefccs, and to build on their refpeBive Glebe Lands.	363

CHAP. L.

An AB for more ejjcBually preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of falfe or counterfeit Coin.	368

CHAP. LI.

An A3 for vejling the Lands of Knockroe, and other Lands in the County of Waterford, in his Majejly, bis Heirs and Snccejfors, to the Ufes therein expreffed, and for other Purpofcs.	373

CHAP. lii.

An AB for better regulating the Police of the City of Waterford.	376

2	CHAP.

Digitized by Google

c O N. T • E N T S.

CHAP. LIIL

An Ad for further promoting the Linen and Hempen Mssnu-fadwres.	Page	407

CHAP. LIV.

An Ad fmr reviving and continuing Temporary Statutes. 416

CHAP. LV.

An AM to remove Doubts and Scruples with Refped to the Comftru&m of an Ad pa fed in this Kingdom, in the fifth Tear of his late Majefty King George the Second, entitled* An Ad for reducing the lnlereft of Money to Six P^Cwt	4*7

CHAP. LVl.

An Ad for the more effedual Difcovery and Profecution of Offenders called Houghers, and for the Support and Maintenance of Soldiers or others houghed, maimed, and difahled by fitch Offenders.	41 g

CHAP. LVII.

An AS for the more effedually Paving, Clearing, and Lighting of the Streets of the City of Dublin, and other Places therein mentioned; and for making Sewers, and ereding Fountains and Conduits in the faid City for the Ufe of the Poor, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	422

CHAP. LVIII.

An Ad to explain an Ad pajfed in the Eleventh and Twlfoh Tears of His prefent Majefty, entitled. An Ad for Budging

C O' If T E N T S.

mg fetch Poor as Jhall be found unable to fupport themfeloes by Labour> and othenvifi providing for them % and fir reftrahswg fucb as Jhall be found able to fupport themfehes by Labour or Indufiry from beggings and to extend the Provifions thereof.	Page	427

The Twenty-fifth Year of GEORGE III. CHAP. X.

An Ail for explaining and amending an Ail for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture* and providing a re-gsfiar and fteady Supply of Corn in this Kingdom* and fir granting to His Majejty* his Heirs and Succejfprs* the Unties fcrein mentioned.	428

CHAP. XII.

An A3 for granting the Sum of Four Thoufand Pounds to the Per fans, and for the Purpofts therein mentioned\ and for continuing an A3 faffedtn this Kingdom in the Third Tear of His Majefly's Reign, entitled. An A3 for continuing the Encouragement given by former Ads of Parliament to the Flaxen and Hempen ManufaBures.	429

CHAP. XIII.

An AH for thy better Encouragement of Trade\ by regulating the Payment of Bounties* and exempting them frqm /w-	43°

CHAP. XVIf.

An A3 to prevent the PraBice of /educing Artificers and Ma~ nufadorers of this Kingdom, and of exporting the federal Vol. VIE	b	foots

/

Digitized by

Google

CONT E NTS.

T>ok and Utinfils made lift of in preparing and forking up tit Mam fail ares thereof, mto Parts beyond the Stas.

P*ge 432

CHAP. XIX.

An AH for granting to His Majefty, His Heirs and Suecejforsp certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letts* s and Packets within this Kingdom ; and for explaining and amending an Act faffed in the Twenty-third a/.d Twtnty-fourth t cars of His Majefty's Reign, entitled. An Aft for eftahlijhing a Po/i-Ofice within this Kingdom.

436

CHAP. XXI.

An Aft to explain and amend the federal Alls made in this Kingdom to encourage the building of Houfes, and making -other Improvements on Church-Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations. .	4*7

C H A P. XXXI.

An Aft to take awry the Challenge to the Array ft Panels of furors for IP ant uj a Knight on Trials, in woieh a Peer or Lord of Parliament is a Pat tji	441

CHAP. XXXIII.

Jn Aft to repeal an Aft made in the .Thirteenth Tear of His late Majifly King George the Second> entitled. An Aft for repairing the Read leading from the "Town of Nenagb, in the County ft ''Upperary, through the Towns of Birr and 1Pirhane, in the King's County, to Curranaloy Bridge, on the Turnpike Road leading to Athlone, in the County of Weft-mcuth \ and alfo ctf Aft made in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Tears oj H,s prefent Majefty, entided, An Aft for amending and making more eft'etiual an Aft for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Nenagb, m the County of' Tipperary, through the Towns of Bh*r and Firlane, in the

King's

5

CONTENTS.

King's County, to Curranaboy Bridge, on the Turnpike Read leading to Atblont, in the County of IVeft me at h, and alfo fjr other Purpcfes therein mentioned.	Page	4*1

CHAP. XXXIV.

jfa A3 for continuing and amending/enteral Laws relating to His Majefty's Revenue, end for the more ejft dually preventing of Fruuds therein.	442

CHAP. XXXV.

An A3 for the further Improvement and Extenjicn cf tht Fisheries on the Coafts of this Kingdom.	*	471

CHAP. XXXVI.

./in A3 to amend an A& pajfed in the Twelfth Tear of His fcfr Majejy George the Fir ft ^ entitled. An A3 for better regulating the Office of Sheriffs, and for afeertaimng their Fees, and the Fees for fuing their Patents, and pajftng their Accounts ; andfor extcnftmg the Provifions thereof.	49^

CHAP. XXXVII.

Ah A3 to explain and amend an A3 pafjld w the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of Hie prefent Majcfty King George the Third, entitled. An A3 for the more effectual preventing the forging or altering the Acceptance or Indorfement of Bills of Exchange, or the Humbert or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money, or IVar rants or Orders for\ Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods.	490

b 2	CHAP.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

CONTENTS.

cMAf. xxxviii.

da Ad to remedy the Ineonvenieneietwhich arife to fcccleftajiical Pcrfons, from the Loft of their Titles, and Certificates of their other Qualifications.	Page	5 00

CHAP. XXXIX.

Ah All for extending the Pryvifotts of ah Ah faffed in this Kington in the Fifh Year of the Reign of Hit pi ejint Md~ jejiy, entitled. An AB for ere8i g a d efta 'lfiling Puhlick Infirmaries or Hojp tali in this K ngdom.	501

CHAP. XL.

An AS for further extending th: Ptovifidnt of an AS faff din this K ngdon in the Fifth Yeur of t*e Reign of His prefnt

Sy, entitled, An 18 f .r er ding an * <r abltfhing Puh-\rmaries or Jfofpitqts intfsit Kihgdbm.	503

CHAP. XLIL

An AH for efiahlifhing a Complete School of Pbyfitk in this Kitgdm.	504

CHAP. XLIII.

An AS for the completing and cjfc ftually lighting and watching of Rut Find Square, and fir the better Support and Maintenance of the Hof pit si for the Relief of poor Lying-in Women in the City of Dublin, and for other Purpofet therein mentioned'.4	514

£ H A t. XLlV.

An for the more Jfeedy and tefy Recovery of fmall Debts, ih the Manor Courts within this Kingdom, andJ or regulating the CoJis.cJ Proceedings for that Purfoji therein.	526

CHAP.

CONTENTS

CHAP. XLflL

An Att fir amtfSng thefimralLemtHtafag t<*&

Of iVtUf and Duds in tbs Regj/hy Office of‘thiP Kingdom andfor the better regulating and conducing the Bnfinefs of the food Office.	Page	531

c H a P. xLvm.

An A3 far granting the Sums of twenty Tiotfand Pounds, five looufand Pounds, and Pour Thoufand Pounds, tf certain *Trufitesy ahd for promoting the federal MpnufaBurts therein named.	$34

c k A P. *LlX.

,	s

A*XAA to, explain ahd amend the fevered ABs made onehie Kingdom* to encourage the building of tioujou mud making other Improvements on Church Lands, euod fir Other Pur-pofes.	$42

C H A P. L.

An A3 fir the better Support dad Maintenance Of the ¥ entitling Htfpitai.	548

tCHAP. U.

An An fir fhAfchtmg vexatious hgUMtmi to Jtay Proceedings Of Ld4u s end for fifing Cffs to Defendants in Courts of Aftfitji entertain Cafes.

CHAP. LI XL

An A3 to amend an Atl, entitled. An A3 for the more fpeedy and ejfeBuat 'Recovery of the King’s Debts,	551

\

CHAP,

C O NT E N T S.

CHAP. 2JV.

AnJlct fir reviving, eoutimuiig, cud amending ftvcrml <Trm-farary Statutes.	\	.	i*»ge	555

* l'*	,

C H A P. LV.

An Acl to alter and amend an A£1 made in the T-wentyftrft and' Twentyfecond Years of bis prefent Majefty's Reign9 entitled, An Ad to enable the Governors of any of the Scho:l founded in this Kingdom, to make long Leafes of fueb Lands as have been granted fir the Support f the Jdid Schools, ahd are Jituau in Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns.

CHAP. LVI.

An A SI to amend an ASt made in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign if his prejent Majefty> entitled, An ASi for snaking and keeping in Repair a Circular Road roused the City tf Dublin, .	559

CHAP. LVIII.

An A SI for the better carrying into Execution the feveral Lavas for providing a Maintenance for Parijb Clerksp dssd for other Rurpofes.	566

CHAP. LX.

An A SI for repealing an A SI made in the Firft Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second7 entitled. An 'Ad for regulating the Meafures made ufe of in buying and felling of Corn, and for promoting Hujhandry in this Kingdom.	567

CHAP. LXII.

An ASi to explain and amend feveral Laws now in Force fir the Encouragement of Agticulture.	568

chap.

C ONTENTS.

CHAP. LXIII.

An A3 to carry into further Effie3, an A3 faffed in the loft Sejfion of Parliament in this Kingdom, entitled. An A3 for the due accounting for all Money granted for Publick Works, Charities, and Hoff it alt therein mentioned, andfof the ordering a regular Account in future of all Monies en~ truffed to the Corporation for carrying on the Inland Navi* gallon, the Trupees of the Linen Manufacture, the Dublin Society, the Corporation for Paving the Streets of Dublin, and for other Purfefes therein mentioned.	Page 576

CHAP, LXIV.

An A3 to amend an A3, entitled. An A3 for cleanjing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda and Belfafl, and for ere ding a Ballaft Office in the faid City, and each of the /aid Towns.	580

CHAP. LXV.

An AS for raifing the Sum of Twenty Tboufand Pounds upon the Manors of Port Dungloe and Mount Charles, in the County of Donegal, the Eftate of the Right Honourable William Conyugham, to he expended, together with another Sum of Twenty Thoufand Pounds granted by Parliament, in promoting the Fifheries on the Weftem Co off of the County of Donegal, in Manner therein mentioned, 607



Digitized by Google

A

C O LLECTION

OF

STATUTES,

The Twenty-firft and Twenty-fecond Years of GEORGE III.

CHAP. IX.

An AS for regulating Drawbacks and Bounties, preventing Export of ManufaSuring Utenjrls, except to Great Britain, for encouraging the Import of Organized Silky and of other Goods from certain Places therein named\

WHEREAS goods and merchandizes are frequently Preamble* (hipped for exportation to the i(lands of Faro, or Ferro, being part of the dominions of the kingdom of Denmark, with no other intent than fraudulently to reland the fame: be it ena&ed by the king’s raoft excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That No bounty on no drawback or bounty (hall be allowed for any goods what- goods exported foever, which from and after the twenty-fifth day of De- p^*r£g<Jercja cember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one, (hall be * exported from Ireland to the faid iflands of Faro', or Ferro; and that if any merchant or perfon (hall enter any goods for exportation to other parts than to the faid iflands in order to obtain the drawback or bounty for the fame, and

Digitized by boogie

Faro fnd Ferro added to oath

The twentyfirjl and twenty-feeond Tears of George III, and landed there, contrary to the true intent and meaning pf this that then and m every fuch cafe the drawback or bounty paid or to be paid for the fame, (hall be forfeited, and the exporter of iuch goods, and the matter of the (hip or veffel on board which the fame (hall have been landed and exported; and every perfon concerned in aflifting in the exportation or landing of the faid goods, whether any drawback or bounty has beyn, or is to be paid for the fame or not, (halt forfeit treblfe the value' of the goods, and the (hip or veflel on board which fuch goods were loaded and exported, with all her tackle, furniture and apparel* (halL alio be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted by any officer of the cuttoms or excife.

IL And be; k further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid* That from and after the twenty fifth day of December, ofee fofgowbtx-^* thoufand (even hundred and eighty-one, the faid iflands of ported.	Faro	or Ferro, (hall be added to and included in the oath

upon all debentures for goods exported whereon the exporter is to fwear, that fnch goods are not landed, nor intended to be landed in Great Britain or Ireland.

III.	And whereas it is expedient by certain profrifions, penalties and forfeiturea to prevent and prohibit the exportation (except to Great Britain) of all fuch tools or uteniils as are commonly ufed in, or are proper for preparing, working up, or finilhing of the cottort or linen manufa&ure of this kingdom; and alfo for the preventing and prohibiting all and every perfon and perfon8 whomsoever front the collc&ing and obtaining, or haying in his, her, or their pof fcffion or cuttody, with intent to export the fame, any tools or implements ufed, as well in the faid cotton or Hnen, as in the woollen and filk manufactures of this kingdom; be Any perfon it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time putting or pro- after the palling of this any perfon or perfops (hall upon onboard an PU* anT Prctence whatsoever, load or put on board, or pack, or (Tip not bound Gau^e or procure to be leaden, pat on board, or packed in dire&ly to Great order to be loaded, or put on board of any (hip or veflel

Britain, tec.

any machine ufed, tec. in the cotton, linen, Sec. ma* nufadures;

which (hall not be bound dire&ly to (one port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or (hall lade, or caufe or procure to be laden on board any boat, or other veflel, or (hall bring Ur caufe to be brought to any quay, wharf, or other place in order to he fo leaden or put on board any fuch (hip or veflel any machine, engine, tool, prefr, paper, utenfll or implement whatsoever, which now is, or at any time here* after (hall or may be ufed in or be proper for the preparing* working, preffing, ftnifhmg or compleating of the woollen* cotton, linen or filk mamuadurcs of this kingdom, or any or either of them, or any other goods wherein wool, cotton, linen or (ilk, or any or either of them are or is ufed* or any part or parts of fuch machine, engine, tool, .prefs,

paper.

pope#, tfendlsl 9t implements, bVwfcot name or names fo* A. Efr

ever ttoe faww (ball be* called of BOonm* or any model of

plan, or rttodd* op {riant of any fuck machine, engine, tool* Chap. 9;

prefs, f*p*f WMfhv or implement^ or ariy part or parts w—v—

thereof, and complaint being' nfede upon the oath of one oT upon com-

ihort? credible wkriefe or witoefie* before any joffice or juf- F*mt thereof

tied* of tb# pcaifc, it (hall and may be laWfol to and for fuch

jufctee dr jodidrt of the peace to.KTue his or their warrant .

dT wOnttiMi not? only (to feizc a& fuch machine*, engine*,

tfceds, prefa, paper*, otenfib or implements, and part ©f

part* thereof and ail fueb model or plan, model* or plans*

titd part or parti thereof, together with the packages, oftd

dU odier goods peeked therewith, rf arty fueh therd be, but

itffo to bring' the perfoo or perfonafo complained of before

he*# Or them, or fomt other of his Majefty's juftirt^o^ the }

peace for tthd fame Oounty* city, or place \ and if wheA

foah pMrfoit of perfons (hall be brought before fueh1 jtdlioe

dr fcAfter*, te> (he, or they (hail not give fueh* an account

df the life or pOrpofd to which fuch machine** engiiWS,

fool* prefo, paper, utcnfil* or implements, And part or part*	r

thertof; itid all fueh model or phm, models or plan*, and

port or part* thereof, are fritiended to be appropriated, a*

foall be fetkfadtary to the jttflice or juftieCS before whom he,

fhe, of they (hall he brought a* aforelsid, then and is hick

cafe k (hall and may be lawful to and for fuck jaitfc* or juf-

tideo dot only fd cfcofo all foeb machines* engines, and othA

Articles wl»iew fhrtU barye been fefoed *a aforefeid, together

with- the packages, and alt other goods packed therewith* tb

be dtbtined, tee alfo to hind the perfon or perfons fo charged

to appear it the new af&aes or qsorter fcffioris of the peadfe

for the county, city, or place where fuch offence fbafc be

OMKlhled* with #etfori*bl* furttfe* for hi* or their appear-

iM9) and in oife foot perfori or perfoHs (had rtfofo or me-

fjkHi to gift foeh feeunty, then and in ftich cafe, it (hall

tMd may bo lawfol to and for fsch juftte* or juHice* to non*-

Ait (he perfo# of period* fo refofing, td the common gntil

dr hmh df correction, there to te kept Hntil the next affix*

Ot Mttft quarter-faffions of the county, eity, or place whole lock oonfotafient (hah be, and until he, (he, or they (Ml bo delivered by due coutfe of kw; and m cafe any ftfdh petfoa or perioo# (hall be convi&ed of airy of the offence* ttfdrefajd, Upon mtf ftxfi&meftt or information agafoft him,

Wr, or the**, it took Affixes or quarter-feffions of the pta&

Mi afcrdfoid, Ale perfort or perfon* fo offending (hall, for M*Mrf fjoh offence, not only forfeit all fuch machine*, engines, tools, pt*fo, paper, utenftk and implement*, model, or pin**, or peat* tkartof rtlpe<ftforfy, together wkh the packages, nod otbar goad* picked therewith, if iny foot tte#d hi, lOrt n^Stefui* of two hundred pOTH>ds, nod Ml, /

A a	alfo

Digitized by v^ooQle

Officen of re venue to feize tod detain ail fochnuebipcs.

Tie imntyjUfi and tnvtntj-fccond Yean of George III. allb fuffer imprisonment in the common gaol, prifon or houfe of correction of the county, city or place wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall be refpeftively convifted* for the fpacc of twelve months, without bail ot mainprise, and until fucb forfeiture (hall be paid.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the patting of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of the revenue* and he and they is and arc hereby required to feize and Secure in forne one of his Maje(ly*B ware-houfes, all fuch machines, engines, tools, piefs, paper, utcnfilg or implements, •r part or parts thereof, and all and every fuch models or plaa^ or part or parts thereof, as fuch officer	or officers (hnU

find and difeover to be laid or put on board,	or intended to

be laid or put on board of any (hip, veffel or boat, which (hall not be bound directly to /ome port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent and meaning c{ this aft, together with the packages and all other goods tacked therewith, if any fuch there be, and they arc herc-snd&idsis-	*>y indemnified in fo doing; and all machines,	engines, tools*

chine*, &c. if	prefs, papers, utenfilq and implements, or	part or parts

mn^miiedihdl thereof, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, together with the packages, and other goods packed therewith, fo feized and fccured as aforefaid, (hall after condemnation thereof in due courfe of law, be publickly fold to the befk bidder, by order of the commiflioners of the revenue, and one moiety of the produce arifing from the fale thereof, after dedu&ing the charges of condemnation and fale, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the Other moiety to the officer who (hall feize and profecute the lame as aforefaid.	'

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the patting of this aft, if the captain

Captain of any veffel.

knowingly per- or mafter 0f any fhip* veflel or boat in this kingdom, (hall

mining any fnch machine. See. put on board forfeit

SOOh&C’

knowingly or defignedly permit or fuffer any machine, engine, tool, prefs, paper, utenfil or implement, or part or parts thereof, or any model or plan, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, by this aft prohibited to be exported 99 aforefaid, to be put on board his faid (hip, veffel, or boat* every fuch captain or matter (hall, for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and if the faid (hip* veflel* or boat, (hall belong to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, then the captain or matter thereof (hall not only forfeit the faid fum of two hundred pounds, but (hall alfo be incapable of holding any office or employment under his Ma-jetty, his heirs and fucceffors, in this kingdom.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That if any cuftomer, comptroller, furveyor, fearcher* -waiter* or other officer of the revenue in Ireland* (hall take*

Or

.The twntyfrfi emd twentyfkoad Tears of George 1TL	f

pr knowingly or willingly fuffer to be taken, any entry out-	A. D.

ward, or (hall fign any cocket, warrant, or fufferance for	178i-s.

the (hipping or exporting of any of the faid machines, en- Chap. 9. gines, tools, prefix paper, uteniils or implements, or any v.—— part or parts thereof, or any of the faid models or plans, or Cflftomcrs, any part or parts thereof by this ad prohibited to be ex- &c. knowingly ported'or (hall knowingly or willingly permit or fuffer the ^ vLfu^cr to be fame to be done diredly or indirectly contrary to the true omwardjor fign intent and meaning of this ad, every fuch cuftomer, comp- any cocket, &c. troller, furveyor, Jearcher, waiter, or other officer of the re- for Exporting venue of Ireland, (hall, for every futh offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and (hall alfo forfeit his pffice, hU office, and and be incapable of holding any office or employment under forfeit aool. &«. his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in this kingdom.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Penalties itn-the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein before mention- der this *& ro-cd (the manner of recovery whereof is not herein before pai* C0YCI^ll!7*^ ticularly direded) (hall and may be fued for and recovered Uo° ** by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of the

four courts at Dublin, in the name of his Majefty** attorney-general, or in the name of fome officer or officers of the revenue of Ireland, wherein no effoign, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; and that one moiety of the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall go and be apph'ed to the ufe of his Majetty, his hein aud fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch officer or officers of the revenue, as (hall fuc and profecute for the fame, after deduding the charges of profecution from the' whole.

VIII.	Aud be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Any perfon from and after the paffing of this ad, if any perfon or per- having id cufto-fons (hall have Jn his, her, or their cuftody, power, or pof- dy, ^c. with in-feffion, or (hall colled, obtain, make, apply for, or caufe, kidmL-or procure to be made, any fuch machine, engine, tool, &c. prefs, paper, utenfil or implement, or any part or parts

thereof, or any fuch model or plan, models or plans, or part

or parts thereof as afotefaid, with intent to export, or that

the fame may be exported to fome other port or place than

Great Britain, or font port in this kingdom, and complaint

being made, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefo

or witnefles, before any juftice or juftices of the peace, that juft ice may iffue

there is reafon to believe fuch perfon or persons hath or warrant to feiz*

have in his*, her, or their cuftody, power, or poffeffion, cr £*id machine*,

hath or have colleded, obtained, made, applied for, of

catiled or procured to be made, any fuch machine, engine,

tod, prefs, paper, utenftl, or implement, or part or parts

thereof, or any fuch model or plan, or models or plans, or

part or parts thereof, as aforefaid, with intent to export, or

that the fame may be exported to fome other port or place

than

Digitized by L.oocLe

<6	Ttt Prnmty-frf end tiim&fxmi Tien gf Oeorgt til.

A. ft thorn Grant Britain, or fome port fo this kingdom, then, 178*-*. and io any of the ind cafe*, k (haH and may be iawfid *0 Chqp* 9. and for the Bid j office or juftioe* of the peace to $ue kk or their warrant or .warrants to feize a)l fuch machines, ear gfoct, took, prefe, papers, ufceufils or impkmente, or part or part* thereof, apd all foch models or plant, or part nr parte thereof, as afort&id, and to bring the ptrfbn or perfona fe complained of, before him or them, or fome other -of his Majefty’s fofticts of the peace for the teme county, -city or place; and if fucb perfon or perfons fhadl not give foch an account of <thc ufe or purpose to which fuck machines, engines, tools, prete, papers, utenfik or implement*, or part or parts, models or plans, or part or parts thereof, is, are, or were intended to he appropriated as (hafl be fatio-fo&ory to the jnftice or juftices before whom he, (he, or -they (hall he brought as afocefaid, then and in fuch cafe, k -dull and may be lawful to and for fuch jjuftice or jufticcs to caufe aU fuch machines, engines, tools, prefs, paper, uteo-f&$ or implements, or part or parts thereof, models or plaaa,

1	jor part or parts thereof, which fhaU have been fo fetzed m

aforefaid, to be detained, and alfo to bind the perfoa or pay /ons fo charged to appears! the neat affises, general gaol'delivery, or quarter teflions of the peace for the county, city, dr-place where fuch offence fhall be committed, with reafon-jdde (beetles for his, her, or their appearance; and in cafe fuch perfan or perfons tfhaH refute or ncgled to give fuch te-curity, then, aqd in fuch cafe, k /hah and may be lawful ts luid for* tech jnftice or jufticcs to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the county-gaol, prifon, or houfe of correction, there to remain until the next affiaes, or quartcr-fdfione of the oounty, city, or place whore foch commkmcnt fhall be, and until he, (he, or they (bah be delivered by due courie /of law; and in cate any foch perfon or perfons (hall be eon-jri&td upon any iadi&meot or information again ft him, her, or them at fuch affiaes, or quarter-fe (Boos of die peace a# pforefaid, of having fo hk, her, or their cpftody, power, pr poffeffion, or of having oollofted, obtained, made, applied for, or caufcd, or procured to be made, any fuch machine, engine, tool, purls, paper, ytenbl or implement, or part or parts thereof, model or plan, or part or parts thereof, with fuch intent as aforeteid, tbcfi, and in foch cafe, on con^iMi, the peifon or perfons fo convi&ed, ftiall, for every fucb of-lofe all fckl ma- fence, forfek and Jofe all fuqh machines, engines, tools, prefs, chines, &t. for- papers, utenfils or implements, or part or parts thereof, tno-feit zed. dels or plans, or .part or pa*u thereof, which (hall he fo teized and detained, and alfo the fum of two hundred pounds, and (hall fuffer imprisonment in t,he common gaol of the county, city, or place wherein fuch offender or offenders re-fpcSively (hall be convidted, for the fpace of twelve months

without

The Hotetfyjirft mtijt Puientyfkond Toon	Georg? Ilfc^

without bail or mainprizt, and until fud* forfeiture (hall tj>e paid.	\

l<m Provided neverthelefa, That no perfoft (hall be pro-fccutcd for any of the offences afotcfaid in this ciaufe mentioned, unlefs profecutioo (hall be commenced within the ip ace of twelve months neat after fuch offence (hah be committed.

X.	And be it further coaled by the authority aforefaid, That the refpc&ivc forfeitures, by this ad inAi&ed upon offenders againft the fame, (hall, when recovered (where the fame is not by this a& otherwife provided) go and l*c applied to tbe ufe of the informer, after the expenoc* of the profecutum are paid.

XI.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuit or a&ion (hall be commenced againft any perfon for what he (hall do in purfuancc of this ad, fuch fuit or a&ion (hall be commenced within (ix months nqqt after the fad committed, and jhe perfon fo fued, may hie common bad, or enter a common appearance, aud plead the general iffue, not guilty, and may give this ad and the fpp-cial matter in evidence, and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or fuffer difeont in nance, or if a ver-dia pafs againft him or her, or if upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant mall recover treble cods.

XII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained* (hall extend to the preventing wool-cards or ftock Cards, nqt exceeding in value four (Killings per pair, and fpinnor* cards not exceeding in value one (hilling and fix pence per pair, ufed in the faid woollen manufacture, from beng exported to any of his M^efty’s colonics or plantation* in America.

CHAP. XI.

ProfccUciuQf^ in i % months next after offence.

Forfeitures not applved jo to informer.

Suits (hall be in 6 months after fad committed, Sec.

Nothing herein to prevent wool or ftock cards of 4s per pair and (pinners cards of is. 6d per pair being exported.

% An Aft for litter Jecuring tbe Liberty of the Subje8*

WHEREAS as the law now Hands groat delays may Preamble.

be ufod by (heriffs, gaoler*, and other officers tp whofe ouftody any of the King’s fubjcdU may be committed for criminal or fuppofed criminal matters, in making return of writs of brnbeeu corpus to them dire&ed, by Handing out an 4ZI'a$ pluriee and habeas corpus and fometimea more, and by other (Lifts to avoid their yielding obedience tofu^h writ% con* trary to their duty and tho Jcnown laws of the land, where*-by many of the King’s fubje&s may be long detained iq prifon, in fueh cafes where by law they arc bailable, to their great charges and vexation; for the prevention where-qf, and the more fpeedy relief of all perfona in ptifpn for any fuch criminal or fappofad criminal matters, be it enacted

Digitized by LjOOQle

Any perfon bringing H. C. direSed to any (heriff,

Sec. for any perfon in their cuftody.

The twentyftrft and twntyfecmd Tears of George III,

afted by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, That whenever any perfon or per-fons (hall bring any habeas corpus directed to any fheriff or (heriffs, gaoler, niiniiter, or other perfon whatfoever, for any perfon in his or their c'uftody, and the faid writ (hall be Served on the faid officer or left at the gaolorprifon with any of the under-officers, under-keepers, or deputy of the faid officers or keepers, that the faid officer or officers, h is or their under officers, under keepers, or deputies, (hall within three days after the fervice thereof as aforefaid, (unlefs the commitment aforefaid were fortreafon or felony, plainly and fpecially expreffed in the warrant of commitment) upon payment or tender of the charges of bringing the faid prifoner, to be ascertained by the judge or court that awarded the fame, and endorfed upon the faid writ, not exceeding fix pence per mile, and upon fecurity given by his own bond to pay the charges of carrying back the pri-foner if he (hall be remanded by the court or judges, to which he (hall be brought, according to the true intent and meaning of this a ft, and that he will not make any efcape by the way, make return of fuch writ, and bring or caufe to be brought the body of the party fo committed or reft rained unto, or before the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great Seal of Ireland for the time being, or the judges or barons of the faid court from whence the faid writ (hall iffue, or unto or before fuch other perfon and perfons before whom the (aid writ is made returnable, according to the command thereof, and (hall then likewife certify the true caufes of his detainer or imprifonment, unlefs the commitment of the faid party be in any place beyond the distance of twenty miles from the place or places where fuch court or perfon is or (hall be refiding, and if beyond the distance of twenty miles, and not above one hundred miles, then within the fpace of ten days, and if beyond the distance of one hundred miles, then within the fpace of twenty day8 after fuch the delivery aforefaid, and not longer.

II.	And to the end that no fheriff, gaoler, or other officer may pretend ignorance of the import of any fuch writ, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch writs (hall be marked in this manner by the ftatute of the twenty Second year of the reign of King George the third, and (hall be figned by the perfon that awards the fame; and if any perfon or perfons (hall be or {land committed or detained as aforefaid for any crime, unlefs for felony or treafon, plainly expreffed in the warrant of commitment in the vacation lord chancellor, tjmc an(j out Qf term, it fhail and may be lawful to and for &c’	the	perfon	or	perfons	fo committed or detained, (other than

perfons

Writ* of H. C how marked.

yrrfon imprisoned daring vacation, may complain to

7*hc twenty-juft and iwnlyjecond Tears of George III,	9

'perfons convi& or in execution by legal procefs) or any one A, D. in hia or theit behalf, to appeal or complain to the lord 1781-1. chancellor, or lord keeper, or any one of his Majcfty*s juf- Chap. XI. rices either of the one bench or the other, or the barons i/sxni of the Exchequer; and the laid lord chancellor, lord keeper, juftices or barons, or any of them, upon view of the copy or copies of the warrant or warrants of commitment and detainer, or otherwife upon oath made that fuch copy or copies were denied to be given by fuch perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody the prifoner or prifoners is or are detained, are hereby authorized and required, upon requeft made in writing by fuch perfon or perfons, or any one on his, her, or their behalf attefted and fubfcribed by two wit-neflcs who were prefent at the delivery of the fame, to award and grant an habeas corpus under the feal of fuch court whereof he (hall then be one of the judges, to be di-reded to the officer or officers in whofe cuftody the party fo committed or detained (hall be returnable immediately before the laid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or fuch juftice, ba-ron, or any other juftice or baron of any of the faid courts and upon Service thereof as aforefaid, the officer or officers his or their qnder-officer or under-officers, under-keeper or under-keepers, or deputy, in whofe cuftody the party is fo committed or detained, (lull, within the times refpc&ively before limited, bring fuch prifoner or prifoners before the hud lord chancellor or lord keeper, or fuch juftices, barons, or one of them before whom the (aid writ is made returnable ; and in cafe of his abfence before any other of them, and faid lord with the return of fuch writ, and the true caufes of the commitment and detainer, and thereupon within two days pnfoneP after the party (hall be brought before them, the faid lord fag fecuricy chancellor or lord keeper, or fuch juftice or baron before for hi* appear* whom the prifoner (hall be brought as aforefaid, (hall dif- *j*cc charge the faid prifoner from his imprifonment, taking his or set| c* their recognizance, with one or more furety or fureties in any fum according to their difcretions, having regard to the quality of the prifoner and nature of the offence, for his or their appearance in the court of KingVbench the Term following, or at the next affixes, feffions, or general gaol-delivery of and for fuch county, city, or place where the commitment was, or where the offence was committed, or in fuch other court where the faid offence it properly cognizable, as the cafe (hall require, and then (hall certify the faid writ, with the return thereof* and the faid recognizance or recognizances into the faid court where fuch appearance is to be made, uxilcfs it (hall appear unto the laid lord chancellor or lord keeper, juftice or juftices, baron or barons that the party fo committed is detained upon a legal procefs order, or warrant, out of foxne court that hath jurifdi&ion

Digitized by L-ooQle

Any prifoner not applying ( for two terms forH. C. (hall not have one during vacation.

Any officer, Are. negle&ing to return a« aforefaid, Sic.

tti twenty ffjt and twentyfecond Tears of George III* of criminal matters, or by four warrant figned and foaled with the hand and feal of any of the faid jultices or barons, or fame juft ice or juftiees of the peace, for fetch matters or offences for which by law the prifoner is not bailable.

II	I, Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the amtho-rky afordaid. That if any perfoq fhall have wilfully negfoft-cd by the fpacc of two whole terms after bis rmprifonment to pray a habeas corpus for his enlargement, fuch perfon fo wilfully negle&ing, (hill not have any habeas corpus to be granted in vacation time, in puvfaance of this a&.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any officer or officers, his or their under-officer or under-officers, or undcr-kecper or under-keepers, or deputy, (hall negka or refute to'make the returns aforefaid, or to bring the body or bodies of the prifoner or prifonets, according to the command of the fold writ, within the refpc&ive times aforefaid, or upon demand made by the prifoner, or any other perfon in bis behalf, (hall refufo to deliver, or within the fpace of fix months after demand, (hall not deliver to the perfon fo demanding, a true copy of the warrant or warrants of commitment and detainer of fuch prifoner, which he and they are hereby required to deliver accordingly ; aH and every the head gaolers and keepers of fuck prifons, and fuch other perfon in whofo truftody the prifoner (hall be detained, fhatt for the firft offence forfeit to the prifoner, or party aggrieved, the fom of one hundred pounds, and for the fooond offence the fum of two hundred pounds, and fhaU and is hereby made incapable to hold or execute his (aid office ; the faid penalties to be recovered by the prifoner or party aggrieved, his executors or administrators, agsiaft foch offender, or his executors or adnuniflrators, by any a&ion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint, or information in any of his M&jefty*8 courts at Dublin, wherein no effoign, prated km, privilege, injun&km, wager of kw, or Any of pso-fecution, by non vuk Klterias prefequi, or otherwise, foail be admitted or allowed, or any more than one imparlance; and any recovery or judgment at the fuit of any party grieved (hall be a fufficient con vision for the firft offence: and any after recovery or judgment at the fuit of a pasty grieved for any offonoe, after the firfe judgment, fhall he a fhffieient convkftion to bring the officer or perfona within the (hid penalty for the focond offence.

V.	And for the prevention of unjuft vexation by reito* rated eommkmaats for the fiunc offence; be it ena&ad by the authority aforefaid, that no perfon or perfoas who (hall be delivered or fet at large upon any habeas corpus, (hall at famng lurifdic- t*me hereafter b* ag*in tmprifoqed oroomouttedfo* tho tioQ, &c.	"	fame	offence	by	any	perfon	or petfons wbatfeever, other

than by the legal order and procefa of foeh court wheveun

he

(hall for I ft offence forfeit ■ool. to party aggrieved, ad offence, aoeff. and rra-dtrsd incapably

No perfon enlarged by H C (hall be committed for lame oflenee.

Perfons com-

Ttt Upmfyfrjl muT twmtyfemd Yum tfGtarg* lit. he or they lhail be bound by neeogmaapee to appear, or other court baring jurifdictioa of the cauTc; and if any other perien or perfons fail knowingly, contrary to this aft, so Commit or imprifon, or knowingly procure, or cauric to be recommitted or smpnfoncd for the fame offence or pretended offence, any pevfoa or perfons delivered or let at luge at aforefaid, or be knowingly aiding or affifting therein, dun be or they fall forfeit to the prifoncr or party grieved, the him of ivc hundred pounds, any coloarabk pretence or arariation in the warrant or warrants of commitment notwiihr Handing, to be recovered at aforefaid.

VI.	Provided affrays, and he k further cnaAed by Jth* authority afordaid, that if any perfoa or perfons (haH be committed for high tieafon or felony plainly and fpedally orfek? cxpqefied hi the warrant of commitment, and upon his ny, 0n prayer prayer or petition m open court the fiiff week of the term, id week in or firft day of the (effiont of ©y$r and terminer or general t7?«or lft gaol-delivery, to be brought to bj* trial, fhali not be indiA. brooghtto trial •d fqne tine in the otat term, fe^Sona of oyer and ter-Ml sot fee miner, or general gaol-delivery after fuch commitment, it indiffedthsonst dull and may be lawful so and for the judges of the court oficrm* king'*btndk, and jufticcs of oyer and terminer or general gam-delivery, and they are hereby required upon motion to them made in open court the kff day of the term, fefijons,

0t gaqlffduravy, either by the prifcmer, or any one in his behalf, to fist at liberty the prifoaer upon bad, unlefs k opr peayi to the judges and juftices upon oath made, that the wkuefcs for the King could not be produced the fame term, feffiona or general gaoi-ddivery, and if any peifrn or per* dons committed as aforefaid, upon his prayer or petition ia ppen court, the luff week of die term, or the hift day of the fiifioat of oyer and terminer, and Mnerai*ga<dHdchucry, to he brought to his trial, (ball be iod&ed and triad the fecond term, feffions of oyer and terminer, or general gaoUdriivery titer his commitment, upon bis trial fall be aewritted, he (had he diibharged frotfi his imprifoument.

Vil. Provided always, that nothing ia this ad (hah pt* tend to discharge nut of prifon any perfoa changed in debt. Nothinr here-pr other a&ion, or wkh procefe in any civil oaiffe; but that iny°ptrfon*f« offer he fall be difcharged of his imprifoamoat far fab debtf&c. hit criminal offence, he (hail be kept in fuftody according to the law far fueh other frit.

FtII. Provided always, and he it oaafted by the author Perfons com-. rity aforefaid, that if any perfon or perfons fotyefls of this nutted for cri-atabn, fall be committed to any prifon, or in cuftody of ^^moveablc any officer or ofaers wbatfoever, for any criminal or (up- but by hobo* ■ pofed criminal matter, the Ibid pupfon Ihatt not be removed corpus or kyri (he fad prifop aad cuftody into ihecuftody of any other writ, he.

officer

Digitized by L.ooQle

hifoQtn may foe habeas corps* out of any of the four courts, Ac.

Suits under this a5t to he brought in i years after offence commit* ted. except as herein.

. Ko habeas corpus granted for county alter affiscs proclaimed, &c.

The twfyfrjk rmJ twmijrfinmj Tour* ofGtotg* I1L officer or officers, unk6 it be by habeas corpus, or fbme other legal writ, or where the pnfoncr is delivered to the conftable or other inferior officer to carry fuch prifoncr to fome common gaol, or where any perfon is fent by order of any judge of affise or juftice of the peace to any common work-houfe or houfe of correAton, or where the prifoncr k removed from one prifon or place to another within the fame county, in order to his or her trial or discharge in doe conrfe of law, or in cafe of fudden fire or infection, or other nrceffity | and if any perfon or perfons (hall after fuch commitment aforefaid, make out and fign or counter fign any warrant or warrants for.fuch removal aforefaid, contrary to this a&, as well he that makes or figns, or counter* figns fuch warrant or warrants, as the officer or officers that obey or execute the fame, (hall fader and incur the pains and forfeitures in this adt before mentioned, both for the firft and fecond offence refpe&ivdy, tc be recovered in manner aforefaid, by the party grieved.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by tbe authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any prifoncr or prifoners as aforefaid, to move and obtain his and their habeas corpus, as well out of tbe high court of chancery, or court of exchequer as out of the courts of kingYbench or common-pleas, or either of them 5 and if the faid lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or any judge or judges, baron or barons for the time being, of any of the courts aforefaid, in the vacation time, upon view of the copy or copies of the warrant or warrants of commitment, or upon oath made, that fuch copy or copies were dented as aforefaid, (hall deny any writ of habeas corpus, by this adt required to be granted, being moved for as aforefaid, they (hall feverally forfeit to the priibner or party grieved, the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered in manner aforefaid.

X.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, that no perfon or perfons (hall be fued, implead* ed, mole (led or troubled for any offence againft this ad, unlefa the party offending be fued or impleaded for the fame within two years at the mod after fuen time wherein the offence (hall be committed, in cafe the party grieved (hall not be then in prifon, and if he (hall be in prifon, then within the fpace of two years after the deceafe of the per* fon imprifoned, or his or her delivery out of prifon, which fhall firft happen.

XI.	And to the intent, no perfon may avoid his trial at the affixes or general gaol-delivery, by procuring his re* moral before the affixes, at fuch times as he cannot be brought back to receive his trial there j be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, that after the affizes proclaimed by

that

Digitized by UooQle

,7$f Hmntffjififk and Hutmtf ficmd Tran of George IIL	13

that county where the prifoner is detained, no perfon (hall A. D. he removed from the common gaol upon any habeas corpus 1781-2. granted in purfuajlce of this ad, but upon any fuch habeas Chap. n. .corpus (hall be brought before the judge of affix* in open court who is thereupon to do what to juilice (hall appertain.

XII.	Provided ncvcrthelcfa, that after the affixes are Bat may after ended, any perfon or perfons detained may have his or her ifluc* ended. habeas corpus according to the di red ion and intention of this

ad.

XIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, tlut Defendants if any information, fuit, or adion (hall be brought or exhi- urnkrtW a& bited againft any perfon or perfons for any offence committed, may plead gc-or to be committed againlt the form of this Uw, it (hall be ncrai lffttc»*c% lawful for fuch defendants to plead the general ifiue, that

they are not guilty, 01 that they owe nothing, and to give Inch Jpecial matter in evidence to the jury that (hall try the fame, which matter being pleaded had been good arid fuffi-cient matter in law, to have difeharged the (aid defendant or defendants again (I the faid information, fuit, or adion* and the faid matter (hall be then as available to him or them to all intents and purpofes as if he or they had fufficiently pleaded, fet forth, or aliedged the (aid matter in bar, or difeharge of fuch information, fuit, or adion.

XIV.	Provided alfo, that this ad, fo far as the fame may what relates

be conilrued to relate to cafes of treafon or fufpicion of tret* to treafon not fon, (hall not take place or be in force until the firft day of force until June next.	iftjun«n«t.

XV.	And becaufc many times perfons charged with petty Perfons com-treafon, felony, or murder, or as acceflaries thereunto, are mitted for being committed upon fufpicion only, whereupon they are bailable #®ceJ^JT l*for« or not according as the circumftances, making out that ftif- Jeafon TeEnr* picion, are more or iefa weighty, which are beft known to or murder, tou the juffices of the peace who committed the perfons, and not in titled to have the examinations before them, or to other jufticea of benefit of this the peace of the county; therefore be it eng&ed by the au- 1 * thority aforefaid, that where any, perl'on (hall appear to be committed by any judge or juftice of the peace* and charged

as acceflary before the fad, to any petty treafon, felony, or murder, or upon fufpicion thereof, or with fufpicion of petty treafon, felony, or murder, which petty treafon, felony or murder (hall be plainly and fpeciaUy expreffed in the warrant of commitment, that fuch perfon (hall not be removed or bailed by virtue of this ad, or in any other manner than they might have been before the making of this ad,

XVI.	Provided always, that it (hall and may be lawful chtef governor to and for the chief governor or governors for the time he- c. may fufpeni ing, and privy council of this kingdom to fufpend this ad, thimctby pro* by a proclamation under the great fcal of this kingdom, „11 detail In* during fuch time only as there (hall be an adual invaupn or vsffonor rebel-

rebellion Uuo, *c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

i4	The HotmyfrJtdKi	t*)teYetrt tf Gcotge iTC,

A. D. rebellion in this, kingdom or G««t Btiadn, and tfc»t: <M 1781-2. judge or juftice of peace (ball bail or t a	or	pelt

W	*Jfont charged with being doortSmsi la fotk itivtrtlort <ft refcefe

lion, without an order from the lord nontenant, or ford An-puty and privy council of thk kingdom the chile being, figtied by fie of tbs faid priry eoonori, arty law,-	or

Mag tto the Contrary inf any Wife nOtJvffehftafldiiig,

C H*A P. XII.

*7 o r8 0.3. An AS	t»revive intend em	in	^tSh

c 4*.	and eighteenth Tdats &f his pnfir*i Mtfyjlft	taU#-

led, An A& fm> the fkHher Improvement df the C*y tf Dublin* 40 the Mamet iheteut mentioned.

Ends of faid tlTH£RfcAS the? *A<fe propefcd by thd &&MK4#-act fruftrated by V V tioned ifig kw brtm fhift rated by thd death df hit dC*hh‘ft ^°h?	l»ti	^chhtiho^	of	Dublin, and by the oitiiffioA

Dublin. °P °	fueh Pcr^on* by the faid a<& impovrered to take"

tetffes during the life title of the faid arcAbiihop: and whereat the firft or immediate tenant under the fee of Dublin, of the plot of ground herein after mentioned, being pait of the farm of Saint Sepulchre’s* in the comity of Dublin, adjoin-, big' faid city* hath not renewed with the acfchbfthop of Dublin, a* hath been heretofore cuflomary, and ha* iuffered eight yeaffs of the leaf© under faid fee to expire* afthough fevered perfons holding under fuch firft tenant, in confidence of a pefMbnent tenure, by virtue of htks Quotes covenants in their wfpe&b* fades* hate built houfes* and expended very large fums of modey on the hod plot of ground: and whereas by ftich (wrtiffion to renew* there it great danger, that tfte fte vtril houfes on the faid plot of ground, may on account of the ffeovtneft of the pnefent tenure for whkh they are hehf, being hut twenty-one years* of whkh thirteen aMf are uw-eapired, become ruktft* and uatenmrted, to the detekrfent of the find fee* and annoyance to one of the principal api-pmaehea to the eky of Dublin* And whereas many perforin arc deterred from laying out farther fmtis of money, by the fttWnefs and uncertainty of faid tenure, by which the' faw-pfdvement- of faid fee, and of the metropoK* k greatly retarded j therefore be it ena&ed by the King's mow elcdkWt bfojefty, by and with the advice and confeftt of t&elords fpl* visual* and temporal and commons in this prefect parliament Arcfibilhep^ aflembled* and by the authority of the fame, that from and of Dublin may after the paffing of this a&, notwithftanding any leafe or C**1	bt being, k fhaM and may be lawfcil for his grace tile

renew of plot d^Abifaop of Dublin, and hi* focceflfors rrfpc^btely* to bpm 10 the tenants of the faid plot of any of them having * MiM mmtim afaufe Under faid fee; any concurrent or other

leafe

The tweniy^frft and twentyfecend Teart %f Geotgt III.	jy

kafe or leafes in the manner herein after fet forth, of all or A. D. toy pai* or parts of faid plot of ground, being parcel of *781*2* find farm, bounded oh the fouth by a part of the circular Chap. 12; road, on the north by Cufhftreet and a part of Saint 8te- v—**~y*^*^/ phen’s-green, on the weft by KevanVftmrl leading to Ivfill-town, and on the eaft by the road from Saint Stephen’s-green to Donnybrook, for any term not exceeding forty years, and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid arch-bifhop and his fucceffors refpe&ivdy, from time to time, td renew the feme for a like term of forty years: provided that the rent to be referved to the faid archbiftiop and his foccef-fors, by foch kafe or leafes, and upon each and every re* newal and renewals thereof, be fo foon as the fame fhaH take effe& in poffefiion, not left than a fall aeresbk propertied of double the higheft annual rent payable out of the whoW of the faid farm of Saint 8cpulchre*», to the faid aScbbfthop and his predeceffors for twenty years laft paft; aay few 0#

Astute to the contrary notwithstanding.	J

II.	Provided aHb, and be it ena&ed by the authority Tenant! aforefkid, that the tenant deriving firfl or immediately ufkkf rivinv imnjcdi-the faid archbiftiop or his fucceffors, his or her executors, adnuniftrators, and affigns, fhadl for the fpaee of three ea* kndar months from the firft day of Pebrowry one thoufend for 3 months,* feven hundred and eighty-two, have the fok and eaclufite have foie power power of taking any leafe or kafes from faid archbiftiop or hi3 fucceffors, by.virtue of this aand if he or (he, his e* $C-C	*•

her executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, (hall omit to take fuch leafe or leafes within faid time of three calendar months, that then the power of taking fuch leafe or leafes from faid archbiftiop or his fucceffors, fhaH devolve upon the next or ft* cood tenant or tenants deriving under the faid feC, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and affigris, according to his, her, or their rcfpettrve proportions of the feid plot- of ground; and in cafe of a like omiffion or failure in the fe-cend tenant or tenants, his, her, or tfiek executors* admf-mfbrators, or affigns, for the fpaee of one month, that then the faid power of taking fuch leafe or kafes from As feid archbiftiop or his fucceffors, fhaH devolve for a like fpaee of	>

one month on the third tenant or tenants, his, her, or tbeit executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, according to bis, ben, dr their refpc&ire proportions as aforefeid, and fo on for 4 like time to the fourth, fifth, fixth, and other intermediate derivative tenants, their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, fo that the firft or immediate tenant fhall have during thred eftkftdar months, an exchifivc power of taking fuch kafe 6# the whole of (aid plot a* is permitted by this a&, and cacti and every other tenant or tenants io gradation, according to their refpe£tive proportions in the faid plot of ground*

(hall have during one cakndar month cachfueceffively an tm*.

2	dufive

Digitized by t^-ooQie

i6

A. D. 1781-2..

All perfons taking Icife* under this act, fubject to renewal covenant*, Ac.

This a publick act.

The tu/entyfrfi and twenty feeond Team of George III. clufive power of taking fuch leafe and leafes as is or are permitted by this ad from (aid archbifhop and his fucccffora refpcdivcly; and in cafe the immediate and intermediate derivative tenants, their executors, adminidrators, and afligns, (hall omit to take fuch leafe or leafes within the time fo fuc-cc(lively limited to each of them cxclufively, that then the lowed tenant or tenants being in adual poffdfion of any part of faid plot, and having a toties quotes claufe, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or afligns refpcdivcly, (hall, during the refidue of the term at prefent fubfifting, have the foie and exdufiye power of taking fuch leafe or leafes for fuch part or proportion only as he, (he, or they (hall be in the adual enjoyment, occupation, and pofTefli<*a of at any time that the laid archbifhop, or any of his fucceflbrs (hall think proper to grant faid leafe or leafes as aforefaid.

. III. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon or perfons, his, her, or their executors, adminidrators, and afligns, who (hall obtain any leafe purfuant to this ad, (hall be fubjed to the like covenant or covenants of renewal to his, her, or their under-te-nant or tenants, as fuch perfon or perfons, his, her, or their executors, adminidrators, and afligns, (hall have been fubje& to at or immediatdy before the time of obtaining fuch leafe or leafes purfuant to this ad.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that this ad be deemed and taken to be a publick ad.

CHAP. XIII.

60 1 a An ACt for extending the Provifions of an A3 Pqffed in this ’ **C* °* Kingdom in the Jixtb Tear of the Reign of His prefent Ma-jefty% intituled, An A3 for eroding and eJUhVtjhing, PMict Infirmaries or Hofpitals in this Kingdom•

Hofpital in \T7"HEREAS fince the paf&ng of the faid ad, a pub-Limerick erect- ▼ ▼ lick infirmary or hofmtal, called Saint John’s Hof-ed?1bbf*Ttl ^lt&^ k®4 ^ccn crt&cd and lupported in the city of Lime-on«/*c.	" nek, by voluntary contributions, which are not fufficient for

providing phyficians or furgeons, and alfo food, medicines, and other neceflaries for the poor patients therein : be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons in thip prefent Parliament aflembled, and by leol. per inn. the authority of the fame, that the yearly fum of one hun-to be paid for dred pounds fhall be paid out of the publick money to the hJfpiwi to ires- treafurer of the faid infirmary by the vicc-trcafurer or vice-furtr thereof treafurers of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, out of publick the.fird payment thereof to be made on the fird day of April tooceT-	next, the faid treafurer giving his receipts for the fame,

which

7"be twenty-firjl and twenty-fecund Tears of George III-	17

which receipts fhall be allowed as Touchers to the faid vice-	A. D.

treafurer or vice-treafurers, his or their deputy or deputies,	1781-2.

in paffing his or their accounts.

II.	And be it enabled by the authority aforeiaid, That Gpnd jury the grand jury of the county of the faid city, at their neat may prefent fummer affizet, and at every fummer affizes afterwards, fhall

hate power to prefent a fum, not exceeding one hundred than 50I. 3cc.

pounds, or lefs than fifty poufcds, to be raifed in the faid

city, and county of the laid efty, and to be paid to the

treafurer thereof, and to be by hits paid over to the trea-

furer of the faid hofpital on his drafts or receipts, which

drafts or receipts fhall be allowed to the treafurer of the

faid county in palling his accounts-

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, And faid That the fums fo to be paid to the treafurer of the faid fum* applied in hofpital, fhall be appointed by the governors and governeffes

of the faid hofpital, to be applied m payment of phyficians P y‘vwns» or furgeons for the fame, or for fuch other purpofes 'as they *

(hall think adrifeable for the benefit of the faid hofpital and the patients therein.

CHAP. XV.

\Au A8 for continuing and amending feveral Laws relating to His Majcjly's Revenue, and for the more effeEtuafly preventing °f Frauds therein, and for fuch other Purpofes as are therein mentioned.

‘^[7'HEREAS by an a6fc - of Parliament pafied in the n* thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aS for the better regulating the colleQion of his Majefifs revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein ; and for repealing an a8 made the l&jlfeffion ofParliament, intituled, An a3for continuing and amending fever al Laws heretofore made, relating to his Majefifs revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in Ins Majefifs cuftoms and excife, and the feveral a6U and ftatutes which are mentioned in the laid a&, and continued thereby, it is amongft other thiqgs ena&ed, that every exporter of fpirits or ftrong waters, dillilkdin this kingdom, (hall, in order to entitle himfclf to the allowance or drawback therein mentioned, firft make oath before the colle&or or other chief officer of the port where the fame (hall be (hipped, that the full duty of excife payable to his Majefty upon the fame, has been paid to the ufe of his Majefty, iud that the faid fpirits or ftrong waters have not been lowered after the duty of excife was paid for the fame : and whereas by an a& pafled in the' nineteenth and twentieth years of your Majelly’a reign, intituled. An aSt for continuing and amending feveral laws relating to bis Majefty't revenue, and \OL. VII. •	B	for

Amended

43, 24 O. 3. *9. 9-

3-$4-. 52, 61* 64.

*5 G. 5. 35. a8.

26	G. 3. 21.

29.

27	G. 3. 26. 4. 31 O 3.16.

33 G.«. c. 10.

19 Sc io G. 3. c. 12.

litized byVj(

18

A. P.

Chap. 15.

flapped, &c. .Tiuil Sx $ dcgi cc* or 10 per cent, under hy drometer proof;

tnd perfons exporting in-tirled to lod. per gallon.

A further al Jowance of id per gallon on export.

The twentyfrjl and twentyfecond Tears of George III. for the more ejfc lually preventing of frauds therein, and for fuch other purpofes as are therein mentioned, the allowance or drawback on the exportation of fpirits diftiUed in this kingdom is increafed to the whole of the inland excife, and all duties payable on fuch fpirits to be exported in the manner therein mentioned: and whereas the faid Jeveral requifites in th^ (aid in part recited oath, hare been found to obftruft the exportation of faid fpirits fo diftiUed in this kingdom* tnafmuch as the exporters tltereof, being frequently not dif-tillerS, cannot comply with the fame; and whereas it will greatly tend to the advancement of the tillage of this kingdom, and of the exportation of fpirits diftilled therein, as well as prevent a repetition of the frauds heretofore committed, to the injury of the fair trader, and of his Ma-jefty's revenue, if the regulations, herein after mentioned, (hall be adopted in the place of aU former rules or regulations touching fuch fpirits to be exported: therefore be it enafted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after .the palling of this aft, fo much of the (aid recited afts, and of aU other aft <• r afts of Parliament heretofore paffed, as in any manner relates to the giving of any drawback, or to the regulating any drawback given upon the exportation of fuch fpirits, may be repealed, and the fame are hereby made null and void.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this aft, all fpirits diftilled within this kingdom, which (hall be (hipped for exportation, and for which any aUowance or drawback (hall be claimed, (hall be of a ftrength not lefs than a ftrength equal to five degrees, or ten per cent, under hydrometer proof, and the perfon or perfons who (haU export the fame to any place, except Great Britain, the Ifle of Man, or the iflands of Farro, or Ferro, in the manner herein after direfted, (hall be intitled to, and (hall receive ten pence per gallon for every gallon of fuch fpirits, and of fuch degree of ftrength fo to be exported, a%and for a drawback of the whole excife paid for the fame, which (haU be in lieu of aU drawbacks or aUowances heretofore given on fuch export 5 any aft or afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

IIIc And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if the fpirits or brandies, fo to be exported, (hall be of greater ftrength than of five degrees under hydrometer proof, there (hall be paid a further drawback, after the rate of one penny per gallon, over and above the fum of ten pence aforefaid, for every four degrees which the fame (haU exceed the ftrength above mentioned, and lb in proportion for any greater or Ids quantity.

II.	Provided

%

T

fe.

The twenty firji and twentyfecond Tears of George III.

IV. Provided always, That no drawback on any one gallon of fpirits or brandies (hall exceed in the whoLe the fum of fourteen pence.

Vi Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no re-payment of duty, drawback, or allowance (hall be made or paid for any quantity of fuch fpirits which (hall be exported in any calk or veffel, containing lefs than one hundred gallons, or which (hall be (hipped oa board any (hip or veffel of lefs burthen than feventy tons, or which (hall be in ftrength below five degrees, or ten per tent under hydrometer proof, or that (hall be (hipped or be con fumed on (hipboard, or for any other ^urpofe than as merchandize.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this a6t, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon in any fea port, or upon any navigable river, to export and (hip off as merchandize* within any of the ufual ports allowed by law, and at the common qua; for exportation* or quays to be appointed for thai and within the ufual hours, for account of himfett or any other, to be exported as aforefaid, in the prefence of fome fworn officer of the excife, to be appointed by the commiffi-oners, or fub-commiffioners of excife, upon due notice .thereof to them given at the office of excife within the limits of the refpe&ivc didri&s of the refpe&ive ports or places from whence the fame (hall be (hipped, any fuch fpirits or ftrong waters diddled in this kingdom, and fuch officer or officers (hall certify the quantity and quality of fuch

a fpirits or drone waters fo (hipped off, to the commiffioners or collectors of the refpe&ive didri&s, who are hereby required to pay the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame, for all fuch fpirits fo exported, as direded by this ad, within one month after fuch exportation.

VII.	Provided alfo, That before any permit (hall be granted by any officer for (hipping any fpirits* for which fuch drawback of the excife is to be paid as aforefaid, the perfon applying for fuch permit, if he or (he be the didiller thereof/(hall make an oath of the following import, before fuch officer, who is hereby impowered and required to admi-nider the fame (videlicet) “ That the full duty payable has

*9

• No drawback on any t gallon to exceed is. id.

No drawback, except . as herein. *

Any perfons may export, Sec. m herein.

44 been paid for all the fpirits fo intended to be (hipped And in cafe the faid fpirits (hall have been reduced in drength after the fame (hall have been diddled, 44 That nothing has 44 been or (hall be added thereto but water, for the purpofe of 44 reducing the (amc to the drength prescribed by law and every perfon or perfons making fuch oath, (hall produce the gauger’s permit for the faid fpirits, which permit fuch officer (hall keep; and if fuch fpirits (hall be exported by any other perfon than the didiller thereof, fuch perfon (hall produce to fuch officer the permit or permits, certificate or B 2	•	certificates

Before draw, back pnid, fur-veyor and officer Who (hipped, &c. muft certify the quantity and ftrength* and contents of each c*(k, &c.

Before fuch perfon entitled to receive faid drawback, he ihall enter into a bond to your Majefty, &c. ati hcreiu.

77* twcntyf.rfl and twenty fecond ?%tars of George III. certificates under which he or (he received the fame, and (hall in like manner make an oath of the import following, to wit, ** That the fpirits fo intended to be (hipped, are the u identical fpirits received by him or her by virtue of “ the permit or permits, certificate dr certificates fo pro-M duccd, and that neither he, (he, nor any perfon for him u or her, did, to his or her knowledge, receive by virtue u or under colour of the fame, a greater quantity of fpi-

tits than is therein exprefled, and that neither he or (he, u nor any other perfon to his or her knowledge did or (hall “ add any liquor thereto but water to reduce the fame to u the ftrength prescribed by law;’* and every fuch officer (hall then £rant a permit annexed to, or at the foot of the faid affidavit, for (hipping the quantity required, and (hall keep the permit or certificate (o produced to and depofited with him.

VIII.	Provided alfo, that before any drawback (hall be paid for fuch fpirits (hipped for exportation as aforefaid, that the quantity and quality or degree of ftrength thereof, and the contents of each ca(k, (hall be certified by the fufveyor and other officer, who refpedtively (hipped and gauged the fame; and that the perfon fo exporting the fame, (hall make oath before the cuftomer, collector, or other principal officer of the port from whence the fame (hall be exported, who is and are impowered and required to adminifter the fame, of the quantity of fuch fpirits fo (hipped, the (hip and matters name, and to what place bound, and that to his or her knowledge or belief, faid fpirits, or any part thereof, have not been, nor are intended to be un(hipped or landed in any other than the place in the faid oath mentioned ; and that the mafter of the (hip, when clearing out, (hall likewife make oath before fuch officer, who is in like manner impowered and'required to adminifter the fame, “ that he has faid fpirits on board his (hip, and that they are “ not intended to be relanded to his knowledge or belief, “ and that he will not fuffer the fame, or any part thereof, “ to be relanded in Ireland, or landed in Great Britain, or €i the i(land8 of Man, Farro, or Ferro, except in cafe of u inevitable diftref8.,,

IX.	Provided alfo, that fuch perfon before he or the (hall be entitled to receive any allowance or drawback by virtue hereof, (hall enter into a bond to your Majefty, your heira or fucceffors, in double the fum which he or (he (hall claim for fuch drawback, conditioned that fuch fpirits or ftrong* waters (hall be exported to parts beyond the feas, and (hall not be relaoded in this kingdom, or landed in Great Britain, or the I(le of Man, or the iflands of Farro, or Ferro ; and upon certificate returned under the hand and feal of the chief magiftrate of any port or place beyond the feas, or under the hand and .feal of two known merchants of the

The tn.vmiy-ftrft and twenty fuond Yeflrs of George III. place where fuch fpirits or ftrong waters (hall have been landed, that the fame were there landed, or upon proof made to the fatisfadion of any one of the commiffioners of your Majcfty’a cuftoms or excife, or of the colledor or other chief officer of the refpedive ports, that fuch fpirits or ftrong waters were taken by enemies, or perilhed in the feas, the find bond (hall be delivered up to fuch exporter to be cancelled, without any fee for the fame.

X.	Provided always, that if fuch matter or exporter be 3 known quaker, that in fuch cafe the folemn affirmation of fuch mailer or exporter (hall and n>ay be taken inttead of fuch oaths refpedively.

XI.	Provided alfo, that if any fuch fpirits or ftrong waters, fo (hipped for exportation, (hall be afterwards relanded or unihipped in any part of Ireland, or (hall be put on board any boat or other veflel in any creek, haven, or port thereof, or at fea, in order to be relanded, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, without the licence of one or more of the principal officers of fuch port or place (irft had, or unkfs it be in cafe of diftrefi* to fave the fame from pe-rifhing, which diftrefs (hall be made known forthwith to one of the officers of the port where fuch (hip (hall arrive ; or if any fuck fpirits or ftrong waters (hall be landed in Great Britain, the Iflc of Man, or the iflands of Farro or Ferro, except in cafe of diftrefs as aforefaid, the matter, pnrfer, or other perfon having the charge of fuch (hip out of which fuch fpirits (hall be fo unihipped, landed, or relanded, contrary to the meaning and intention of this ad ; and alfo the exporter of fuch fpirits (hall each of them forfeit treble the value of fuch fpirits, one moiety to your Majefty, your heirs and fucceftors, and the other moiety to the informer.

XII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall at any time, from

^and after the paffing of this ad, falfely make, forge, counterfeit, erafe, or alter, or procure to be falfely made, forged, counterfeited, erafed, or altered, or knowingly aft or aflift in the falfe making, forging, counterfeiting, erafing, or altering any certificate or certificates herein before mentioned, or (hall knowingly utter or publilh as true, any falfe, forged, counterfeited, erafed, or altered certificate or certificates as* aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons being thereof lawfully confided, according to the due courfe of law, (hall be fined or imprifoned at the diferetion of the judge before whom fuch perfon (hall be trie<J : Provided that fuch fine (hall not exceed the fum of one hundred poundsi* and that fuch impri-fonment (hall not exceed the term of fix months.

XIII.	Whereas by the faid in part recited ad of the nineteenth and twentieth years of your Majefty’s reign, it is ^mongtt other things enaded, that from and after the twenty

ninth

21.

A. D, 1781-a. Chap. 15.

If fuch a qua* ker, their folemn affirmation inftead of oath.

If fuch fpirits fo (hipped, relanded in Ireland, or put on board any (hip, Ice.

except in cafe of diftrefs, forfeit as herein.

Any perfon making, forging, &c.

(hall be finqd and imprifoneu, Ac. as herein.

Recital of IQ k SO G. 3,

c.i*. f. 20.

• •



A. D. 1781-2. Chap. 15.

C at.

C. ai,

f,*3.

7he twenty-firfl and twenty fecond Tears of George HI. ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, every didiller (hall from the day he or (he (hall fet hb or her {till at work, be charged and pay excife in the manner and at the refpedive rates therein after mentioned for twenty eight days, and for every day longer that the head or heads of his or her {till or dills (hall remain unlocked, and until he or (he fhall give to the collector, furveyor, and gauger, the notice therein after direded, of the day of his or her intending to (top working, and (hould be alfo charged and pay excife in like manner, and at the like rate, arid For the like time after every future declaration from the day of unlocking his or her (till or (tills: and whereas by the faid aft it is alfo enafted, that from and after the (aid twenty-ninth day of September, every diftiller who (hall not have a copper or other veflel to brew his pot ale with, and who (hall have one or more (tills, (hall be charged with and (hall pay excife for four charges of low wines for each {till, for twenty-eight days after the day on which fuch dif-tiller (hall begin to diftil, together with the excife of aa much more pot ale, wa(h, low wines, fmglings, or ftrong waters, as he or (he (hall be found to make or diftil, within faid fpace of twenty eight days, and in like proportion for every day, until fuch diftiller {hall give notice in writing to the colleftor of the diftrift, and to the furveyor and gauger of the walk, of the day on which he or (he intended to ftop working, and fliould require that his orherftillor dills might be locked : and whereas it is by faid ad alfo enaded, that from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, every diftiller who (hall have one or more dill or (kills, and a Copper or other veffel to brew his pot ale with, (hall be charged with, and pay excife for fix charges of low wines for each (till, for twenty eight days after fuch diftiller (hall begin to diftil, together with the excife of as much more pot ale, wa(h,low wines, unglings, or ftrong waters, as he or {he (hall be found to make or diftil within the faid (pace of twenty-eight days, and in like proportion for every day, until fuch diftiller ftould give notice in writing to the colledor of the dif-trid, and the furveyor and gauger of the walk, of the day on which he or (he intended to (top working, and fhould require that his or her ftill or {kills might be locked: and whereas it is by the faid ad alfo enaded, that from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, every diftiller who (hall intend to ftop diftilling, might after twenty eight days from the day of his or her beginning to diftil, ftop, by giving notice in writing fix days before the day he or (he intended to ftop, to the colledor# of the diftrid, and the furveyor and gauger of the walk where fuch diftiller refided, of his or her intention, and requefting that his or her ftill or ftOls may be locked on a day therein 3	to



■

rGoogle

*

f. ?4»

The twentyfirjl and twentyfccond Tears of George III. to be named, and that after the receipt of filch notice by the furveyor and gauger, it (hould then be lawful for the furveyor or gauger to ftrap down, and lock on the bead of each ftill belonging to fuch diftiiler, and to lock the door of the furnace grate, and to fecure, ftop, and lock the difeharge cock, or pipe of each ftill; and if the furveyor or gauger (hall by any means be prevented or hindered from fo doing, by any perfon at fuch diftillery, or by the diftillery being locked up, and no perfon appearing to give him entrance, fuch diftiiler (hall ft and charged, and (hall pay excifc, as if no notice had been given of his intention to ftop, and if at any time, twenty four hours after any ftill (hall be locked, fuch ftill or the works in which it be fet, (hall be found hot, the diftiiler to whom it belongs, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, unlefs fuch ftill (hall be opened upon a new declaration in manner therein after mentioned: and whereas it is by faid aft alfo enafted, that from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, any diftiiler who (hall ftop diftil-ljng for a time, and defirc to fet to work again, (hall give four days notice to the collcftor of the diftrift, and the furveyor and gaugdr of the walk where fuch diftiiler reftdei, of the day on which he intends to begin to work again, and the furveyor or gauger (hall, upon fuch notice, open the locks and faftenings of the ft ills of fuch diftiiler, and charge him or her with excife, as therein before direfted : and whereas the faid regulations in the faid in part recited aft, have been in many particulars eluded, and nave been found infufficient to anfwer the purpofes thereby intended, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that fo much of the faid laft mentioned aft, a* is hetein before recited, (hall, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand fevefc repealed/* *** hundred and e ghty two, be repealed and made void.

XIV,	And m lieu thereof, be it enafted by the authority Diftiiler* aforefaid, that from and after the faid twenty fourth day bow cluigev of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, every diftiiler from the day on which his or her ftill (hall be unlocked at his or her defire, fhaU be charged and chargeable with, and (hall pay excife, in the manner, and according to the quantities herein dfter mentioned, for the fpace of twenty eight days next enfuing, and for every ddy afttr the expiration of faid twenty eight days, until fuch notice (hall he given to the colleftor, furveyor, and gauger, as is herein after direfted, of the time of his or her intending to dif-continue working Us or her ftill or (tills, and until his or her ftill or^ftills (hall be taken down or locked, or both as the cafe may be in the manner herein after direfted, and until the head or heads of fuch ftill Or . dills, as are to be taken down (hall be locked, and that every fuch diftiiler (hall litawife after every future declara-m	tion

faid recited

The twenly-frjl and twenty fecond Yean of George III. tion of his or her intention to have his or her (till or flillg unlocked, (land charged and chargeable with, and pay ex-cifeinlike manner,,according to the like quantities, and for the like time, to commence and be computed from the day of unlocking his or her flill or ftills, after fuch fucceffive declaration as aforefaid, or dedu&ion of two days being made, for the purpofe of putting up or replacing fuch flill or ftills as (hall be taken down, fo as fuch (till or Hills be not fet to work upon either of the faid two days, and alfo an allowance of one pound flerling being made to every fuch difliller, out of the charge of excife, for replacing every flill of five hundred gallons content and upwards^ and of twelve fhilh'ngs for replacing every flill of two hundred gallons content, andlefs than five, hundred gallons content.

XV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand or pot ale, (ball f€Ven hundred and eighty-two, no difliller or maker of hreaft ii? a fur-*	fpirits, or flrong waters, /hall fet any Hill to work

na^e of brick, for the purpofe of brewing any wafh or pot ale, or of dif-&c.	tilling, unlefs every fuch ft ill (hall be fet and fixed up to the

breaft thereof, in a . furnace of brick or ftone, with mortar made of lime and fand, on pain of forfeiting every fuch ftHl that fhall be found to have been fet to work, qtherwife than is herein dire&cd.

All ftill* con- XVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

, taining lefs than that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-icoo gallons, fand feven hundred and eighty-two, every difliller, whofe ftill

wo Un^umil °*r	^	*kan	one	g^ons	content

token down!1 eacb> fhall be confidered as continuing to work, until fuch time as the faid flill or flills fhall be taken down out of the *	works, and placed as is herein after dire&ed, and the per-

fon to whom the fame fhall belong, or who fhall have the cuftody thereof, fhall be charged with and pay excifc accordingly.

Every diftilkr XVII, And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-having any ftill faid, that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one containing 1000 thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, every difliller, being f^ards* (hallway a I?ia^cr 9^ fpirits, who fhall have any ilfll of one thoufand excife for fix^ gallons content, or upwards ea^h, fhall be charged with, and charge* of low fhall pay cxcife for fix charges of low wines for every fuch wines for 28 ftiUf for twentoy-eight days next after the day on which fuch locking fudT"	fhall	have	fuch flill or ftills unlocked, together with

iuli, &c,* the excife of as much more pota^e, wafh, low wines, Anglings, or flrong waters, as he or fhe fhall be found to make or diflil within the faidfpace of twenty-eight days, and in the fame proportion for every fubfequent day, until fuch ftill or ftills, purfuant ^o the notice for that purpofe herein after dire&cd to be given to the colle&or, fqrveyor, and gauger, fhall b$ locked as herein is dire&ed,

XVIII.	And

%

Stills for brewing wafh

*



Digitized by Google ^

The twenty-jirji and twenty-feeond Tears qf George III.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afortdiid, that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, every diililler who (hall have any ftill or (tills under one thoufand gallons, and not lefs than five hundred gallons each content, (hall be charged and chargeable with, and (hall pay cxcife for (even charges of low wines for every fuch ft ill forxweuty-eigkt days next after the day on which fuch diftiller (hall have his or her laid (hill or flills unlocked, together with the ex-cife of fo much more pot ale, wafh, low wines, finglings, or ftrong waters as he or (he (hall be found to make or dillil within (aid fpace of twenty-eight days, and in the fame proportion for every day until fuch dill or flills, purfuant to fuch notice given to the colle&or, furveyor and gauger, as herein after mentioned, (hall be taken down and locked as herein is dire&ed,

XIX- And be it further enafted by the authority afore-hid, that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-tvyo, every diftiller who fhall have one or mope ftill or ilills under five hundred gallons, and not lefs than two hundred gallons each content, fhall be charged with, and (hall pay excife for eight charges of low wines for every fuch ftill for twenty eight days next after the day on which fuch diftiller fhall have his or her ftill or ftills unlocked, together with the cxcife of as much more pot ale, wafh, low wines, ftnglings, or firong waters, as he or (he fhall be found to make or uiftil within faid fpace of twenty-eight days, and in the fame proportion for every day until fuch ftill or flills, purfuant to fuch notice given to the cofle&or, furveyor, and gauger, as is herein mentioned, /hall be taken down 4pd locked, as herein after is di« reeled.

XX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufan4 feven hundred and eighty-two, every diftiller who fhall intend to difeontinu^ diftifting with all or any of his ftill or ftills, may, after twenty-eight days from the day of unlocking fuch his or hex ftill or ftills refpeftively, difeontinue diddling with aft or any of his or her ftill or flills, by giving notice in yritiog of fuch his or her intention, fix days before the day op which he or ftie intends fo to difeontinue, which notice (ball be ferved upon the colle&or of the dif-iri&, and the furveyor and gauger of the walk wherein fuch diftiftery fhall be carried on, requiring that his or her ftill or ftills fo intended to be c/ifcontinued from diddling, may, on a day £o be therein named, if a dill or ftills of one thou-fand gallons or upwards each content, be locked, or if under a thoufand gallons content, be taken down and locked; and ppon fpeh diftiller'fi cauling to locked, if a ftill or ftill}

A. D.

I7RI-2. Chap. 15.

And for Hills under 1000 gallon* and not it I* than 500, ftia.. pay cxcife for 7 cllarge* of loW wines for lb day* alter unlocking fucU ftill, Sec.

And forftIJIs under 500, and not lcl* than zoo gallon*, fhall pay excite for 8 charges of low wines for 28 day* after unlocking faid

ftill, *c.

Any diftiller intending to difeontinue dif-tilling may 28 days after ud locking his ftill, difeontinue by giving notice 6 days before the day he intends to difeontinue, as herein.



The twenty-firjl and twenty-fecond Tears ef George III. of one thoufand gallons or upwards, each content, fo intended to be difeontinued as aforefaid, or taking, or caufing to be taken down, all and every hia or her ftill or ftills fo intended to be difeontinued from diftilling, under one thoufand gallons content clear out of the works, and laying the fame on the ground, near the grate on which the fame was or were fixed, it (hall then be lawful for the furveyor or gauger to (trap down, and lock on the head of every fuch (till or ftills fo intended to be difeontinued as aforefaid, and to lock the door of the furnace grate, and to fcctire, flop, and lock the difeharge cock or pipe of every fuch (till or ftills; and if the furveyor or gauger (hall be prevented or hindered from fo doing, by any perfon at fuch diftillery, or by means of the diftillery’s being locked, and no perfon appearing to give him entrance, or otherwife, or if any dill or ftills of oue thoufand gallons or upwards content, (hall not be fo locked, or if under one thoufand gallons content, (hall not be fo taken down, laid, and locked in the manner herein dire&ed, fuch dilliller (hall Hand charged and charge^ able with, and (hall continue to pay excife, as if no notice had been given of fuch intention to difeontinue from diftfl-* ling with fuch ftill or ftills.

Stills of tcoo XXI. And whereas ftills of one thoufand gallons content gallonset(Hy ftt and upwards, are not required to be taken out of the works to work after jn which they are or (hall be fet, by reafon whereof they

being locked	fecrctly	opened,	and with little difficulty be fet to

without notice. »•.	3	•	,	,	•

work without notice or new declaration: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, that if at any time fubfe-^uent to twenty-four hours after fuch ftill of one thoufand gallons content or upwards having been locked, fuch ftill, fcr the works in which it is or (hall be fet (hall be found warm, the diftijler, in whofe poffcffion the fame (hall be *	fouod,	(hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, unlefs fuch ftill

(hall hare been opened upon a new declaration in manner herein mentioned.

And if any XXII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, if

ftill under 1000 any ftill under one thoufand gallons, fo taken down as afore-

gallons re- faid, (hall be replaced, or (hall after twenty-four hours from

the thne that the fame (hall have been taken down and locker contents any	,, ,	.	.

time fubfequent *d, be found warm, or if the worm tub, or water therein to ?4 hours after (hall be found warm, the diftiller in whofe poflefiion the locked, found famc ft-ji then (hall fotfeit the like fum of fifty pounds*

forfeit* 50I. un- unlcfs fuch ftfll ^aU havC bcen .fixcd and fct to “poo * left opened on new declaration in manner herein mentioned, rewdtehra- XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid* tl0D'	that	from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-

Any diftiller (and feven hundred and eighty-two, any diftiller who (hall fcondnuing, for a tjme ^(continue diddling, and (hall defirc to fet to • work again*again with fuch ftill or ftills fo difeontinued, (hall givfc (h^ give four	#	tout





The twenty-fir]} and twenty-feeond Tears of George III.	27

four days notice to the collector of the diftrift, and the fur- A. D. veyor and gauger of the walk wherein fuch diftQlcry (hall 1781-2. be carried on, of the day on which he or (he intends to be- Chap. 15.

S*n to work again ; and the furveyor or gauger (hall upon ch notice, open the locks and fattening of the dill or (tills daysDotice of of fuch diftiller, and charge him or her with excife as here- ^ day he in-in before direacd.

XXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- gauger.

(aid, that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, yvll perfon* one thousand feven hundred and eighty-two, all and every (except bra-perfon or perfons, except braziers, who (hall have any ftill zicr#)

of more than two hundred gallon% content in his or her cuf- aoo^rai-tody, whether the fame be fet ak Unfet, (hall be deemed q 1ftnt> coaSdacd common dittiller for fale, to all intents and purpofes, and at common (hall be fubjeft to all regulations to which common diftOlers d*fti%w. for (ale are fubjeft.

XXV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that DiftiUera

from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand ufing coolers, feven hundred and eighty-two, if any diftiller (hall ufe any k01*	**

cooler, through the centre whereof he or (he (hall not firtt m c ereft, or caufe to be erefted and fixed, and conftantly keep

fixed lengthways from one end to the other, a fufficient frame or ftage of wood at leaft twelve inches in breadth for the gaugers, or other officers of the excife to take the level thereof, or (hall in brewing or diftilling, make ufe of any cooler which (hall not be ferewed down, or otherwise well and fufficiently fattened to beams firmly fixed on both ends, to the walls of his or her ftill-houfe, or houfe ufed for brew-ing pot ale, or in fome other firm and fubftantial works erefted, or to be erefted for that purpofe, or (hall alter or fuffer the level, fituation, pofition, or dipping place of any cooler by him or her made ufe of, or the beams that fupport the fame, (after having been fo fixed as aforefaid) to be altered, without due notice thereof given, by the fpace of four days at leaft, to the officer or gauger of the walk in which fuch dittilleries (hall be carried on ; or if (uch diftiller, on the demand of the gauger, or other officer of excife, made to him or her, or to the perfons attending, to (hew his or her (lock, (hall not furnifh, or caufe to be furnilhed, a ftrong and fafe ladder of length fufficient to enable fuch officer to afcend to faid cooler, and fix the fame at the dip-. ping place thereof; every diftiller fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXVI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Frompaffijj*

that from and after the paffing of this aft, no diftiller Jhall thisa&, nodit put into any back or cooler, a fmaller quantity of wort, or tiller (hall pot pot ale, than four hundred gallons, or make ufe of any vef-	**1**

fel to put low wines or finglings in, which (hall be of lefsg\non*ofp©t *

content ale, 4c.

a

Digit

Google

Vpt ale or walh made of c orn not diftiil-cd in 7 days, &c. as herein, changed as new ■ wafU.

Carrying fpirits in vef-lels containing more thau 4 gallons, S:c as herein, forfeit fpirits, vefli'l, carriage, and horfe, &c.

and perfon fo conveying, forfeit ji. icc.

Diftiller, &c. ntilicenfed,

I;aving fpirits exceeding 4 gallons, Arc. as herein, fub-jcfl to like penalties

The twenty-firjt and twenty fcond Tears of George III. content than the full charge of his or her flill in which fuch low wines or finglings fhall be diftilled, or fhall make ufe of a fecond veffcl for putting low wines or finglings in, unleft the firft be full of fuch low wines or finglings, on pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence.

XXVTI. And whereas diftillers do frequently under pretence that their pot ale or wafh requires a length of time for the proper fermentation thereof, keep their backs or veffels filled for many weeks, during which time they frequently work off tire contents of faid backs privately, and replace the fame with concealed pot ale or wafh : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, all pot ale or wafh made of corn, which fhall not be diftilled in the fpace of feven days, including the day of brewing, and the day of diftilling ; and all fugar waih, or wafh made of molaffes which fhall not be diftilled in the fpace of fourteen days, including the day of breaking down the molaffes or fugar with water, and the day of diftilling ; and all wafh made of fweet waters, which fhall not be diftilled in the fpace of feven days, including tHe day of receiving, and the day of diftilling the fame, fhall be conlidcred as new wafh, and charged with duty accordingly.

XXVIII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, if any perfon carrying or conveying aquavit£> fpirits, or ftrong waters, in any veffel or veffels pontaining more than four gallons, fhall not, upon demand made by any officer or officers of excife, produce a proper permit, then in force, and fufficient to proteft and warrant the conveyance of the faid aqtiavit*9 fpirits, or ftrong waters, the faid fpirits,' and the vefIM or veffels containing the fame, fhall be feized and forfeited, together with the cart, car, or other carriage or draught, and the horfe and horfes drawing or carrying the fame; and that the porter or carman carrying or conveying the faid fpirits, fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, fhall fuffer three months imprifonment.

XXIX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feveu hundred and eighty two, any Unlicenfed diftiller or retailer of, or dealer in fpirits for lale, in whofe cuf-tody fhall be found any quantity of fpirits exceeding four gallons, except fpirits for whiph a pempit fhall be produced, or any wafh, pot ale, low wines, or fmglings, fhall be deemed to all intents and purpofes, a perfon concealing the fame, and fhall be fubjefi to the penalties to which diftillers are liable for concealing fpirits, pot ale, low wines* finglings.

Digitized

zed by Google

The twenty firjl and twenty fetond Tears of George III.	29

or wafh, or for making ufe of private veffels for the purpofe A. D. of making aquavit*, fpirits, or ftrong waters.

XXX.	Be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Chap* iy. from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand *-v^*^* feven hundred and eighty two, it (hall not be lawful for the No new fhil commiflioners of his Majefty's revenue to licence any new [],an

ffill of lefs than five hundred gallons content: Provided bHiSifeTtJ”

that nothing herein contained, fhall be conftrued to extend Ccpt as herein.

to apothecaries, chymifts, or druggifts, or perfons having

flillrfor the making experiments in natural philofophy. who

fhall be licenfedto keep dills, according to the laws now ia

force, or to afiiftant dills, for the purpofe of doubling, in

manner herein mentioned*

XXXI.	Aftd be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, No Crazier

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one	J“jJl

thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, no brazier, or &c o^imore * other perfon or perfons whatfoever, fhall make any dfll, than »2 fralions, black pot, or alembick, which (hall contain more than *c- ai herein, twelve gallons, and which fhall not contain five hundred gallons as aforefaid, without fird obtaining a licence from^one

or more of his Majefty’s commiflioners of excife, for making the fame 5 and if any brazier, or other peifon, (hall make any fuch dill, black pot, or alembick, without fuch licence, or if fuch dill, black pot, or alembick, fhall be found in the poffeffion of any brazier, or other perfon, not having

XXXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority* 1/any dill aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of found in pof-June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, if any dill

fhall be found in the pofTeffion of any perfon, fave and fuch fUll,* utei£ cept a biazier, or manufafturer in metal, unlefs fuch perfon fils, and fpirits, fhall produce a licence for keeping fuch dill, figned by one forfeited, and or more of the chief commiflioners of excife, or by the aUo 20 ' collector of the diftrift where fuch dill fhall be found, fuch perfon in whofe cudody fuch dill fhall be found, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, together with fuch dQl, and all diddling utenfils, fpirits, and materials for diddling found therewith.

XXXIII. Beit further enafted by the authority afore-	Perfons kav-

faid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June	dills of

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, in cafe any	or

diddler fhall have one or more ftdl or dills, of one thoufand u herein, may* gallons or upwards, each content, and fhall, during the have a fmall time fuch ftill or dills fhall be unlocked, diftil with any dill, to be ufed fuch ftdl, twelve charges of wafh, or pot ale, in *veiy ^	u"’-

week, in which fuch ftdl or dills fhall be unlocked, tcoi,

every fuch diddler (hall, notwithdanding any thing contained in this aft to the contrary, be permitted, for every fuch

large



The faentyfurft and tvmty-ficmd Tsars of George III. large ft ill, diddling twelve charges a week as aforefaid, ta keep a (mail ftill, not exceeding one third of the content o( fuch large ftill, for the putpoie of diililling hit or her low' wines, or Anglings only, the content of which fmaller dill or dills (hall not be charged againd fuch didiller: Provided that fuch didiller (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch fmall dill, if the fame (hall be ufed for the purpofe of diddling of wa(h or pot ale, or in any other manner than for the purpofe of didilling the low wines or dnglings from the wa(h or pot ale fo diddled by fuch larger dill.

XXXIV* And whereas great frauds are committed by diddlers in remote parts of the kingdom, who after they obtain a licence or licences, pretend they have no occafion for ufing their dills, and neverthelefs didd large quantities clandedinely: be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be liceofed to carry on the trade of di£* ty, lx. a* here- filing fpirits, unlefs fuch perfon (hall fird enter into a bond m‘	to his Majtfty,, his heirs and fucceflors, in the penalty of

two hundred pounds, conditioned to pay excife for one hundred and twelve working days in each year, for twenty eight days in the quarter of the year, commencing the fird day of January 5 twenty eight days in the quarter, commencing the fird day of April $ twenty eight days in the quarter, commencing the fird day of July ; and twenty eight days in the quarter, commencing the fird day of October, puriuant to the rules and regulations herein con* tained.

Diftilkrs XXXV. And be it eaa&ed by the authority aforefaid, ufing fliils of That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one 1000 gallons thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, every diftdler who

an allow	ma^c	u^e	cne °r m0TC ^ 0r	°nC

° " ^on8 or upwards content, (hall have an allowance or

abatement in the payment of his or her excife, at the rate

of ten pounds ter centum for all wa(h which (hall be didille4

in faid dill or dills.

Andalfoan	XXXVI. And that	every didiller who (hall make	ufe

allowance of	of one or more dill or	dills of five hundred gallons,	and

dialed" um*cr one riioufand gallons content each, (hall have an al-infills of 500 lowance or abatement in the payment of his or her excife gallons, Sec. of five pounds per centum for all wa(h diddled in faid dill or dills, which allowances	(hall be in lieu and indead of	any

allowance or abatement	granted to any didiller or diftdlera

#	in like cafes refpe&ively, by any law or laws heretofore

made; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that from god after the twenty fourth'day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, no licence (hall be granted to any perfon to make or didil aquavit*, fpirits, or drong waters, at any plaice not being a market town, where one or more

market

Nfr perfon liceofed to dif-til, nnlefs he enters into a bond to bis Majrfty, fee. in loci, pcnal-







*Tbe twenty firfi and twenty fecond Tears of George III.	ji

market or markets are and lhall be held weekly, unlefs a	A. D.

gauger (hall be ftationed in fuch place; and that any li-	1781-2.

cence granted, or to be granted to any perfon to difttl Chap. 15. aquavit**, (pints, or drone waters, (hall be null and void fo foan as the perfon or perions who obtained, or (hall obtain the fame, (ball change his or her refidence to any place from that for which faid licence is or (hall be granted.

XXXVII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, No hole In That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one ^rou°h^whlch thousand feven hundred and eighty two, no diftiller (hall itmay becharg-have any hole io the head or bread of any dill through ed. See. on paw which the fame may be charged, nor (hall any diftiller after IoL

the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, fet in any back a fmaller quantity of wort or pot ale at any one time than four hundred gallons, on pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds.

XXXVIII.	And whereas feveral frauds have been com- wherc tjckct mitted by perfons, who, upon the delivery of calks at the deeded to be place to which they have been configned, have taken from 6xed to any the heads of fuch calks the tickets prescribed by law tp be of (piriti, affixed thereto, and have fraudulently affixed the fame to main'untiTde-dther calks, containing fpiritsun lawfully diltilled: for re- hvered, &c. un-medy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, dcr pain of for-That in all cafes where a ticket is by law directed to be af- kkure °f && fixed or faitened to the head of any calk containing aqua• and ^irit8*

•vita, fpirits, or ftrong waters, upon the inland carriage

thereof, fuch ticket (hall remain and be kept affixed or fastened thereto, until the permit, by virtue of which fuch calk, and the fpirits therein contained, (hall have been conveyed, (hall be lodged with the proper officer appointed for that purpofe, and his certificate thereof (hall be obtained, upon pain of forfeiting fuch ca(k, and the fpirits therein contained.

XXXIX.	And for the more regular and orderly condu&- a minute

ing the feveral breweries and diftilleries of this kingdom, hook to be de- • and preventing frauds and miftakes arifing in the colle&ion *‘vcrc^ t0» and of your Majefty’s revenue; be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June tiller, as bere-one thoufancj feven hundred and eighty two, there (hall be in. kept in every publick brewery and dnlillery in this kingdom, by every common brewer and retailing brewer, and by every diftiller, or maker of low wines, aquavit*, fpirits, or ftrong waters for tale, a minute book, to be delivered to fuch brewer or diftiller by the furveyor or other officer of excife, appointed to furvey and vifit his or her brew-houfe, work-houfe, or ftill-houfe, which book (hall be fafely kept by fuch brewer or diftiller, and in which fuch officer or officers (hall make true entries of all the rcfpc&ive times of his or their vifiting fuch brewery or diftillery, and of all fuch other •

particulars

The twenty-jirji and twenty-fee ond Year* of G forge III. particulars relative to the (late and condition of fuch brewery or diftillery, as he or they (hall find neceffarv and expedient, or as he or they (hall be direded by his or their fuperior officer to enter therein ; and in cafe fuch brewer or diftifler, after requeft for that purpofe made to him or her, by fuch officer or officers, fhall either refufe to receive, or negle£t to keep fuch book, or fhall after acceptance thereof, at any time wilfully tear, deface, or aher, or caufe the fame to be torn, defaced, or altered, or make or caufe to be made any entry therein, or in cafe fuch brewer or diftiller, or the per-fon employed by him, her, or them, to attend the laid brew-houfe or ftfil-houic, (hall at any time when required by fuch officer or officers, refufe to produce fuch book, or to deliver the fame to fuch officer or officers for the purpofrs ft all for each aforefaid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch brewer or offence forfeit diftiller (ball for each and every of the faid offences, forfeit lc**	the film of ten pounds flerling.

Brewer®, &c. XL. And whereas common brewers and retailing brewers brewing or of beer and^le, and dift filers of oquavit*f fpirits, or ftrong °r watcr8^or fal«» frequently make ufeof places adjoining their own concerns for the purpofe of clandeflinely brewing, distilling, or concealing their liquor*; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourtlwday of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, if the owner or occupier of any houfe, (lore, or other place adjoining to the dwelling-houfe, brewery, or diftillery of any common brewer, or retailing brewer of beer, ale, or of any maker or diftiUer of aquavitfpirits, or ftrong waters for fale, or if any fervant or perfon employed by him or her refpe&ively, in faid premiffes, fhall, upon demand made in the day-time, refufe to give admittance to any gauger or gaugers, or other officer or officers of excife, or fhall not allow him or them to enter and fearch fuch houfe, (lore, or place for any beer or ale, aquavit*, fpirits, ftrong waters, pot-ale, waih, low wines, or ling-lings, which fuch officer or officers fhall have reafonable or probable caufe to fufpe& to be fraudulently concealed therein, fuch owner or occupier fhall in every fuch cafe forfeit the fum of fifty pounds. .

XLI. And be it further ena&ed by the authorityafore-

refnfing en-r try, &c.

forfeit 50I.

Officer, if no

perfon attends, laid. That if no perfon fhall attend or appear in fuch houfe, ftore, or place as aforefaid, to give entrance to fuch officer or officers, it fhall be lawful for fuch officer or officers in the day time, in the prefence of a conftablc, or other lawful officer of the place (who are hereby refpc&ively required to be aiding and aflifting therein) to break open, enter, and to make fearch .in fuch houfe, (lore, or place for fuch li-' quara as aforefaid, which he or they may. have reafonable

may break f.peo, in pre-nee of a con< ft able.

or

»

The t<weniy-firji awl t*wenly-fecond Tears of George III.

©r probable caufe to fufpedl to be fraudulently concealed therein.

XL.II. Provided always, That if upon fearch no fuch liq uors fhall be found) fuch officer or officers fhall repair all the damage done, or make reafonable fatisfa&iort for the And if noli-fame to the owner or occupier of faid premifles.	*	<l}Lor

XL 111. Provided neverthelefs. That if the door fo broken pai^dwnages. or forced, (hall open into, or immediately from fuch brewery But tlw or diftillery, or any part of the premifles thereunto belong- door broken ing, and that fuch brewer or dilliller, or the perfon who fhall open fhall fhow the ftock of fuch brewer or dilliller, (hall refufe t0 orimmeUi-or omit upon demand made, to open the fame, and to give brewery!*oxi reentrance to fuch officer or officers, then, and in every luch fufal to open, cafe, fuch brewer or dilliller fhall forfeit the fum of fifty hrrwerfor-pounds.	k*ts Sol.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- From 24 faid. That from and after the laid twenty fourth day of Tune 1782, June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, every hrewer °r other

common brewer and retailing brewer, and every dilliller or

, r 1	•	.	®	r	• •	n 1	(lock to officer,

maker of low wines, aquavtU, lpints, or llroug waters, or

the wife of fuch brewer, dilliller, or the perfon who fhall at any time admit or give entrance to any gauger or gaugers, or other officer of excife, into the brew-houfe, work-noufc, or ftfll-houfe, ftore or flores, or other part of the pre-mifles belonging to fuch common brewer or retailing brewer or dilliller fhall fhow, or caufe to be fhown, to fuch officer or officers, all the flock on hand of b^er, ale, guile, worts, walh, pot-ale, fpirits, Anglings, or low wines of or belonging to fuch brewer or dilliller, and make or give or caufe to be made and given, a declaration of the fame, viz, “ That the Hock fo	£‘vc *

•* fhown is all the flock of or belonging to fuch brewer or ft^kffiowVw * “ diftiller,” or\ pain of fifty pounds, to be forfeited by, fuch all the ftock of brewer or dilliller for every time he or Ihe, or any fuch per- (kid brewer, fon who (hall give entrance or admiflion as herein before mentioned, Ihau refufe or omit, upon demand, to fhow, or °n °r Cl 50 * caufe to be fhown, fuch ftock, or to make fuch declaration as aforefaid.

XLV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- perfonscar-faid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June,	rying	on	brew-

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, as often as the	*c	^or *n-

trade of brewing or diftilling fhall be exercifed or carried on by, in the name, or for the ufe of any infant or perfon under aforcfiid, &c. the age of twenty one years, the perfon or perfon* fo carry-	.

ing on, or exercifing faid trades, or cither of them, fhall be liable to the payment of all duty or duties of excifc, and of ^11 penalties and forfeitures that may be incurred, and become payable by the laws of exeife, and fubjedl to fuch regulations and reftri&ioQS, as fully to all intents and purpofes.

Vol. VII.	C	sa

From 29th Sept. 1*733, all brewers of ale and hrrr fh .11 tun or (lore their liqntfr in booOie^ds Ice. a« hurt in,

on penalty of

si.

'Strong beer,' /fee. frtdnd in .veffd exceeding 68 gallons, and «nd«r5co. gallons.

forfeited with . vcflel, fee. as 'herein.

The twenty fitjl and iwentyfecond Tears of George III. as if fuch perfon or perfons fo carrying on Juch trades, or either of them, was or were adult, and of full age.

XLV1. And V/hereas a pra&ice prevails amongfl feverd common brewers and retailing brewers of beer and ale for Tale, to tun into, and deliver their beer and ale in calks of uncertain meafure, under the general description of hogfheads, barrels, and half-barrels, to the great diminution of bis Majefly’s revenue, and to the prejudice of the fair trader and of the publick : for remedy whereof, be it en-a£lcd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty three, every common brewer or retailing brewer of flrong beer or ale for (ale, (hall tun or (lore his or her flrong beer, ale and guile into hogfheads, barrels, halfbarrels, and quarter-barrels only, each of which refpe&ively (hall be of the content herein after mentioned 5 and that fuch brewer or brewers (hall not deliver any flrong beer or ale in any cafk or veffel to a retailer or other perfon to fell again, fave only in hogfheads or barrels; and if any fuch brewer (hall, after the laid twenty-ninth clay of September, tun or ftore his or her (Irong beer, ale, or guile, into any calk or veffel, fave only into hogfheads, barrels, half-barrels, or quarter-barrels; or fhall deliver any fuch beer or ale in any cafk or veffel, to a retailer or other perfon to fell again, fave only in hogfheads or barrels, that then fuch brewer fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds.

XLVII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, all ftrong beer, ale, guile, or wort, found by any officer of excife in the poffeflion of any common brewer, or mailing brewer, in any cafk, the full contents of which (hall exceed fixty-eight gallons, each gallon containing two hundred and le-ventecn cubical inches and fix tenths of a cubical inch, and fhall be under five hundred gallons of the content aforefaid, fhall and may be feized and forfeited, together with the cafk containing the fame ; and that every cafk containing flrong beer, ale, gnile, or worts, the full contents whereof fhall exceed forty-two gallons of the content aforefaid, fhall be deemed an hogfhead, and ratpd as containing fixty-eight gallons ; and that every cafk containing flrong beer, ale, guile, or worts, the full contents whereof fhall exceed twenty-one gallons of the content aforefaid, fhall be deemed a barrel, and rated as containing forty-two gallons ; and that every cafk containing flrong beer, de, guile, or worts, the full contents whereof fhall exceed eleven gallons of the content aforefaid, fhall be deemed an half-barrel, and rated as containing twenty-one gallons; and that the common

brewer.

*The i&entjfr/t api twenty fcamd Tearf of George III.	35

: bre.wcr, or retailing brewer* in wfiefe quftody fuch veficl or A. D."

▼elTds (hall be found as 'aforefaid, (hall, upon all charges r 1781-2.

. made by the gauger on account of ftrodg beer, ale, guile. Chap. 15.

< or wort* contained therein» vpay excife according to the V —

.rates aforefaid: Provided that. nothing herein contained,

: (hall be couftrued to prevent fuch brewers from ftoring (Irong

•	beer, ale, or guile, in vats oc vefiels of above five hundifd gallons content.

XLrVIII. And whereas by the herein before in part incited a6l, made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of . your * Msyefty’s reign, the prices at which ftrong beer and ale (hall be bought and fcld, are afcertaiqed : and whereas .ieveral common brewers, and retailing brewers, in order to

•	Xtke undue advantages, of fair traders, have in many in* fiances evaded the faid a 61 by fee ret gratuities and compen-iations, and by abatements in other liquors fold by them to

- the purchasers of their beer and ale, and by various other means, in confcquence .whereof thje quality of malt liquors

•	hath, been greatly reduced rand impaired, the confumptiort ■ thereof much difeouraged, and ihe confumers impofed upon:

•	for remcdyi whereof, be it cnacled by the authority afore-

r find, t That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of From 34 June, one xhoufand feven. hiinincd ana eighty-two, if any June *782, no common brewer, or retailing brewer of. ilro.ig beer or ale, ^fldo/in010" t>r any perfon for or on. behalf of foch b:$wer or brewers, anyway (lull

•	(hall* by any bounty or gift of money by^ w»y of loan, or reduce the price Otherwise, or by letting a, hpufe or houfes under the real ai.c» *c- *■

•	value, ^or by paying houfe rent,, or, part thereof, or by any * abatementia the.-fide of fpirita^ or any oth?r liquors or article, or by any gratuity, epofidemion, or Compenfatioa

.made or given*. oc pmmiied to be made, or_git_*i, to any retailer buying beer or ale from fpeh blower or brewers, or to any other perfon in truft for fuch retailer buying beer or ale : from fuch brewer or brewers, or by any other device o^con-trivance whatfoever, whereby the price of ale fold, or to be fold by fuch brewer, (hall be reduced below the rate of eighteen (hillings and four pence per barrel, fuch barrel containing thtityitwo gallons, each gallon to meafure five hundred <arid (cventeen cubical inches and fix-tenths qf a cubical inch, or 'whereby any quantity of beer or ale (hall be fold between

•	the prices of eighteen (hillings and four pence, and twenty-two (hillings by the like barrel, or, whereby the price of ftrong beer or porter fo bought from fuch brewer (hall be

, reduced befow the rate of twenty-two (hillings by the like barrel; or if any retailer or other perfon buying beer or ale

•	to,fell again, (hall in any manner accept of, or receive any $0\m each for

1 eonfideration for the purpofe aforefaid, every fuch common every offence.

' brewer* or retailing brewer,-who (hall fell, and every fuch actaflo* or etber perfon# who (hall to fell again, (ha1! r	C	2	|4	xefpe&ively

36	The twentyfrjl and Vtocnijfttbnd Yean of George III.

A. ft. refpe&ively forfeit the film of fifty pounds for every offence 1781-i. fo committed.

Ch£p. 15.	XLIX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

t That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, Ou in forma- one thoufand feven hundred and righty-two, if any informal tTnu'f tion (hall be brought againil the buyer or feller of fuph evidence. See. ' ftrong beer, ale, or porter, for the penalties by them ref-^ herein, and pectively incurred as aforefaid, upon the trial of fuch infor-ciivitled to a	mat ion, the buyer (hall be admitted to give evidence againil

r.ioicry of the ^ fejjer> ot tfcc fclkr agai*nft the buyer, as the cafe may be; penalty o 30* ^ jy cl*ther buyer or feller be the informer* the perfon {6

•	firlt informing* (hall, in cafe of a convidion upon fuch tn-

•	formation, be difeharged from the penalty by him or her

•	incuiYed, and (hall be intitled to a moiety of the (aid pc* nalty of fifty pounds.

The name L. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thkt

and firname from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thori*

to be given as ; kVcn hundred arid eighty-two, the name and firffame of harem )	,	r	»	®	7	•

•	every perfon concerned as partner, or in any manner mte-

•	refted in any brewery or diftillery, and for whofe account the fame is or (hall be carried on jointly with other perfons, or otberwife, (hall be given in Writing by fuch perfon to the collc&or or other officer at the excife office of the diftridt where fuch brewery or diftillery is or (hall be ere&ed, and fignify that lie or (he is a patty concerned in fuch brewery or diftillery ; and every oerfon who (hall have any (hare or

'	be concerned or interefted in any brewery or diftillery, or m

tarrying on the bufinefs of a brewer or diftiller* wit hoof c°? giving in his or her name and fumame at the excife office as °nj ° aforefaid, (hall forfeit the funrof fifty pounds.

No ftrong * Li. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, he*5 ** ^ 10 That from arid after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, ode than ad °h per thoufand feven hundred and cighty-two, no perfon or perfons quart, nor por*. (hall fell, or caufe to be fold by retail, any ftrong beer or ter higher than ale at a lower price than at the rate of two pence halfpenny nor fmail Xcct' the quart, nor any porter, at a higher price than at the than Td. per* Tatc three pence halfpenny by the quart, nor any fnudl quart *	beer, at any. higher price than at the rate of one penny by

penalty 3I. the quart, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds^ *c.	for every time fuch perfon or perfons (hall commit fuch of-

fence, which (hall be in lieu of any penalty heretofore im* pofed for faid offences fefpe&ively.

Conftablc re- LII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* rcveuue°oAca>, &*d, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, forfeit sci Sec/ one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, if any conftable (hall refufe, upon requeft made by any revenue officer, to attend and affift fuch officer in the execution of his duty, in any matter relative to his Majefty’s revdriue, where by hfar the prefence or rc-attfndan£e of a conftable is made uecefiary 4	'	'	fuch

J JP

Recital of I O. 3-<. 7.

The twentyfrjl and twenty fecond Tean of George III# f»ch conlUble for fo refufing, fball forfeit the fum of fifty pounds* over and above all other penalties, and in default of payment, lhall fuffft three irionths imprifonment.

LII I, And whereas by an aft paffed in the firft year of your Majefty’s reign, intituled, An off for continuing and amending an a8, intituled, An aSfor better regulating the coU ledion of hu Majeftfs revenue, ana for preventing frauds, and for repealing an aft made the laji fejfon of parliament, intituled,

An aS for continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made, relating to his Majefty’s revenue, and for the more ejfcBual preventing of frauds in his Majefty's cuftoms and excife, and'the fpoeral a34 and ftatutec which are mentioned if1 the faid aS, and continued thereby, it is among other things enafted, That in cafe aqy perfon or perfops Hull let out to hire* or lend any private brew-hoofe, either \yith or without utenfils for brewing, and without fuch licence as therein mentioned, firft had aod obtained, then, aqd iq every fuch cafe fo happening, the perfon or perfona fo letting qut to hire, qr lending a private brew-houfe, and the perlqn ot perfona to whom the fame lhall be fo let to hire, or lent, m*ll refpeftively forfeit the fum of fifty popnda fterlinjr, to be recovered in manner thereiq mentioned,

LIV. Aqd whereas the faid in part recited aft hath in a great meafure proved infufficient by rcafon of the fecre^y tin£or lending with which fuch frauds are carried on 5 for remedy whereof rr,'?tc^rcw* be it enafted by the authority aforelaid. That from and af* may^i^evi-ter the (aid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven ' hundred and eighty-two, upon the triad of any information for the penalties impofed by the faid aft for laid offence or offences, it lhall an<J may he lawful for the perfon or peifons fo letting to. hire, qjt lending fuch private hr^w-houfe, or for the perfon or perfon* tq whom the lame (hall be fo let or lent, as the cafe may be, if called upon qn the part of the informer, or of the perfon or persons fo letting to hire or lending fuch private brew-boufc, or to whom the fame lhall be fo let or lent, (hall be the informer or informers in fuch fo formation, to give evidence on the* trial thereof, and in cafe of a convforion upon fuch information, fuch perfon or perfons fo giving evidence, lhall be difeharged of and from the penalties fo by him or them incurred, and all the utenfils which lhall be found in fuch private brew-houfe (hall be forfeited, and applied as herein after is direfted.

LV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thouland feven hundred and eighty-two, every common brewer of beer, porter, ale, or fraall beer, and every diftiller and maker of weekly at ex-aquavita, fpirits, ftrong waters, low wines, finglings, or walh, cife office an of any kind, for fale, lhall, under his or her own band, or account, &c.

hand of fome perfon for whom he or lb e lhall be refponfi- ercin#

ble

Perfons let-

denee, and difeharged from penalty,

utenfils found forfeited, See.

Every common brewer

0

Digitized

and on omif-fion of faid return, on default of payment, forfeit 20I. flee. as herein.

Retailer felling wine, ftc. without licence forfeit to!, flee.

Per font having liceuae dying, flee, executors, Sec. may fell in faid place during continuance of licence.

Yhc twenty-jirj! and twenty-fetend Tears of George 11L ble weekly, that is to fay, on or before Saturday in every wedbf, make tru£ entry at the office of excife, under which* fuch brewer or brewers, diftiller or diftillei-a, /hall carfy on faid bufmefs of brewing ordiftilling as aforefaid, of the‘quantity and quality of all beer, porter, ale*, and fmall 'beer refpec-tively by them brewed, and of the quantity of ftrdng water* which each diftiller is or /hall be chargeable with duty for; by decre^fe of wa/li, or otherwife, fbr and during tho week, ending the Saturday next preceding, and /hall at the fame time pay and clear off,! or caufe to be paid and cleared off, the whole of the excife by him, her, or them fo payable for the fame, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every fuchomifiion, negleftor default of entry and payment*, together with a fum equal to double the duty returned by thfe gauger or gaugers to be payable by fuch brewer or diftiller for laid week, and that the tender or payment of any font /hort of the duty fo returned to bepayahle, /hall not exempt fuch brewer or diilillcr from the payment of any part of the penalty aforefaid; which entry and payment of duty, at the time, and in the manner herein mentioned, or penalty on default thereof, (hall be in lieu and in /lead of all penalties for default of weekly entry and payment of duty for beer, porter, ale, fmall bc£r, aquavit* 9 fpirits, ot ftrong waters, impofed any law or laws heretofore made.

LVI. And whereas the laws now in force have been found infufficient to* prevent the fale of wine, brandy, and fpirit8, without licence, be it further cna&ed by” the authority aforefaid, That if any retailed of wine of fpirits /hall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eigHty-two, fell any wine, brandy, oY* fpirits of any kind whatfoever, in any houfe, /hop, or room, or at any fair, aflizes, or feflions, or other place whatfoever, without a licence or licences firft had and obtained for the felling thereof, the peri'on or perfons fo offending therein, /hall for every fuch offence by him or her committed, forfeit the fym of ten pounds fterlmg, the fame to be in lieu and (lead of all former penalties ana forfeitures impofed for fuch offence by any formet a & or a&s.

LVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, if any perfon or perfons liccnfed to fell beer, ale, wine, fpirits, or cyder, /hall die, or remove from the houfe or place wherein he, /he, or they was or were licenfed to fell liquor or liquors as aforefaid, the executors, adminiflrators, or affigns, of the perfon or perfons fo dying or removing, as the cafe may be, who /hall be poffeffed of fuch houfe or place, may lawfully fell therein fuch liquors as were liccnfed there to be fold, until

the

The tewenty-firjl and twentyfecond Years of George III. the. expiration of the term for which faid licence (hall have i

LVIII. Provided always. That the faid licence (hall be Chap. 15* produced to the gauger, or other officer of excife, when, v—-y~J-required.	. Provided.kid

LIX. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore*

(aid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of Jtn*, qoired. one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, no, licence (hall No lkeac* entitle any perfon to fell beer* ale, wine, fpirit#, or cyder, flul} eiuide any in any other than the houfe or places thereunto belonging, Se ° wherein the perfon or perfons fo obtaining fuch licence, ber^b.

(hall have inhabited at the time of granting fuch licence^ and that fuch licence, with regard* tp all other places, (hall be null and void.

LX. And be it further ena&ed by thoauthority aforefad, From 14 That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one, al^pcrfoni’li-thoufand feven hundred, and eighty-two, every perfon li-< cenfed to fell cenfed to fell beer, ale, wine, fpirit 0, or cyder, (hall have,ale, Ac. (hill or caufo to be painted on aboard with, letters publickly vtfible* havc and legible, at leaft an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white ground, his or her name and &c. u herein, firname, at full length, and the words bkatfed to fell •mine* fpints, malt liquors, or cyder, a* the o*f<| may be, and (hall affix the fame on fome confpicqous plane on the outfidc o£ the front of his, her, or their houfe, not more than thfte feet difiance from the top of the (hop door, or ftreet dpor of faid houfe, and preferve and keep up the fame during the time he, (he, or they (hall continue to fell faid liquors, or any of them, or in default thereof, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

LXI. And in order to prevent the fraud* committed*by An* office* perfons felling liquor* without licence: Be it ena&ed by the ;n ^uf time authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth may enter fuch day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-two, *c-it (hall and may be lawful for any furveyor, gauger, or other ©f ^ Iktnse! officer of cxcife in the day time, and in the prefcact of a Ac. conftable to enter any (hop, ft cue-room, or houfe whereeA is affixed any fuch (how-board or notification, importing that there is a licence to fell beer, ale, wiqe, fpirit s, qr cyder therein, and to demand a view of the licence, under or by virtue of which the perfon or perfons refiding therein (hall claim a liberty to fell faid liquor or liquors, and he (haU be permitted to take a qopy thereof, if any fuch licence (hall	®°	h-

be produced; and if no fufficient licence (hall be produced, ^cerPmay de-* that fuch officer dial} and may demand the licence monjy mandtheli-payable for all or any of the liqqprs fo notified or fold with- cence money out fufficient licence, and upon non-payment thereof, (hall P*y*t>lc fo* and may take a diftrefs for the faid licence money, and fell o^^boiird^ filch diftrefo i and if (aid diftrefs (hall be fo)d for more than and on rcfufcd.

the

been granted.

Digitized by

> *

4*

A. D.

1781-2. Chap. 15.

Tbf twcnty-firjl and twenty feeond Tears of George IT I. the amount of fuch licence money, and the neceffary charges incident to the taking and felling fuch diftrefs, the overplus -(hall be returned to the owner or occupier of the houfe from whence fucli diftrefe fhall be fo taken.

•optymaydi- LXII. And whereas many frauds have been pra&ifed by over- groccrs an^ fhop-keepers, who under pretence of their being plus to <vv*ner. wholefale importers, and by various other fhifts have endea-All ptrloiw voured to evade the laws, compelling retailers of wine, dealingin fpi- brandy, or other fpirits, to obtain licence for felling faid II-^ne'lk«p»for^' <luors, to the injuiy of your Majefty’s revenue, and of the frle thcjcflf, fair trader in that behalf; be it ena&ed by the authority deemedrc- aforefaid, that from and after the palling of this ad, all and toilers. » every perfon and perfons, dealing in fpirits of any kind, who fhall keep a {hop or (hops for the faie of excifeable goods, or for whofe foie or joint ufe or benefit any (hop for the fale ' of excifeable goods is, or (hall be kept, either in his or her name, or in the name or names of any other perfon or perfons, (hall be deemed and taken to be a retailer and retailers of fpirits, and (hall be fubjed to the rules, regul&ti- • ons, ref.ridions, forfeitures, and penalties, for want of li-oence, certificate, dr othenvife, as the cafe fhall be, or for or on account of any other matter or thing whatfoever that common retailers of fpirits are fubjed and liable to, not-withftanding any importation or importations of goods and commodities by wholesale by fuch peifon or perfons fo being, or pretending to be, wholefale merchant or merchants, or any certificate obtained, or to be obtained for that pur-pofe.

One or more	LX II-I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforc-

coni“ faid> fr°m an<^ after the twenty-fourth day of June, hr^^nd deter- °ne thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, it (hall and may mine all corn- he lawful-to and for any one or more of the chief commif-plaints, and fioners of exeife to hear and determine all complaints, and levy all forfci- to levy, or caufe to be levied, all forfeitures, fines, and penalties that fhall be incurred hy* or againft any perfon cr perfons for felling wine or fpirits without licence, in the fame manner, and as effedually to all intents and purpofes, . as any three of the faid chief commiflioners are now impower-ed to do, with like remedy of appeal as herein after mentioned.

LX1V. And whereas there is reafoq to apprehend that £e-veral frauds may be committed by perfons clandtftinely landing tobacco, and vending the fame as tobacco of the growth of this kingdom 5 for prevention whereof,, be (t enaded by On id Auc authority aforefaid, that on or before the firft day of 178*2, every5' Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and perfon having on or before the firft day of June in every entiling year, all *ny tobacco and every pCrf0n and perfons who fhall have any tobacco phmed in this p]ante^ or g^^ring within this kingdom far fale, or on a

portion

vc. ior idling wine, A c. without • licenfc.

I

The twenty-frfl and iweniyfecond Tears of George III.	4t

portion of ground exceeding one quarter of a rood for pri- Am D. vate ufe and confumption, fhall give or-fend notice in wri- 1781-2. ting to the coUe&or of the diftria where fiich tobacco fhall Chap. 15. be growing or planted, of the tobacco grounds in his, her, or their pofleffion, and of the county, barony, parifh, town- kingdom for (hip, and place wherein the fame lie, with the exa& quan-	*

tity of ground planted with fuch tobacco, which notice (hall	eirrcd-

be figned with his or her name, on pain of forfeiting the 'in# 1 4th of a fum of twenty pounds fletling for every acre, and fo in pro- r°°d tor ^rivata

portion for any quantity not lefs than one quarter of a rood ^hf. lhallgiye 1	^ J r • z. c e	in*	•	r	\	•	notice id wn-

pianted for private ule, for neglecung to give fuch notice, ting to col-a copy whereof (hall be given by the collc&or to the fur- lctfor. veyor and gauger of fuch walk refpe&ively.

LX V. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that Amj ^ifogire from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven 3 day* notice of hundred and eighty-two, eveiy perfon or perfons who (hall time of cutting have any tobacco planted or growing for fale, fhall give no-tice in writing to the furveyor, gauger, or other officer of excife of the walk wherein fuch tobacco (hall be growing, of the day on which he, (he, or they (hall begin to cut, pull, or gather the faid tobacco, three days before he or (he (hall begin to cut, pull, or gather the fame, and in like manner give the like notice before he (hall put faid tobacco, or any part thereof, into any package, trufs, box, or calk whatsoever, ou pain of forfeiting all tobacco cut, pulled, gathered, or packed, without giving fuch notice.

LXVI. And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, And perfons that all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo making up or muAprovtde packing fuch tobacco for fale, (hall provide proper feales fc*ie» to weigh and weights fufficient for weighing his or her tobacco in at each draft drafts, not lefs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds •ndm each; and before he or (he fhall pack up any of faid tobacco, w" and fhall, in the prefence of fome officer of excife, weigh and pack fame In pack the fame in packs, boxes, or calks, not containing lefs boxes contain-than four hundred and twenty-five pounds each: provided j"*425ib,at the whole quantity, fo grown for fale, (hall amount to fo lca * much, and after the fame fhall be weighed and packed, the officer fhall number the package or packages, and (hall mark on each package the net weight of tobacco contained therein, and give fuch planter a certificate for the fame, and fuch planter fhall lodge fuch certificate at the excife office of the diftria, within fix days after receiving the fame 5 and the officer who fhall receive fuch certificate, fhall give fuch planter a copy thereof figned by him, certifying that the original is lodged in faid office.

LXVI I. And be it enaaed by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand Using to perfons fevfcn hundred and eighty* two, all rules and regulations in dealing in t©-the feveral afts of parliament heretofore made and to be hacco, extended abferved by perfons flaring, dealing in, manufkauring, or growth of this

having country.

Digitized by v^ooQie

7'beiiveniy-jrrft and tvsintyfaond Tears of George III. having in their cuflody imported tobacco, and all rules and regulations enacted thereby, relative to permits and certificates for the fame,, {hall be, and the fame are hereby extended to all perfons having, manufacturing, or dealing in tobacco of the growth of this kingdom, whether fuch tobacco fhall be (lured,. carried, conveyed, or in a courfe of conveyance from one port or place of this kingdom to an*-other, or ihall he fold or delivered by one perfon to another, as fully a3 if tobacco of the growth of this kingdom had been exprcfsly mentioned in fald laws, rules, and regit-lations, lave only, that initead of the words duty paid, or number of warrants^ or importers names being exprefled in fuch certificates and permits, that the names of the planters, growers, and fellers of fuch tobacco (ball be entered therein.

LAVIIL And whereas the laws heretofore made to prevent the clandeftine importation of tobacco, have not proved fuificient to anfwcr the intended purpofe; therefore be it On clandeftine ena&ed by the anthority aforefaid, that from and after the importation of twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred

•	IK«n	. * .	^	_	_	1	rt	• 1 •

and ciglity-two, if any tobacco Ihall be clandestinely imported, or fecretly brought into this kingdom, without due entry aud payment of the duties chargeable thereupon, the (hip, veflel, or boat, in which the fame (hall be fo clan-ddliuely imported, with all the guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel thereunto belonging; and alfo all fuch tobacco (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the revenue; and in cafe fuch veflel or goods cannot be feized, the mailer, or other perfon having change of the veflel in which fuch goods (hall have been fo imported or brought, (hall forfeit the whole value thereof.

____	_	LX1X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

ing falfe eertifi- feid, that if any officer of any port, member or creek of catedifmiflcd, this kingdom, (hall knowingly grant or make any falfe certificate relative to the landing of any goods or merchandize® out of any (hip or veflel, that fuch officer fhall lofe his employ raent, and moreover forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and fuller one year’s imprifonment, without bail or plain-prize, and be incapable of ferving your Majcfty in any place of trull concerning your Majefty’s revenue in this kingdom ; and if any perfon whatsoever (hall knowingly

tobacco, ftii] &c. forfeit!

Officer grart-

forfeit 50I. fufler 1 year’s imprifonment, and rendered incapable of ferving his Majeily,

forging certificate, &c. forfeit counterfeit, raze, alter, or forge any cocket, certificate, or i°°l.	returr,	tranfire,	or let-pads, or any cuftora-houfe warrant,

fuch perfon (hall forfeit one hundred pounds, and the whole of fuch cocket, certificate or return, tranfire, or let-pafa, or other warrant, (hall be invalid and of none effe&; and if any goods, wares, or merchandizes, whether the fame be cuftomable or excifcable, or otherwise brought or coming into any port, haven, or creek within this kingdom, from

any

On' tny fr:a!'‘ account of

iix	h#ef Uttotyjfir&liitTto tftibmg? IffV

*ty other port, ha vert, or citA'Withfci this kidgdom, by ptot cocktt, ttafcCire, letwpafe, or certificate, ilk any1 (hip or YcffeU (hall be landed or put on (bore before fuch' eockef, trarirre, \et-paft, or -certificate expreffing the whole, and all aild tvery article of fuch vefftPs cargo, whether cofforoabte or excifcable, or not, fhall be delivered to the cuftomei*, ctWiptroller, collet or, or other chief officer of the port or place of their arrival, or to their deputy or deputies, and before X warrant or fufferance (hall be made and given by fuch cuftomer, comptroller, or eolleftor, or his or their deputy or deputies as aforefaid, for the - landing anddifeharging thereof, then and in evfcry fuch cafe, fuch goods. Wares, or merchandizes fo landed, (hall be forfeited* and (hah and may be feized by any officer of your Majeft^h revenue*

LXX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that in cafe aity information (haft be commenced Und on brought to trial on account1 of any friztire of aftry (hip or any (W .ure goods, as forfeited, by virtue of this, or any other aft of	c>	c,rc

parliament relating to your Majefty V'caftoms or exeife, ^pLt for"4 wherein a verdift lhall be* found for the defendant or claimer cl^a**. a»wUi thereof, and it (hall appear to the jmige or’court, before appeals to the whom the fame (hall have been tried^-mat there wall a pro-babkeaufe o£ feizttrt, the judge, or ^ttrt bifbrcwhorti the j0r fuch feizure, had information* fhall have been tried; may Certify- on the thr >ml?e may record, that there was a probable caufe for fuch feizure certify iuch having been made,andinfiich eaife, the defendant or claimer	^

lhall not be intitled to any cofts of fuit‘ whatfoever, nor to cofo ^ fall the perfon or perfons who made ftxch feizure, or caufed fuit, nor the the fame to be made, be liable to any aftioii, indictment, fciaore to any or other fuit or profecution, on account of fuch feizure: a^lOD>®cc-and ixr cafe any aftion, indiftment, or other fuit, or profe-cution (hall be comirienced and brought to trial agairift any perfon or perfons whatfoever, orr account of any feizure of any (hip or goods* as forfeited, by virtue of this or any other aft of parliament relating to yrtbr Majefty’s ciiftoms and excife, and a verdift (hall be given Sgairill the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion, indiftmentV fuit, 'or profecution, if the court, or judge before whom fuch aftion of profe- • cation (hall have been tried, fhall certify ota the record, (hat there was a probable caufc for fuch feizure, then the plain-tiff or plaintiffs (hall not be intitled to cofts of fuit, nor to above two pence damages, befides fuch (hip and goods, or (hips or goods, as the cafe (ball be, or the valuC thereof at the time of the feizure, nor fhall the defendant or defendants in any fuch profecution, where it appear to the judge, or court before whom fuch defendant hr defendants (hall be tried, that there was any fuch certftft&te given as afotefaid, or that there was a probable Caufe of feizure, be fined one fiuDimr.	'

^	LXXI.	And

Carman taking goods without gate-note, forfeit 40a. car, hurlo, ftc.

and porter offending herein forfeit 40*. ftc.

Recital of *4 ft iS C. a.

all good*

•n (hipped, landed, or (hipped offwithout licence, forfeited.

' The twmty-Jir/t andtwentyfecond Thun if Ccotge Ilf.

LXXI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afoiy«« faid, That from and immediately after the palling of this a&» if any carman Ihall take any goods, wares or merchandizes of any kind whatsoever, from off the cuftom-houfe quay in the city of Dublin, without firft obtaining from the proper officer a gate-note, permitting futh goods, wares, or merchandizes to be taken from off fuch quay, fuch Carman (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, together with the cart, car, or other draft, and the horfe or horfes drawing or carrying the fame ; which cart, ear, or other draft, and fuch horfe or' horfes, may be feized for fuch offence, by any officer of your Majcfty*s revenue; and if any porter (hall carry any goods, wares, or merchandizes, from off fuch quay, without firft, obtaining fuch gate-mote as afore-faid, fuch porter (hall forfeit the like fum of forty (hillings; and in default of piytnent of the (aid reipedive penalties bj fuch carman or porter, fuch carman or porter (haQ be iroprv-foned for one month, without bail or mainprize^

LXXIL Whereas by an ad made in the fourteenth an$ fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty King Charles the fecond, cntituled, vf* ad for fettling 0/ tht exefs a*uf new tmpojl upon bis Mnjejlyt bis heirs andfucceQolv, according to the book of rates therein inferitd, it is among other things enaded. That all goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities whatfbever, coming in, or going out, either from or to any part or place beyond the leas, or any port or haven o£ this realm, that (hall be unlhipped at any time, before due entry of the fame made with, or the warrant of licence had and obtained, from the officer of excife in the port where fuch goods (hall be unlhipped, landed, or (hipped off, for doing thereof (hall be loft and forfeited; and whereas the faid recited daufe hath been found dcfe&ivc, by the words M or (hipped off” having been omitted after the word u unfhipped” and before the word ** at”; for remedy whereof, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the (aid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, all goods, wares* merchandizes, and commodities whatfoever, coming in, or going out, either from or to any part or place beyond the leas, or any port or haven of this realm, that (hall be unihipped or (hipped off at any time before due entry of the fame made with, or the warrant or the licence had and obtained, from the officer of excife in the port where fuch goods (hall be unfhipped, landed, or (hipped off, for doing thereof, (hall be loft and forfeited.

JLXXIII. Whereas for the better levying the duties upon all goods and merchandizes which are brought in or carried out of this kingdom, which are not rated in any book of rates, and pay duty of cuftom, ad valorem^ it is provided

hl

, Tit fmtentyfrjl and twenty fccond Tears of George III.	45

by an aCl paffed in the thirty-third year of his late Majefly’s A. D. reign, intituled* An ad for better regulating tie colledion of	1781-2.

bis Majefly's Revenue, ana for preventing of frauds therein ; Chap. ty. and for Repealing an ad made the lajl fjfion of parliament^ in-	—-^-1

tituted, An ad for continuing and amending Jeveral laws here- 33 G. a. tofore made relating to bis Majcjiy V revenue^ and for the more c* ejj/edual preventing of frauds in 'bis MajcJlj's cujioms and excife, and the Jeveral adt and ftatutes which are mentioned in the faid ‘ sd9 and continued tier, by f that if it (hall appear to the collector, comptroller* or other proper officer, that fuch goods or merchandizes are not valued by the oath or affirmation of the merchant, accbrding to the true value and price thereof, v that then the collector, on paying to the importer or owner the value of faid goods and merchandizes lb fworn to, or affirmed, together with an addition of ten pounds per centumf over and above fuch value, (hall caufe the faid goods to be fairly and publickly fold for the bed advantage, and that the produce thereof, after re-payment of the money paid to fuch importer or proprietor, fhall be accounted for by fuch collector, as the duties arifing on fuch goods; but by rea-fon that no reward is giveo to fuch collector, for his trouble in conducting the bufinefs of faid fales, the remedy provided by faid aCts, for the better encouragement of faid collector to do his duty, in fuch cafes, is feldom reforted to ; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe, colle&or or it fhall and may be lawful for the collector, or other proper other officer officer at the refpeCtive ports, to take and receive to his	**

own ufe, one moiety of the overplus, which fhall remain onem«* after paying to the importer or proprietor of fuch goods,1 ety of the over-the value fworn to or affirmed, and the ten pounds per centum to his own thereupon, the other moiety to be accounted for, as by faid ufc* *c“ aCt is directed.

LXXIV. And whereas in many cafes, the veflels or pack- Where packages which contain goods and merchandizes thit are unrated ages of rnl vain their value, are of as great or greater value than the goodslue* ***7*™t# they contain 5 be it enaCted by the authority aforefait}, *** nty*

That in all cafes where fuch veffels or packages are of read value, the value thereof fhall in every valuation be added to the value of the goods, and pay duty accordingly.

LXXV. And whereas the collectors of your Majefty’s quit rent, revenue, and thofe employed by them, have been frequently See. obliged to diftrain for quit rent, crown rent, compofition rent, and other rents payable to your Majefty, your heirs and fuc-ceffors, and diftrefTes taken for the fame have been frequently refeued, by reafon whereof the collection of the rents aforefaid hath been rendAed difficult and expenfive ; for remedy whereof* be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand level hundred and eighty-two, in all cafes, where any dif-

trets

cer may retain all charges and. expcnce* attending fame.

Frauds to avoid duty on carriages;

•	Tears of Georgs III.

ffefs br difocflesfhaH be taken on- any lands, tenements, or lie^kftmenlS» any quit rent, -crown, composition, or vdher rert% payable »io your Majefty, your heirs and Cuccef-;j fors/then dfce, and in arrrear, and chargeable thereon, it when'- di(Ireks'fhaH and rti£y be lawful .for fuch coifedlors, and thofe ira-taken, A'c.ofS* powered Hf them,todiftrain for -the fame, to dedu& and retain out df the valiie of focb diftrefs or diftredes, or out .of the money fbHing by falc thereof, all fuch neesrflary charges and exp cnees, ewer and above the rent fo in arreeuy a* Shall neceffavily be incurred in the takipg, fccuriog, and .felling fuch difttefi or diffcrefies.

- LXXVL And whereas* many frauds have been committed by perfons, who in order to evade the duties upon carriages with four wheels'and two wheels, make ufe of a cars Tiage or carriages with wheels of fuch fnrall djmenfions, .as •ate properly fuited to cabriolets ■ or garden chairs, intended only for pleafure, giving the name of cabriolets-or. garden 'chairs to fuch carriages, fo ufed upon journies and-otheryrife; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority afore-ail cabriolet*	That	from	and	after	the	twenty-fourth day .of June,

Ac. to pay duty! one ' thcrufand (even hundred and eighty-two, no carriage except as here- whatfoever, whether * with four wheels or with twa wheels, m*	'fhall be deemed a cabriolet or garden chair, or .be exempted

from any duty as fuch, in cafe the fame (hall be ufed by any "perfon not paying duty for one or more carriage or carriages ,	with four wheels^ or in cafe the fame (hatt be ufed-upon any

publick or high road, at the di fiance of more than three milesfrom the houfe ot demefne of the perfon- to whom the ^°?ame (hall belong, unlefs for the purpofe- of fending home ^-‘^fuch carriage to the proprietor thereof when it {hall have been firfl purchafed, or for the purpofe of fending the fame to be.repaired, or returning thereof when it 4haH have been r repaired ; and that nocarriage be deemed a cabriolet or garden chair within the meaning of-this or any other law in force hr this kingdom, any of the wheels -whereof (hall be of a diameter exceeding four feet 5 any law to the contrary thereofnotwithflanding.

Any peffon v * lAAVTI. And be it further crafted by the authority fcit^Mndcr^his	* Hiat ^anT perion orperfons(hall wilfully, fatfely

Ax. ftrbjoa an4 <5otruptly. take any of the oaths or affirmation* hereby to penalties as dire^ed to be taken, and be thereof lawfully cottvi&ed by herein.	'Verdift, or upon hh or their corifeffion, he, (he, or they fo

"offending; (hall for every foch offence, incur and fuifer fuch •pertahies, forfeitures, painsartd difabilkies, as perfons eon-ti&ed of Vilful and corrupt perjury are by law habit unto 5 '' or If any perfon or perfons fhall corruptly procure or fubom any other perfon to take the faid oath or affirmation, and [ the perfon or perfons fo procuring or fuborning, (hall be ‘&fcreof convrftcdj by*tendi6h, or upon his, her, or their

confefiion.

I

fheMvatty-fsrJl and twentyfecond Tears of George IH. coftfef&on, every perfon fo offending, fhall for every fich offence*, incur and fuffer fuch penalties forfeitures, pams* and difabRities, as perfons convifted of perjury, or »£ fob-' ornatkmof perjury, are refpcftivfty, by the.laws of this kingdom, liable unto.

LXXVIII. And be it farther	by.the autWity

afbtjeftiid. That an aft made iri the thirty-third year; o((,the c-IO reigft of his late ^Majefty King George the fe§oid; intituled.

An *8for better regulating the colle&itf* of his. Majejl.y's csvS*' one, and for preventing of frauds fhtrem^ and-for ccpcaliftg an a£t made the lajl feffnms of PsrliajnM^;>	pet	for

continuing and aniitidingfcvtrdl rla v(phsrjt^re:	iclalwg to

Ins Majeffs revenue, and\fer~ tipqfcfwf tprwchting of frauds in his Mtijefly't 'cyjfioiny*nA^^ and ftahdes whibh 'tire ;'wentfated in ft he thereby ; and;aHb*tdnevotlacb a^ikatkfo tb# yean of his Majdfyfe If «£n>b miauled* A§ qd.for con:-tmnmg and amending 'inha5i;oifciitwfed, *d* to# foe letter re-guhttrng'ibe tolleStbh of his Mdjejfy's teixnUir, and for preveift< tag fraud*;1/Bbricin,' ttnd for* repealing a# ft(l made in the lajlfcjfion * of jlAtituied, An ad fon sbntuudtrg - and .amending Jei&PcdUikvS. -fei*eMfore made relating to-hie Maj fly's revenue,

* Oh#far'the ^Otoremdual preventing of frauds in his Majejly’s ftufldils and ekeijei' and the ftve 'tal ads and Jiatates which are J ibd)d!knUd in the fetid ad; arid continued thereby; and alio one ’tjtbet aft* made 4n the’third and fourth years of his Ma-ytSkfi wgitJ9 intituled. Art >ad for Continuing and amending 'two feveral etBYof Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more eft8iiatx preventing of frauds in his Alaje/y’s cu.oms and 'txci/e, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and alfo one other aft made in the fifthand fixth years of his Majcily’s reign, intituled, An a8 for continuing and amending feveral lotos relating to his Maje/ly's revenue, and for the more effectual preventing 4f frauds therein^ and for other furpofes therein mentioned ; and alfo one other aft made in the feventh and eighth years of your Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aSt for the better improvement of his Maje/ly's revenue, and for conti-‘ mhngand amending feveral a :is •therein particularly mentioned ; and alfo one other aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his Majefty’s feign, intituled, An ad jor the further improvement of his Maje/ly's r.venue, and the more effectual preventing of frauds therein,.and for continuing and amending feveral bnor heretofore Remade and: now in force, relative to his Majejly's frid revenue y fcnd alfo one other aft made in the thirteenth aod* fourteenth years of*his Majlty's reign, intituled, An aS fir continuing and'amending feveral laws now in force relating to his Majeflyys Revenue, and for the more ejfeQual preventing of "frauds therein>• aftd-' alfo one other aft .made in the fifteenth tad fixteenth years of his Majeftv’s reign, intituled.

An aSfor the improvement of bis Maje/ly's revenue, and for

3	the

33 O. 2.

v*

It ■}

I O. y. r 7

3G. 3. c. 21.

5 0. 3. c. 15.

7 G. 3. c. if.

11 If 12 G.

13 V 14 O,

c. 8.

15^*6 0. c. 15.

4®	77* twsntyfirjl and twtntyfecond Teturs of George M I«

A. D. the more effectual preventing of frauds therein, and for continue 1781-f. mg and amending fcveral laws heretofore made9 and now in Chap. 15. forcet relative to his A ajefiy'sfaid revenue ; andalfoone other ad made in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of his Ma-17 (5* 18 G. jcfty’sxreign, intituled, jin a8 for the improvement of Ids 3. c. 8.	Majefty's revenue, and the more effcQual preventing of frauds

therein, qnd for continuing and amending fcveral laws heretofore made, and now in force relative thereto ; and alfo another a€t 19 ftf 20 G. H^de in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his Majefty** 3. c 12.	reign, intituled. An ad for continuing and amending feveral

laws relating to his Majefly's revenue, and for the more effectually preventing of frauds therein, and for fuch other purpofes as are therein mention'd; and all and every the daufes theie-in refpedively contained, except fuch parts thereof as are altered, repealed, or anxndcd by this prefent ad, or by any ears'from^*	recited	ads, (hall continue and be in force for

June* 178^ and ^lc ^aceof two years from th£ twenty-fourth day of June, to end of next one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence leffion.	to the end of the next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

All penalties LXXIX. And be it further enadcd'by the authority by this a A to aforefaid, That all and every the lines, penalties, and for-by 1^3 &Cf4 C.# fc,turcs inflided by this ad, or by the faid feveral ads 2. c. 8. with of Parliament herein before lad particularly mentioned or like remedy of recited, or by any of them, other than and except fuch as by this ad, or by any of the faid recited ads of Parliament herein before laft mentioned, are otherwife provided forr lhall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and means, and with fuch power* and authorities as are preferibed, direded, and appointed, in and by an ad of Parliament made in 'the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fccond, intituled, Ah a3 for fettling the excife or new impoft upon his Majefly, his heirs and fuccejfors, according to the booh of rates therein inferted; as fully and effedually, to all intents, con-iUudions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefled, and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who lhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured as in and by the (aid ad of excife is provided.

Regulation* LXXX. Whereas the feveral rules preferibed by the for ilie fiihcries. now jn force> for the better regulating the filherics of ,	this kingdom, have been frequently evaded, and are ren-

dered difficult in general to be carried into execution, by reafon that the perfons fuhjed to fuch rules, are ufually at' fea, and out of the reach of any magiftrate; therefore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this ad, it lhall and may he lawful for any perfoo or perfons, not exceeding the number of three, to

7**? imuiyfirjl and tevytyfecond Teats of George III. be appointed for that purpofe by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed from time to time to remove and appoint others in his or their room to fuperintend and infpedfc faid fiflicries refpe&ivcly ( and in order to enforce and carry into cffc&ual execution the fercral laws heretofore paffed, or which (hall hereafter be ensued for the prefervation or improvement of faid fiftie-ries, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed from time to time, to enter on board every vcffcl fitted out on the bounty for fifhing, and lying in any harbour, creek, or haven of this kingdom, within head land and head land, to examine and fee that all the fevetal laws and regulations made or to be made for the better prefervation and improvement of the faid fifheries be duly obeyed by all and every perfon or perfons concerned therein; and upon any complaint made, or information given upon oath to faid perfon or perfons refpe&ively (which oath they, and each of them, is and are hereby impowered to adminiflcr) again ft any perfon or perfons relative to and for the pun i foment of aoy offence which (hall be committed againft faid laws, or any of them, to iffue a warrant or warrants agaiufl the perfon or perfons fo complained of, or informed againft, and to caufe luch perfon or perfons fo complained of or informed againft, to be apprehended and brought before fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed to infpeft as afore-CM; and if it (hall appear to fuch iufpedor or infpe&ors, by the tcib'mony upon oath of fuch informer, or other witnefs or witneffes, that the perfon or perfons fo informed againit, or complained of, (hall have been guilty of the offence or offences with which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been fo charged, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed to infpedl as afortfaid, foali by warrant under his or their hand and feal, caufe all and every the fine or fines to which faid offender or offenders is or are, or (hall be liable, to be levied by diftrefs and file of the goods of fuch offender ; and for want of fuch dillrefa or payment, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the gaol of the county in which fuch offender (hall be brought, before fuch infpe&or or infpe&ors as aforefaid, there to regain for the time or tiroes prescribed by law in fuch cafes re-(peftively ; and if the perfon or perfons fo complained againft AsII abfeond, or refufe to come before fuch infpe&or or in-ipedors, that then, upon notice in writing to be ferved upon the lath place of abode of fuch perfon fo abfeonding or refuting, twenty-four hours before fuch infpe&or or in-^bdora /hall enter into an examination of fuch offence or offences, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch inlpe&or or in-fcedors, upon fuch proof as aforefiiid, by fuch warrant as

Vou VII.	D	herei®

A. ]

1781-

Chap.

5©	The	twenty-firjl	and	toventy-fecoud Tears of George Itt.

A. D.	herein before mentioned, to caufe all fuch fine or fines ait

T78S-2.	trre or (hall be impofed by law for the commiffion of fuch

"Chap. 15. offences, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch offender or offenders, as if he or they were personally prefent; and for want of fuch diftrefs or payment, to commit fuch offender or offenders, whenever found and apprehended, to the gaol of the county in which fuch offender (hall be apprehended, there to remain for fuch time of times, as by law is or are prcfcribcd for the commilliqp of faid offences refpe&ively.

Petfsnsfined,	LXXXI. Provided always, That in cafe any pcrfon fo

etneeivinp * convi&ed as aforefaid, (hall conceive himfelf aggrieved by themfelvcs ag- ^ COnvi&ion, Sentence, or judgment of fuch infpe&or or . tppMl to nSt infpe&ors, on his paying or depofiting with fuch infpe&or magiftrate, the fine fo impofed, or a fufficient diftrefs for Securing the payment thereof, to appeal to the magiftrate, or juftice of peace of the county, wherein, if on land, or adjacent to the place, if at fea, where fuch offence or offences (hall have been committed, or where the party fo committing the fame (hall have been apprehended or fummoncd, provided fuch appeal (hall be profecuted within one month after fuch con-vi6ri*on, Sentence, or judgment, which magiftrate, or juftice of the peace (hall, upon fummoning the parties accufing and appealing, and examination upon oath, make fuch or-der, either to affirm of reverie the fame, as to him (hall Seem meet.

Sixpence per LXXXII. And in order to create fome fund for defray-found <|edu<5fc- ing the experices Ueceffarily incurred by fuch infpc&or or in* sd, At.	fpe&ors,	in	performing	faid	duty,	be	it	enabled	by	the	au*

thority aforefaid. That a deduction of fix pence (hall be made out of every twenty (hillings bounty money, which (hall be annually paid to the owners of all veffels to be employed in faid fifheries refpe&ively; and the faid fix pence 3n the pound, fo deduced by the colle&ors, or other per-fons paying faid bounty money, Shall be handed over and paid to and for the ufe of fuch infpe&or or infpe&ors, in fuch manner, and according to fuch diftribution, as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, (hall from time to time think proper to direffc.

trifp€<5ors to- LXXXlII. And in order to enforce due obfervance of foUowinjT* ' duty and tiuft fo to be committed to fuch infpe&or or infpeftors, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch infpe&or and infpedtors (hall, previous to his entering into fuch office, take an oath of the import following, before one or more of his Majefty’s commiffioncrs of euftoms and excife, for the time being, videlicet, “ TliJI he 44 will honeftly, faithfully, and to the heft of hia. ability 4i and judgment, perform his duty in faid office $” which

oath

7“be twentyfrjl and twentyfecond Tears of George III.	ji

bath fach commiffioner or coramiffionerfi is and are hereby* A; I>.	.

impowered to adminifter; and if fuch infpedor or tnfpec- 1781-2.

• tors (hall take any reward, fee, gratuity, or o*'^ confi-deration, from or on behalf of any ptrfon emplo) -1. con- infpcAorcon-i cerned in fuch fi(heries, or arty of them, or (hah wilfully 7l^c^****“*

/fft -	r \	er	1	fee, &C. or COD-

alult id, conceal, or connive at airy fraud or offence, con- cealing offence* trary to the laws enaded in that behalf, fuch infpedor or ffcrfeit jol *t infpedors, upon being found guilty of fuch offence, by hetein. verdid of a jury, upon a trial to be had in the county wherein, if upon land, or next adjoining to the place, if at fea, where fuch offence (hall be fo committed, (ball be fined the	'

fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence ; and in default bf payment thereof, fhall be imprifoned for any time, at the diferetiort of the judge, not exceeding fix months, and for brer rendered incapable of holding fuch office.

LXXXIV. And in order more effectually to fecure the jnfbeaorto' j>erformance of the fevetal requifites prescribed for obtaining returnto com-the bounty, and to enforce the regulations for the better miflioner* name prefervation and improvement of thfc faid filheries, be it en- of *naf*cr> &c-aded by the authority afdrefaid, That the faid infpedors a# crcul*

(hall return to tjie commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue of buftoihs and excife; the name of the inaftef or owner of any veffel who (hall be corivided of any offence which (hall be Committed againft faid laws,.or any of them, and the maf-ter and owners of fuch veffel (hall be deemed incapable of deceiving any bounty for fuch Veffel: .

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it eriaded by the au- Continued ihority aforefaid, That thid ad, and the feveral provifions annually, and hereby made, (hall Continue and be in force for the fpace of	*6

two. years, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- o! 3.^46. fand ffcven hundred and cighty-two, and from thence to with amend-ihe end of the then next feflion df Parliament, and nd longer;

(CHAP. XVI.

w

‘An AEt for eftabUJbtng A Bank, by the Name of the Governors Amended and Company of the Bank of Ireland•	O. j. c. ax.

HE RE AS it will tend td the advancement of pub-lick credit in this kingdom, and to the extenfion of ..*.. its trade arid commerce if a bank with publick fecurity, (hall fee eftablifbed therein ; be it enaded by thd King’s moft	u

excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and epnfent of the lords fpiritual and. temporal, and commons in this prefeat Parliament affembled, arid by the authority df the fame.

That it (hall arid may be lawful to arid for your Majefty, yoiir heirs and fucceffors, by cdmmifflon under the great fed #f Ireland, to authorize and appoint any number of perfons.

Da	at

by voluntary Cubic riptions, on or before I Jan. 1784, amounting tb 6oo,oool. ai herein.

Any frm advanced, & c.

applied tb carrying on bu-finefs of f^id bank, and to cridt buildings Ac.

HU M*jefty, by .letters patent way limit how, Ac faid fum of 6co,oool. or any part thereof may be a£-figned, Ac. aa herein.	,

The tfpmty-firft andHventjfecond Tears of George III.

«t a«y time after the firft day of Auguft next, to take and receive aU fuch voluntary fubferiptions as (hall be made ea or before the firft day of January, which (hall be in the year of our Lord oae thou (and (even hundred and eighty-four by any perfon or perfoas, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, for and towards the railing and paying into the receipt of your Migefty’* treafory in this kingdom, the fum of fix hundred thousand pounds ilcrling, to be paid tn money, or by debentures which have been or (hall be if-fued from your Majefty’s treafury, by virtue of any a£t or a&s of Parliament heretofore, and in this prefent fcffion made in this kingdom, bearing aa intereft at the rate of four pounds per' centum per armum, which debentures (hall be taken at par from fuch fubferiber or fubferibers, and be oonfidmd as money by the perfon3 to whom the fame (hall be paid; for which fum fo to be fubferibed, a fum, by •way of annuity, equal in amount, to the intereft upon faid debentures, at the rati of four pounds per centum pet annum, (hall be paid at your Majefty’s treafury in manner hereto after mentioned.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if from competition for a preference acnongft the perfons defiring to luhfcribe, they (haU be willing to pay or ad-Vance any fum or fums, by way of premium for obtainiag fuch preference or, permiilion to fubfcribe; in that cafe the amount of fuch fums fo advanced and paid, over and above the (aid fum of fix hundred thoufaud pounds to the feid commiffioners impowered to receive fuch fubferiptions and premiums for fuch preference or permiilion, (hall be applied towards any purposes for the beginning or better carrying on the bufiocfs of the faid hank, and alfo towards the erecting a proper building and convenient accommodations for the fame, purfuant to fuch plan as (hall be furnifhed by faid commiffioners ; which plan and fituation for fuch building, (hall be fubjc& to the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for-the time being.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fh*H and may be lawful to and for your Ma-jefty, your heirs and fucceftbrB, by letters patent under the great fcal of Ireland, to limit, dire£t, and appoint, how and in what manner and proportions, and under what rules and directions the (aid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds fterling, and every or any part or proportion thereof, may be affignable or transferable, affigned or transferred to fuch a perfon or perfons only as (hall freely and voluntarily accept of the (ame, and not otherwife, and to incorporate all and every fuch fubferibers and Contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefibrs, or affigns, to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of the Governor and

1	Company

The twenty firf! and twenty-fecond Tears of George III.	53

Company of the Bank of Ireland; and by the fame name A. D. ol ihe Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, to 1781-2. hare perpetual fuccdfion, and a common feal; and that Chap. 16. they and their fuccemirs, by the name aforefaid, (hall be aWe and capable in law, to have, purchafe, receive, po fiefs, enjoy, and retain to them, and their fucceflors, lands, reHta, tenements and hereditaments of what kind, nature, or quality foever, and alfo to fellt> grant, alien, demife, or difpofe of the fame; and by the fame name to fue and implead, and be fued and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered in courts of record, or any other places what foever, and to do and execute all and fingular other matters and things by the name aforefaid, that to them (hall or may appertain to do, fub-ject neverthelefs, to the provifo or condition of redemption herein after mentioned.	'

IV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority one j*r

aforefaid, That no one perfon or body politics or corporate, fon toiubicrib* ihall by himfelf, herfelf, or thtmfelves, or by any perfon or a,um cxcccaut^ perfons in truft for him, her, or them, fubferibe, or caufe	M

to be fubferibed for and towards the railing the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds fterling, any fum or fums of money exceeding the fum of ten thoufand pounds fterling, for the qfe of fuch perfon or body politick 01* corporate refpedively ; and that every fuch fubferiber (hall, at the time of fuch fubfeription, pay, or caufe to be paid unto the commilfioners who (hall be authorized and appointed for taking and receiving fubferiptions as aforefaid, one full fourth part of his, ner, or their refpedive fubferiptions; and in default of fuch payment as aforefaid, every fuch fub-icription (hall be utterly void and null; and that the refidue of th? faid fubferiptions (hall be paid into his Majeft^s trea-fury, in fuch manner and proportions, and at fuch times be*-fore the firft day of jfanviary, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, as fuch comm i (Hollers (hall dire& and appoint ; and in default of any fuch payments, that then fuch part or parts as (hall have been paid as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited to and for the benefit of the faid bank, to be applied towards any purpofes for the beginning or better carrying on the bufmefs of the fame as aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and be it declared and enafted by

the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the whole fum of fix fubferibed for

hundred thoufand pounds be not fubferibed on or before the by 1 Jan. 1784,

firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty- this void,

four, that then the powers and authorities ftt this act for

treSing a corporation as aforefaid, (hall ceafe and deter*

mine, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- and deSen-

ftanding; and that in fuch cafe, all and every fuch perfon ture* ifined for

and ptrfons, bodies politick or corporate, (hall be entitled

tq aqd receive from the £ud cotamiffionew fitch or like de-	^

bentures.

No fccprity by bill, bond. Sec. by fai<J corporation, or any fum exceeding 6oo,oooi. ike. as herein.

The twentyjirfl and twenty-feeond Tears ef George III. bentures, or fuch fums of money as (hall have been bj them fubferibed and paid, with all intereft accruing Upon the faid debentures, during the time the fame (haU have been depofited with the faid commiiHoners a* aforetaid.

* VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation, fo to be created and made, (hall not borrow or give fecurity by bill, bond, note, covenant, or agreement, under their common feal, or otherwife, for any fum or films of money, exceeding in the whole the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds ; fo that tfyey (hall not owe at any one time more than a fum equal to the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, unlefs it be by future aft or aft* of Parliament; and if any more or further fums (hall be borrowed or taken up by, or lent or advanced to fuch corporation, under their cqmmon feal or otherwife, or for payment of which any bond, bill, note, covenant, agreement, or'other writing, (hall be made, fealed, or given, then, and m fuch cafe, all and every the perfon and perfons who (hall t>e a member or members of the faid corporation, his and their refpeftive heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, fhall^ in his and their refpeftiye private capacities, be chargeable with, and liable in proportion to their feveral (hares and fubferiptions, to the re-payment of fuch money which (hall be fo borrowed, taken up, orient, with intereft for the lame, in fuch manner, as if fuch fecurity had been a fecurity for payment of To much money, and intereft for the fame, fealed by fuch refpeftive member or members of fuch Corporation, and delivered by him and them as their refpec-tive afts and deeds, in proportion to their feveral (hares and fubferiptions as aforefaid; and that in every fuch cafe an aftion of debt (hall and may be brought, commenced, prosecuted, and maintained in any of your Majefty’s courts of Tecord at Dublin, by the refpeftive creditor or creditors to whom any fuch fecurity (hall be made, or his or their refpec-tive executors or adminiftrators, again 1 all and every and any; one or more of the perfons who (hall be members of the; faid corporation, or all or any of their refpeflive heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, in proportion to their refpeftive (hares or proportions as aforefaid : and therein recover and have judgment for him, her, or tnem in fuch and the like manner as if fuch fecurity were refpeftively fealed by the refpeftive perfon or perfons who (hall be fo fued, or his or their refpedive anceftor or tel^ator, or inteftatc, and by him and them executed and delivered as his or their refpeftive and deed ; any condition, covenant, or agreement to be piade to the contrary thereof in any wife ootwith(landing ; 5tfcd if any condition, covenant or agreement (hall be made

~	-	-Dig	i

]?ized%000^l€

No more

The twenty-firf and twentyfccond Tears of George III. to the contrary, the fame (hall be and is hereby declared to be void.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That for all and every fum and fums of money, fo to be borrowed by faid corporation, no higher or greater in ter eft, gratuity, or conlideration (hall be paid by fa/money laid corporation, or any perfon on their behalf, than at the boriowed by ' rate of five pounds per centum per annum ; and that for all faid bunk, and every fum and fums of money fo to be advanced or paid h$rfia,

by the faid corporation for or on account of dealing in of difeounting promiffory notes, or bills oF exchange, or for	*

or on account of any money or bonds, or other fecurities, no higher or greater fum, by way of intereft, difeount, gratuity, or other confideration, (hall be demanded or taken by faid corporation, or any perfon on their behalf, than at the like rate of five pounds per centum per annum§ under the penalty or forfeiture of treble the fum or fums fo borrowed* lent, or advanced to, or by faid corporation, to be recovered in any of your Majefty's courts of record at Publin, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other to the ufe of your Majefty, your heir6 or fucceflors : provided, that nothing herein contained, (hall^be conftrued to enable the	,

faid corporation, or any perfon or perfons on their behalf, to lend or advance any fum or fums, to be fecurcd by mortgage or fale of lands, tenements, or hereditaments redeemable ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Inalladians

That in any a&ion, bill, plaint, or information, given by this t!j's a<a no a61, or to be inftituted thereon, no prote&ion, wager	c*

law, effoign, privilege of Parliament, or other privilege

(hall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.

IX.	And to the intent that yout Majefty’s fubje&s may corporati*

not be oppreffed by the faid corporation by their monopo- on nor any one lizing any goods, wares, or merchandizes: be it farther de- intraft for them dared and enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the faid	or	4.

corporation, fo to be made and created, (hall not at any ^ withSie time, during the continuance thereof, deal or trade, or per- ftockol laid cor- ' mit or fuller any perfon or perfons whatsoever, either in portion favc as truft, or for the beneht of the faid corporation, to deal or ktrwfccr, trade with any of the flock, monies, or effe&s of, 6r any

ways belonging to the faid corporation, in the buying or felling of any goods, wares, or merchandises whatfoever, ftivc ps herein after mentioned; and every perfon or perfons, who (hall fo deal or tfade, or by whofe Orders or directions, fuel; dealing or trading (hall be made; profecuted, 01 managed for, or in any manner, on behalf of fach corporation as |fgfc(aid, jtyiall forfeit for every fach dealing or trading, and

faf

11 — ---------

56 A. D. ,1781-2. Chap. 16. v_________

Bills of faid corporation af-fi^nable by in-dorftmcnt.

The twentyfirji and twcntyfecond Tears of George Ilf. for every filch order and diredtion, treble the value of the goods and merchandizes fo traded for, to fuch perfon or per-lons as (hall fue for the fame, by a&ioq of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of your Majefty’s courts of record at under penalty of Dublin : provided that nothing herein contained, {hall in treble the value any ^yg ^ conllrued to hinder the faid corporation from for* as herein.* dealing bills of exchange, or in buying or telling bullion,

. . gold, or filver, or in felling any goods, wares, or merchandizes wbatfoever, which (hall really and bonafide, be left or 'depofited with the faid corporation, for money lent and advanced thereon, and which {hall not have been redeemed at the time agreed on, or within three months after, or from felling fuch goods as (hall or may be the produce of lands purcliafed by the faid corporation,

X.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that all and every bill or bills, obligatory, and of credit, under the feal of the faid corporation, made or given to any perfon or perfons, fhall and may, by indorfement thereon, under the hands of fuch perfon or perfens, be af. fignable and afiigned to any perfon or perfons who (hall vo* luntarily accept the lame, and fo by fuch affignee, toties quo-ties, by indorfement thereupon; and that fuch alignment and alignments fo to be made, fhaH abfolutely veil and transfer the right and property in and unto fuch bill or bills, obligatory and of credit, and the monies due upon the fame; and affignee may and that the affignee or affignees fhall and may Cue for, and maintain an adtion thereupon, in his or her own name.

If governor, *1. Proved always, and be it further enafted by the

Jrc. of faid cor-* authority aforefaid, that if the governor, deputy governor,

poration (ball mt dire&ors, managers, afliftants, or other members of the faid

I any time on sc- corporation, fo to be eftablfthed, fhall, upon account of the count of faid r -f	•	.	.	.	r, r .	.

corporation, hud corporation, at any time or times, purchafe any lands or

'	*	revenues belonging to the crown, or advance or lend to

your Majeity, your heirs or fucceffors, any fum or fums of money, by way of loan, or anticipation, or any part qr parts, branch or branches, fund or funds of the revenues granted, or belonging to, or hereafter to be granted to your Majefly, your heirs or fucceffors, other than fuch fund or funds, part or parts, branch or branches of the faid revenue only, on which a credit of loan is or fhall be granted by Parliament, that then the faid governor, deputy governor, diredtors, managers, or affiftants, or other members of the ffifd corporation, who fhall confcnt, agree to, or approve of, the advancing or lending to your Majeity, ^our heirs or fu*-ceffors, fuch fum or fums of money as aforefaid; and each and every of them fo agreeing, consenting, or approving, one half to in aD<^ ^cinf t^lcreo^ lawfully convicted, fhall for every fuch former, the*0 offence,. forfeit treble the value of every fuch fum or fums other for pub- Qf money fo lent, whereof one half fhall be to the informer, lick ufca, dec.

purchafe any land?, Ice, except uhciein;

*Tbe twentyfirjl and twentyfecond Tears of George lit. to be recovered in any of your Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, and the refidue to be difpofed of towards publick ufes, as (hall be direded by Parliament, and not otherwife.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- No amercia-rity aforefaid, that all amerciaments, fines, and iffucs againft “’J***^-the faid corporation, and their fucceffors, to be had, charged* ^rporation, or eftreated in or upon account of any fuits or adions, to be fl»U be dif-profecuted or brought againft them, (hall not be pardoned, charged oy Acquitted, or difeharged, by any letters of fignet, privy feal, PnvJ &Zslct*ttC' or great feal of your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors, or otherwife howfoever; and in cafe any fuch amerciaments,

• fine9, or ifiues, (hall be eftreated in your Majefty’s exchequer, againft the faid corporation, upon any procefs for	m

non-appearance, at the fuit of any perfon or perfons, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the officers df your Majefty’s exchequer for the time being, and they are hereby direded to detain fo much money out of the annual intereft or produce of the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand * pounds, as the (aid amerciaments, fines, or iffues, (hall amount unto, out of the faid yearly fum, fo payable to the faid corporation.

XIII,	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- A”d *«y faid, that if at any time hereafter any perfon or perfons (hall obtain any judgment or judgments in any court of law, mcDt ^herein, againft the (aid corporation, for any debt or fum of money? the plaintiff paid and (hall bring any execution or executions thereupon, unto *• herein, the faid officers of your Majefty’s exchequer, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid officers of the faid exchequer, to pay, and they are hereby required to pay the faid fum or fqms of money in the faid execution mentioned, to the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein named, or their affigns, whofe receipt (hall be a fufficient difehargt for the fame; and that the faid officers of the faid exchequer (hall and may detain fo much of the faid yearly fum, fo payable g to the fai4 corporation, as the faid debt or debts (haH amount unto.

XIV.	And he it further ena&ed by the authority afore- No perfoas faid, that from and after the paffing of this ad, it (hall not exceeding fix be lawful for any body politick or corporate, creded or to ^mfon ftiJilT" be ereded, other than the corporation hereby intended to fake up, owe, be created and ereded into a national bank, or for any other Ac. any fum on perfons whatsoever, united or to be united in covenants or l^,r &c* partnerihip, exceeding the number of fix perfons, to borrow, ty ofrtrebleCthe owe, or take up any fum or fums of money on their bills or fum borrowed, notes payable at demand, or at any lefs time than fix months, Ac. from the borrowing thereof, under a penalty or forfeiture	v

by fuch perfons, bodies politick or corporate, of treble the fum or fums (b to be borrowed or taken up on fuch bill or

bill*.

✓ ♦ /

Forging, Ac. or palling fuch

The tnventyjirjl aud t*uxnty±fec9nd Tears of George III. bills, note or notes; one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other to the ufe of your Majcffy, youc heirs and fucceffors, .to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of your Majefty’a courts of record at Dublin.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, that if any perfon or perfons (hall forge, counterfeit, or

lodged note, Ac. glter any bank note, bank bill of exchange, dividend-warrant, at felony * or bond or obligation, under the common feal of the faid company, or any indorfement thereon, or (hall offer or difpofe of, or put away any fuch forged, counterfeited, or *lterc/d note, bill, dividend-warrant, bond, or obligation, or the indorfement thereon, or demand the money therein con-tained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the faid company, or any of their officers or fervants, knowing fuch note, bill, dividend-warrant, bond, or obligation, or the indorfement thereon to be forged, counterfeited! or altered, with intent to defraud theriaid company, or their fucceffors, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed. in due form of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, that if any officer or fervant of the faid company, being intruded with any note, bill, dividend-warrant, bond, deed, or any fccurity, money, or other effects belonging to the faid governor and company, or having any bill, dividend-warrant, bond, deed, or any fecurity or cffc&s of any other perfon or perfons lodged or depofited with the faid Company, or with him as an officer or fervant of the faid company, (hall fecretc, embezzle, or run away with any fuch note, bill, dividend-warrant, bond, deed, fecurity, mo-

guilty of felony ncy, or effc&s, or any part of them, every officer or fervant without benefit fo offending, and being thereof convifted in due form of law, of clergy fhall deeme(j guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a *	felon without benefit of clergy.

No member* XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-L*hle to the fta- faid, that no member of the faid corporation (hall be, or be tute* of bank- adjudged liable to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or aqy of the ftatutes made againft or concerning bankrupts, for or by reafon of their Hock or irv-tereft in the faid corporation, and that no (lock fe the faid corporation (hall be fubjedt or liable to any foreign attachments.

XVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afon> the capital (lock faid, that the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, of faid corpora- when paid in by the faid fubferibers, (hall be the common *iob, as herein ; capital and principal (lock of the faid bank, and (hall be transferable and affignable, and (hall be deemed perfonal eft

,	U*e

Any officer or fervant of faid corporation embezzling, as herein.

ruptcy,

herein.

$qo,OQol. to be

$*be t'wentj-jirjl and twentyfecond Tean of George III. iatc, and not Teal, and as fuch, if not othenvife difpofed of by the perfons in titled to the (ame, frail go to the executors and admin ill rators of the perfon or perfons dying pof-fefled thereof, or inti tied thereunto, and not the heirs of iuch perfon or perfons $ and that the faid common capital or principal (lock and real funds of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and the (aid allowances after the rate of four pounds per centum fpr the (ame, and the particular pan, (hare, and intereft of every member of the (aid corporation in the faid dock, funds, and allowances, (hall net he liable or fubjed to any foreign attachment; and that all and every debenture and debentures fublcribe 1 in part or for the whole of faid flock, (hall, as foon as the fame (hall be depofited by the faid fubfenbers, be locked up in a cheft in your Majefty*s treafury, until the fame (hall be cancelled as herein after mentioned; and that from and after the day of palling fuch letters patent as aforefaid, all and every the debenture and debentures fo depofite 1 and locked up, (hall be cancelled by the faid vice treafurer or poltmafter general, his or their deputy or deputies, in the prefence of the governor and company of the faid bank, from which day aQ io-tereft payable on the faid debentures to the holders or pro-. prietors of the fame, (hall ceafc and determine; and in lieu theieof, there (hall be paid arid payable hy the (aid vice treafurer or paymafter general, his or their deputy or deputies, out of the funds made applicable by Parliament for payment of the intereft upon the faid debentures, one annuity or yearly fum of twenty four thoufand pounds, being a fun* equal to the amount of the whole intereft payable upon fuch debentures'fo cancelled; which annual fum of twenty-four payable half thoufand pounds (hall be paid and payable by two equal ycarly^sherei^. half yearly payment by the vice trcalurcr or paymafter general, his or {heir deputy or deputies for the time being, to the governor and company of the faid bank, without any defalcation or deduction, and iu the fame manner as intereft hath been heretofore paid upon the (aid debentures; the firft payment of the faid annuity to commence and be made pn the twenty-fourth day of June, or twenty-fifth day of December next after the day of paffing fuch letters patent as aforefaid, which ever (hall firft happen ; and if an entire half year fHall not liaxe elapfed between the day of pafBng the faid letters patent, and fuch firft day of payment of the (aid annuity, that then a part or portion of the (aid annuity proportioned to the time which (hall have fo elapfed, (hall at the rate aforefaid be paid to the governor and company of the faid bank; and that all intereft which (hall have accrued due on fuch debentures, down to the day of palling the faid letters patent, (hall bt paid by your Majefty’s vice treafurer, yaymailer general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the *	(ai4

a:



And (aid annuity, and all

This fe&ion fulfilled.

The twetyfrfl and teoentyfeeond yeaws of George IIL bid governor and company for the ufe of the faid fubferi-bers, to be handed over, and paid by the faid governor and company to fuch ft&fcribers, their executors, admiiuftraton, and affigns, according to the proportions fo accruing due to faid fubferibers upon their refpedive debentures.

XVIIL And be it further enaded by the authority fmns arifin aforefaid, That the faid annual fum of twenty four thoa-from (kid &..V fand pounds, and all profit, benefit, and advantage from to be for the time to time arifing out of the management of the mid cor-ufe of the fub- poration (hall (the charges of managing the bufinefs of faid feribers to laid	and company only excepted) be applied from time

to time to the ufes of all the members of faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland for the time being, rateably and in proportion to each member’s part, (hare, and intereft in the common capital and principal ftock of the faid governor and company, purfuant to fuch rules and regulations as fhall be fpecified in his Majefty’s letters patent aforefaid.

XIX.	Provided always, That in cafe the whole fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds fhall not be advanced and paid in manner aforefaid, on or before the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, fo as the (aid corporation (hall not be created or eftablifhed, that then, and in fuch cafe, the faid debentures fo depofited, or like debentures for the fums fo refpedively fubferihed, fhall be returned without ex pence to the different perfons fo fub-feribing the fame, theii executors, adminiflrators, or affigns, together with all intereft accruing thereon, to the day upoo which the fame fhall be returned, according to their refpec-tive proportions, as fully and effedually, and beneficially, as ,	if this ad had never palled.

On tc months XX. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the notice after ift authority aforefaid. That at any time, upon twelve months Jan. 170%, in notice after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven DublinGaxet^, hundred and ninety-four, to be publifhed in the Dublin Ga-of aUfumVdtK1 zcttc hy °nler of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor to laid corpora- or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and upon tion as herein, repayment by Parliament to the faid governor and company ment^faid*far-	or their fucceffors, as well of the

poration iball" Wd Aim of fix hundred thoufand pounds in like debentures, and fubjed to the like intereft of four pounds per centum, as of all arrears of the (aid annual fum of twenty-four thoufand pounds, without any dedudion, difeount, or abatement whatfoever from faid arrears, or at any time previous to the faid firft day of Januaty, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, upon like repayment, by and with the defire and content of the faid governor and company, to be figni-fied by them by their petition in writing, fealed with their common feal, and addreffed to the lord lieutenant or other

chit

ceafe and determine:

-

and in fiich

The tv&enij-firjl and twentj-fkonJ Tern cf George HI. chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being ; then, and in fuch cafe, the laid annuity of twenty four thoufand pounds, and eveiy part thereof, together with the faid corporation, (hall ceafe and determine; and in cafe of the determination of the faid corporation, in confequence of fuch notice or requeft, or in cafe of inf<^- cmfc or vcncy, that then, and in every fnch cafe, before any diftribu-	tp.

tion or dividend fhall be made of the faid ftock or the produce plied to pay thereof, the faid governor and company fhall be obliged debt*, aa in the firft: in fiance, to apply the faid ftock and the produce herein, thereof then in their hands, or a competent part of the fame, to difeharge and pay off the total fum of the debts which they (hall owe to others; and in cafe the fame fhall not be f efficient to pay off and difeharge * fuch debts fo due to others, that then each member of the (aid corporation fhall in his, her, or their private capacity, according to the proportions of their refpedive interefts in faid capital flock, be liable to the payment of laid debts, until the whole fhall be difcharged.

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Dividend* (aid, That the faid governor and company fhall be obliged to be made ro to make dividends of the monies which fhall from time to

time become due or payable to, or be received by the faid months, governor and company, arifiog from faid annuity, and other net profits of the management of faid bank, once in every fix calendar months, unto the members of the faid corporation, according fo their refpedive fhares and interefts in the faid capital ftock of faid governor and company.

XXII.	And for preventing of clandeftine or fraudulent No transfer bargains or dealings in bank ftock, be it further ena&ed by of hank ftock the authority afortfaid, That no promife, contra&, bargain, vaiid» covenant, or agreement, made either by word of mouth, or

in writing, for the buying or felling of any bank ftock, or for the transferring, changing, or altering the property thereof, either in truft or otherwife, however it be, fhall be good and valid in law or equity, or legal, obligatory, or binding to either or any of the parties making the fame, or concerned therein, or for whofe ufe or account the fame is or (hall be made, unlefs fuch promife, contract, bargain, covenant, or agreement (hall be aduaQy regiftered in words at length in the book or books of the bank, by the officer there for that purpofe to be appointed, within feven days, and actually transferred within fourteen days next after die making of fuch promife, contract, bargain, covenant, or agieement.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority of fai(J aforefaid. That no a&, matter, or thing, ads, matters, or tion, fhall fbr-things to be done by the faid corporation of the governors feit the private and company of the bank of' Ireland, or by their fucceffors,

•r by the court of diredora of the (aid corporation, or by fherco^a*

any herein.



ioogle

6i '	The tnventyfujk ami twentyfeconJ Teart of George tlL

A. D. any fob-committee appointed or to be appointed by the i?8i-2.	faid corporation, Shall forfeit, or fubjcft, or rtak^

liable to forfeiture, the particular private a ad perfonal eftate, intercft, (lock axid property of any member of the laid corporation ; but that notmth(landing any fuch’ aft or afta, matter or matters, thing or things to be done by the laid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or by the faid court of directors, or fub-committees as aforefaid, * the eftate, (lock, intereft and property, with the whole proceed, benefit, profit and advantage thereof belonging to each and every member of the feia whole corporation, and hia particular right, claim, and title thereunto, arid to every part thereof, (hall be and remain unforfeited, untouched* whole, fafe, and entire, to the proper life and benefit of each and every of the faid members; fubjeft neverthelefs to the payment of all jufl debts contracted by the faid corporation ; any law, Statute, ulage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

A nahlick	XXIV. And be it further enafted by tne authority

aforefaid. That this aft (hall be taken and deemed to be a publick aft to all intents and pilrpofes, in all courts within this kingdom; and all judges are. hdreby required to'take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecialiy pleading the fame;

CHAP. XVII.

Amended *3, ^ f.r /£/ Improvement of tie City of tiublin; by Making \o O 5 iQ	and convenient Paffages through the fame; and for re-

Continued to guLtimg the Cod Trade thereof 2S March

x*?°*	\XTHEREAS many of the (Ireets in the city of Efublm,*

•	**	are from their ndrrownefs very inconvenient to th$

perfons neceffarily reforting to the Same, and it is juft and proper that a local fund Should be raifed for defraying, the Cxpences that may be incurred, by rendering the paflage* * . through the (aid city wide and convenient, be it enafted '	try the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the ad-

* %ice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent Parliament aSTembled, and by the au-; thoiity of the fame. That from and after the firft day of from t ft May May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, until Marcb°t*88	twenty-fifth	day of March, which Shall be*in the year one

and continued. thoufand feven hundred and eighty-eight, there fhall be to 1810, as t* granted, raifed, collefted, letiea, and paid to your Majefly, *40. 3. c. 31. your heirs and fucceSTors, a net additional duty of one Shil-fcSliwwnon ling for and upon every ton of coals, not being the produce 6n coaL»u here- °f this kingdom, which fliall be imported or brought into is.	•	the harbour of Dublin, during the time aforefaid, and fo id

proportion for any greater or left quantity! the faid duty

td

Digitized by

Google

The tnventy-jirjl anJ twenty fecond Tears of George lit.	6^

to be paid over and above all duties now payable for the A. D. Came.	1781-2.

II. And be it further ertafted by the authority aforefaid, Chap* 17* That the faid additional duty and all money owing thereby* v—

(hall be paid by your Majefty’s vice treafurer or vice trea- To be paid furers, paymaftcr, or receiver general* his or their deputy *° commiffion-or deputies, to the commiflioners appointed for making a wide and convenient way, ftreet, and pafTage from Eifex-	*

bridge to the Caftle of Dublin, or any twelve of them, to be by them applied in manner herein" after mentioned; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifii-	may	gt

oners, or any twelve or more of them, with the approba- a (alary, not . tion of the lord lieutenant*-or other chief governor or gover- exceeding 200I. nors of this kingdom for the time being, at any time or *or times hereafter* by writing under their hands and feals, to clerk pee nominate and appoint fuch perfons to be fecretary and clerk annum, refpeftively, as they (hall think fit, and the fame to remove from time to time, and to appoint others in their room, with the like approbation j and that the faid commiflioners, or my twelve or more of them, fhall appoint fuch allowance or (alary unto fuch fecretary and clerk refpeftively, as they (hall think reafonable, fo as fuch allowance or falary do n9t exceed the fum of two hundred pounds by the year for the faid fecretary, nor fifty pounds by the year for the faid clerk.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, All erpendl-That the allowances and falaries aforefaid, and all fuch colts under and charges as (hall be expended in obtaining and palling

this aft, together with all fuch other neceflary colls, charges, additional duty and expences, as the faid commiflioners, or any of them, hereby granted, (hall be at or put to in the execution of the trults and powers hereby veiled in them, (hall be paid out of the faid additional duty, and money arifing by virtue of this aft.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, And com-

That the faid commiflioners, or any nine or more of them, miffionenfliaU (hall apply the whole of the monies arifing by virtue of this aPP*y the rc* aft, which (hall remain after fuch payments as aforefaid, to	"JfymSit

the making one or more convenient ftreet or ftreets, paflage 0f falariw, &e. Of paflages from his Majefty’s Caftle of Dublin, to the Far- as ha tin. liament-noufe and College-green, in fuch direftion or directions, as they, or any nine or more of them (hall think pro-

per.	/	*

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, And anv r*. That fo much of the fum of five thoufand pounds, formerly madder of granted to th^ faid commiflioners, by virtue of an aft palled Scool. granted in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of your Majelly's

reign, intituled, Jin ad to dired the application of the fum of g %. c. 27 be five thoufand pounds, granted this fjfions to the commijftoners ap- applied, as 9 pointed by ad of Parliament fir making 'wide and oonvenien	~ Wem.

64	TAe twntyflrjl and tittenty-fieoad Tears ff George	III.

A. D. /ttget through the city of Dublin, and for the further improve* ment thereof, to be expended in widening that part of the approach from bis Majefty’s Caftle of Dublin to the Pariia-ment-houfe, between the CalUe-gate and GeorgeVlane, as fhall remain unexpended, ftiaH be applied by the faid com-miffioners, or any nine or more of them, in aid of the duty hereby granted, towards the purpofcs aforefaid j any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further ena&edby the authority aforefaid, Hiat fo foon as fuch ftrcet or ftreets, paftage or paffages, as aforefaid, fhall be made, and after payment of the ialaries, and other necelTary cofts and charges herein before mentioned, k (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflion-*!** or any n,nc or morc them, t0 apply the faid addi-on. tjonaj duty, and the monies arifing by virtue of this a&, to die making or widening fuch other ways, ftreets, orpafTages through the faid city, for the improvement thereof, as they or any nine or more of them, (hall appoint, or in widening the feveral roads and approaches to the faid city, within two miles of the lame, to fuch breadth, not lefs than one hundred feet, as they, or any nine or more of them, (hall di-re&.

Said commif- VII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, fioners or any That for the more effectual carrying this a& into execution, with ^an^per^1 ** anc* may ^	f°r the faid commiffioncrs, or any

foo to execute nine or more of them, to contradl with any perfon or per-theit directions, fons for executing the whole, or any part thereof, and to as herein. aflign to fuch perfon or perfons the whole of the monies which (hall arife by virtue of this a&, and the refidue of the (aid fum of five thoufand pounds, fubjedt to the payment of the faid falaries and neceflary expences as aforefaid, until fuch time as fuch perfon or perfons (hall be paid thereout the whole of the money he or they (hall have contra&ed for, together with intereft, after the rate of five pounds per cent. fer annum, for fuch fum as (hall appear on every quarterly fettlement of his or their account, to have been advanced

17KI-2. Chap. 17.

Soon ss fuch wxy finiihed, and falaries, Itc. paid, laid comm [{fioners or any 9, may

And fuch contract void, except fecuri-ty given to fimih work contracted for in 2 years •, as herein.

by him or them, over and above his or their receipts out of the faid monies.

VIII. Provided always, That no fuch contraft (ball be made, or deemed to be, or be good or valid, unlefs the perfon or perfons fo contradling with the faid commiffioners, or any nine or more of them’, (hall give fufficient fecurity to execute or finifh the work wdiich he or they (hall fo contract for, within two years from the date of fuch contract: and that if fuch work be not finifhed within thotime mentioned

in fuch contract, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the faid time, ccafe to receive any of the faid monies arifing by this a&, and fhall lofe and be liable to the payment of all monies theretofore received out of laid duties, or advanced

by



jitized ^Google.

Tie tooenty-firft and twenty-fecund Tears of George III,

by fuch perfon or perfons fo contracting with the faid com-HiiflioDcrB, any thing in the faid contract to the contrary notwithflanding; to be recovered by the faid commiflioncra, or by any perfon who (hall inftitute a fuit in their names, or on their behalf/ by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, over and above any penalty or penalties to be incurred for fuch default, foi or on account of any fecurity to be entered into as aforefaid ; which fum or fums, when fo recovered, (hall be applied to the purpofes of this a61

IX.	And be it enaft^d by the authority aforefaid, That the faid additional duty hereby granted, (hall be raifed, anfwer-ed, collefted, and paid to your Majefty, your heirs and fuc-ceflbrs, at the fame time, and in like manner, except jthat the fame (hall not be bonded for, or any difcount allowed for prompt payment, and (hall and may be fued for, and recovered in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch powers and authorities as are prescribed and appointed in and by an a61 made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, Jn a3 for fettling the excife or new impof upon his MajeJly^ his heirs and fuccffors, according to the book' of rates therein inferted% as fully and ef-feftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and reloaded in this prefent aft, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfclves injured or aggrieved, as in the faid aft is provided.

X.	And whereas the allowing all perfons who (hall be inclined to deal largely in the coal trade, and to import at the moft convenient feafons of the year fuch quantities of coals as they (hall think proper, and to (lore the fame, will tend to procure a better, more certain, and cheap fupply of coals for the faid city of Dublin, and tend much to relieve the manufefturers and poor inhabitants of the faid city; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of an aft paffed in thefixth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the firtt, intituled, /In aQ for the more effectual preventing the engroffing and regrating of coals in this kingdom ; and of every other aft or afts of Parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, as tend in any degree to prevent any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, from buying or laying up in one year, more than a certain quantity of coals, or to give the lord mayor, or any magiftrate, minifter, or church-warden, a power to enter the cellars, houfes, or yards of any perfon buying coals, and to direft the coals therein to be fold. Or to give the lord mayor of the city of Dublin a power to compel to be brought up to the quay, and fold, an-' coals on board^any (hip or gabbard, which

Vo i.fti.	£	coal*

Said additional duty paid to your Majefty, Sec. a» by . 14 Sc 13 C. 2. c. 8. with like remedy of appeal.

So much of 6 O. 1 c. a. Ac. as herein,

Tk$ HlitMyjutf **d tumttyfi+end fe*r* *f Georgt lit. coals (hall have been previoufly fold to any perfon refident ut the faid city of Dublin, or any perfon or perfons trading or dealing in coals, or to limit the number of, favors, boners* or agents, for buying and felling coals in the city of Dublin, or to require them, or any perfon purchasing coak for fale, or keeping any yard therein far felling coals, to take out any licence on account of the fame, or give fecurity, or take any oath, as a fa&or, burfer, or ageqt, or to prevent any perfon keeping a gahbard, lighter, or boat for the purpofe of carrying coals, (hall he, and are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

XI. And be it enafled by the authority afore&id, That every perfon or perfons, hodies politick or corporate, (hall be at full liberty to buy and fell coals, at fuch prices and times, in fuch manner and quantities and form, and to fuch perfons as he, (he, or they (hall choofc; any law to the contrary in any wife notwithfUnding.

3tlL And be it further enaCtcd by the authority afore-faid, That all coals imported into the (aid haibour of Dublin, which (hall be intended or purchafed for the ufe of the glafs, fugar, and fait manufactures in the faid city, (hall be additional duty, exempted and difeharged from the payment of the faid mb* ditional duty impofed by this a6b

XIII.	Provided always, That the importer or purchaser of fuch coals, (hall, at the time of entry thereof, make oath before the collector, or other chief officer of the faid port, who is hefebv impowered and required to adminifter. the fame, that the (aid coals are purchafed, and bona fide intended for the uie of the glafs, fugar, or (alt manufactures in the city of Dublin, and for no other ufe whatfo-e*er; and if any perfon or perfons (hall knowingly fwear any thing which is falfe in fuch affidavit, he or they (hall, upon convi&ion thereof, fuffer fuch punifhment as perfon* conviCled of wilful and corrupt perjury, am by the laws of. this realm fubjed to.

XIV.	Provided «lfo, That if the fame importer or pur-chafer (hall fell or ufe the faid coals, or caufe the fame to be fold or ufed for any other purpofe whatfoever, that then*. . and in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit

c**andCappli-	onc	hundred pounds, to be recovered as by the.

cd to this ad. && of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of King Charles the fecond, is direCted, to be applied to the pur-pofes of this a&.

XV.	And be it further enafled by the authority afore-faid. That a feparate and diflioCfc: account, (hall be kept by the proper officer of the duties hereby granted; and that the commiilioners of his Majefty’s revenue (hall, return the weekly abftra&s from the collector of the port of Dublin* to the accountant-general, and that the accountant general

Sre hereby repeated.

And aU per-font may buy and fell coak, a i herein.

And all coals imported, Ac.

exempt from

Provided, as herein.

And if ufed for other pur-pofes, forfeit tool, to be recovered as by

Duties by this ad bow accounted for.

Digitized by

Google

The twenty firfi and twentyfecond Tears of George III.

*7

Ihall return a feparate account of the faid duties to the vice A. . D. -treafurer or vice treafurers, his or tlieir deputy or deputies ;	1781-2.

and that the faid collector (hall take a feparate receipt for u -J the fame, when paid into his Majcfty’s treafury; which faid receipt thi vice treafurer or vice treafurer3, or his or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Nofums paid neither the fix pence per pound, nor any other fee, (hall be on the iffuing payable to, nor be deduced or received by the vice treafurer

or vice treafoners, receiver, or paymafter general, clerk of a°d°h°FebyC the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, granted, for or on account of the ifTuing or payment of any fum or fnms of ’money arifing by, or which (hall be received for or f on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majefty, or any payment to be made in purfuance thereof.

XVII.	Provided always, That any perfon who (hall be And the per-appointed fecrctary to the faid commiffioners, (hall, before *Ppointed lie enters into office, give a fufficient fedurity, to be ap- g^TftcUity, proved of by the faid commiffioners, or any nine or more of uc.

them, for the duly executing of faid office, and for the accounting for all fuch fums of money as he (hall receive

CHAP. XVIII.

An AS for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nifi Prius in the Amended City of Dublin, and County of Dublin y and for making the 31	3-	c	3°»	1

Proctfe of the Court, of Exchequer more tjfeSaal againfi Perfonsy who being fervid therewith, refuft to appear.

WHEREAS in and by an ad of Parliament made in Recital of the feventednth and eighteenth years of the reign 17 & 18 C. i. bf King Charles the fecond, intituled, An aft for the trialc-10• of ijfues laid in the city of Dublin and county of Dublin, power *jmc f°r trial Ss refpe&ivdy given to the chief juftice of the King^s bench, ^dl^’nltn ^ the chief juftice of the Common pleas, and the chief baron DubUn^imited of the court of Exchequer for the time being, or ;n the to the tdrni or' abfence of .any of them, to one or more of the other judges 4 days new afar barons of the fame feveral courts feverally, to try ifliies tcr fai<* aA* fcsjuftices of Nifi Prius for the city and connty of Dublin, within the term, or within four days next after every or any term: and whereas the reftraining the time for fuch triah after the term, to four days, hath frequently occafioned delay of juftice ; be it enaded by the King's moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Eaftcr term, in the year of *ur Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eightv-two, it E 2	(hall



Digitized by v^ooQle

extended to f'« vluys after tU 111.

And a’l fre-*HTs, phi tie s * c fh.ui atu nd, return procciH •*' Hy faid recited a^. and li-

The twenty J!r,7 and twenty-feeond Tears tf Geotgc 111, fliall and may be lawful to and for the chief juftice of the King’s liench, the chief juftice of the Common pleas, and the chief baron of the court of Exchequer for the time being, and every of them refpe&ivcly, and in the abfence of any of them, to or for any other judge or baron of the faid fevcral courts, as juftices of Ntfi Prius for the county of Dublin and county of the city of Dublin Within the term, or within the fpacc of ten days next after the end of any term rcfpe&ively, to try all fuch iffues, as by the faid adK they or any of them are enabled to try in fuch place, and manner, and with and under fuch powers, authorities and provilions as in and by the faid recited a£f, or any other a (ft of Pailiament or law whatfoever concerning the premifTcs arc pjeferibed and contained ; any thing in the faid recited act to the contrary hereof in any wife motwithftanding.

II- And be it further enadted by the authority afore-faid. That all (heriffs, officers, minilters, parties, witnefles, jmo»s, and other perfons whatfoever, who by the laid foci ted act are required to give attendance upon the faid chief jultices and chief baron, or other judges or barons, or to

a-*5c to lame pc- .make return of procefs, or do or execute any other matters *u,tlC4*	or	things	whatfoever	relating	to trials to be had by virtue of

the faid recited adt, (hall be charged and obliged refpedtively to give their attendance, make return of proctfs, and do and execute all other matters and things whatfoever relating to any trials to be' had by virtue of this adf, in the like manner, and under the like penalties and forfeitures as in and by the faid recited adf are exprefted or provided, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the fame and every of them had been repeated and inferted in this prefent ati*

III.	And whereas great inconveniencies have arilen to fuitor6 by'defendants not appearing to fubptmas iffued out of the common law or pleas fide of his Majelty’a court of .Exchequer iu Ireland, to the great delay and evafion of juftice | for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority afore-faid, That in all cafes from and after the palling of this act, where a fobpvna or fubf'*n<u (hall iffue out of the pleas or common law fide of the faid court, requiring any defendant or defendants to appear thereto, and that fuch defendant or defendants being duly fei ved therewith according to the prefent pra&ice or courfe of the faid court, (hall fufFer proccfs of contempt to a lerjeant at arms to be entered againll him, her, or them, for not appearing on fufch fervice, the faid couit upon the attachment to the feijcant at arms being filed with the proper officer of the laid court, with a return made thereon by the feijeant at arms of the faid court, that the faid defendant or defendants is or are not to'be found, fhall and may in every fuch cafe appoint an attorney to enter

tn convenience to fuirors by defendants not spi'cnring to -fiihpctnas out of Exchequer, at, herein.

Digitized by

Google

Tic tvoentyflrj} and twenty fecond Years of George III.	*	69

let in appearance or appearances for fuch defendant or de- A. "D. fendaotsfo in cqntetnpt; and upon the'faid appearance or 178 ^-2. appearances being fo entered, the plaintiff or plaintiffs at	^ -v*—. *

whole fuit the faid fubpeena or fubpanas Hi all havenffued, fha!l *	^

be at liberty forthwith to file his, her, or their declaration, ' and to proceed thereon to judgment, and iffne execution as . cffe&ually as if fuch defendant or defendants had duly and actually appeared on the fcrvice of fuch fulfana or fubpt* '

IV.	Provided always. That all perfons who at the? time infant«, *c. any judgment in purfuancc of this $ct fhall be had againft fhall have two him, her, or them, fhall he under the age of tweqtv one* h"orn fi*r" years, or of non fans mi.id, or femes covert, fhnll hr;3 two	jii ’g^cnt

years from the time of the fervice of an dttefted copy of after renioval fuch judgment upon them refpeftively, after the removal of bf d;fuL>il»ty to fuch dikbility, to cqake their defence, and ihew caufc agiinft "iakc tlic*r ^ feme.	*ftIKC*

CHAP. XIX.

/to AB for vefling in bis MajeJly, bis Heirs and, $urcrf/rs, certain Premiflis in the City of Dublin therein mentioned, for fie Pwpofes of creding a Cu tom-Houfc thereon, nvdh pro-fer Accommodation^ fuitable to the Trade of the faid City, andfujfcient for the Code si ion of his MajeJly* s Revenue.

pi or of ^ rouiid ia laid ci:y.

WHEREAS your Majefty’s cuftom-houfe i:\ the city

of Dublin, is, and hath been for fpme yean* pail in

a ruinous condition, and it hath t^een deemed neceflary that

a new cuftom-houfe, with proper accommodations fuitable to

the trade of faid city, and fufficient for the colle&ion of	^

your Majcfty’s revenues, be crewed $ and whereas Robert RoV- t 7,o-

JU>vett of the city of Dublin efquire, hath in ptirfnance of vcrt ^ 1 °

dlre^ionsfor that purpofe given to him by the ^ornmifivon*

cts of your Majefty’s revenue, lately become mtitled to,

and poflcfTcd of a piece or plot of ground in faid city

bounded on tfye foqth by the river Anna Liffcy, on the

north by the ro^d or ftrect called the North-Strand, on the

eafl ^7 the road or ftreet called Meares’s or Muyor-ftreet,

and on the weft by the concerns now 'n the pjffefiion of

Martin Boe, ftone-cutter, and containing bv eftimatfon five contarrimg ?

1 •	•• * r '	‘ r ^ • 1	’	*	*	1	acres, wficreoa

uses plantation meafure, for certain long terms of years, de- a acw ct|llonj.

rived under the corporation of the city of D.iblin, whereon houie partly

a new cuftom-houfe hath already been partly erected ; in erc-toi,

which building, as alfo in forming, laying out, and carrying

on feveral works and accommodations necdf try thereto, c*>n-

fiderable fums of money have been expended ; and whereas

fie laid Robert Lovett hath become intitlcd to, and is pof-

\	fdfaj.



The twenty’fyfi and twenty-fucnd Tears of George lit

feiTed of the faid premises merely as truftee for your Ma-jefty, your heirs and fucceflors; and whereas it it proper and neceflary that all in ter eft, title, claim and demand of the iaid Robert Lovett, in and to the faid premifles, with all the appurtenances, eafements and accommodations thereunto belonging, or heretofore at any time therewith held and enjoyed, together with the foie exclufive right, title, eftate, property, pofleflion, and enjoyment of all that part of the bank Quay or building called the North Wall, fttuated, lying and being fouthward of faid premifles, extending from a place called tne Dry Dock on the weft, to the ftreet or road called McaresVftreet or Mayor's-ftreet on the eaft, and adjoining the laid river Anna Liffey in the county of the faid city, be veiled in your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflors for the refidue of the faid terms for the purpofes aforefaid; be it enabled by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the (aid piece or parcel of ground extending north and fouth from the road or ftreet called the North Strand to the bed of the river Anna Liffey^ and eaft-and weft from the road or ftreet called Mayor's-flreet to the concerns now in the pofleflion of Martin Boe, Hone-cutter, as the fame arc more particularly deferibedby a map hereunto annexed, with all and cve^y the rights, eafements, members, appendances, and appurtenances at any time heretofore thereunto belonging, or held and en-, joyed therewith, with all the right, title, intereft, property, claim and demand of the faid Robert Lovett in and to the faid premises and every part thereof, as alfo the foie right, title, eftate, property, pofleflion and enjoyment of «all that part of the laid bank, quay, or building called the North Wall, fituated, lying, and being fouthward of the faid pre-mifies, extending from the faid place called the Dry Dock pn the weft to the ftreet or road called Meares's or Mayor's-flreet on the eaft, and adjoining to the faid river Anna Liffey in the county of the fame city, be, and the fame . ,. ~ are hereby veiled in your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflors, thcV^iy rents, during the refidue of the faid terms of years, fubje& to the ^tc. to which yearly rents, reservations, covenants, and agreements to Uid Lovett li- which the faid Robert Lovett is liable, with full power and able, as hexein. authority to your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflors from time to time, and at all times during the continuance of faid terms for years, to paufe fuch cuts, canals, communications, inclofures, quays, docks, buildings, offices, or other accommodations to be made and ere&ed in and upon that part of the wall or quay herein before mentioned and deferib-ed, and in and upon all or any part or parts of favd pre-,r»	miffe*

digitized byCjOO^lc

The tvjeniyfuflani twentjfecond Tears, of Georgs III.	(	71

mifTes as Khali be thought expedient and neceflkry for cany- A* D. ing the ptirpofes of this aft into execution.	1781-2.

71. Provided always, That if ahy right of any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or cbimorate^ {hall appear to be af- IK right of fefted by any thing contained herein, that compenfation KhaH be made to the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or {^, herein, corporate fo affefted, to be afeertained by the verdidl of a compenfaien tt jury of the county of Dublin, which verdift Khali be final be Made a* and conclufire, and that the ffieriff qf (aid county, firota lxerein» time to time, Khali have full power to Tumo^on, impannel, attd fwear faid jury as is ufual in fuch cafes,

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority gfbrelaid, ColfeGhw of That it (ball and may be -lawful for the colleftor of his Ma- P°rt of

S’s revenue in the port of Dublin, for the time being, ^ pyibU fb”^ he is hereby required from time to time, and at S\ fold plot by R. tithes hefeafter, during the refidue of the fai4 tern\s, (q Lovett, as veiled in the faid Robert Lovet, to pay the feveral rents hertin. pa/able out of the faid premises to the feveral perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who ar£ or (hall be entitled to th«

(ame refpe&ively, at the times, and in the manner the fame are payable by the faid Robert Lovet, without any deduction, defalcation, or abatement whatfoever, and td take credit for the fame in his publick accounts as coUeftor of the faid port of Dublin,

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, . This a pub-Th*t this aft, and all and every claufe and claufes herein ^ a<^* contained, and every part thereof, Khali be deemed and taken notice of in all courts of law and equity, as a publick aft of Parliament,

CHAP. XX,

An Ad for the more fycedj and ejffedual Recovery of the King's belts.

WHEREAS much difficulty and delay have attended the recovery of debts due to your Majefty, and your royal predeceKTors, by collcftors of the revenue, and other publick accountants : and whereas from the inefficiency of the laws of this kingdom in that behalf, the crown and the publick have not had fuch fecurity in, or title to the eftates of publick debtors, as are legally enjoyed in fimilar cafes in Great Britain; by which defefts much injury has accrued to your Majefty’s fubjefts, and to the revenue of this kingdom : therefore be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame,. That from and after the twenty-fifth day qf March, one thou-

fand

“The twentyfirjt and twenty fecond Tears of George IIX.

From 2$ March 17^2, all obligation*. Ac concerning your Majefty, Ac- and fuit*. judgment*, Sc, hereafter to be commenced,

Ac for your Majefty (hall have f im^ force, aa herein.

And in all fuit» hereafter, as herein.

Lands, Ac. chargeable with debt* to your Majefty, Ac. as herein.

And if any fuit commenced or prnte!* awarded for your Majelly, Ac for the recovery of any debt, as herein.

land feven hundred and eighty-two, all obligations and (penalties touching or in any wife concerning* your Majefty, your heirs or fuccefTors, made, or to be, made to your Majelly, your heirs or fucceflbrs, or to any perfon or perfon* to the ufe of your Majefty, your heirs or fucceflbrs; and all fuits, procefs, judgments, decrees, and executions hereafter to be commenced, awarded and obtained for your Majefty* your heirs and fuccefTors thereupon, may be profecuted m like manner, and fhall have the fame force and eflc6l in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as writings obligatory, taken and acknowledged according to the ftatute of the ftapk.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, in all fuits hereafter to be commenced, profecuted or earned on, upon any obligation or fpecialty heretofore made to your Majefty, or to any of your predcceflbrs, or to any other perfon or perfons, to your Majefty’s or their ufe, or that hereafter (hall be made to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceflbrs, or to the ufe of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, fhall have and recover, together with the juft debts of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, cofts and damages In likp manner as is allowed to your Majefty’s fubje&s, in fuits between fubject and fubje£t for the recovery of their refpe&ivc debts.

III.	Provided always, That if any manors, Isolds, tenements, or hereditaments, which are, or at any time hereafter fhall be charged or chargeable with any debt due to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceflbrs, by obligation or other fpecialty are, or fhall be in the feizin and pofieflion of divers and fundry perfons, other than the obligor or obligors, that then, all and Angular the (aid manors, lands and tenements, and every parcel of them, in the feizin or pofleflipn of fuch other divers and fundry perfons, be wholly and entirely, and in no ways feverally liable and chargeable to, and with the payment of the faid debt.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuit be commenced or profecuted, or any ' procefs be hereafter awarded for your Majefty, your heirs or fuccefTors, for the recover)' of any of your Majefty’t or their debts, that then the fame fuit and procefs fhall be preferred, and that your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, fhall have firft execution againft any defendant or defendants of and for the faid debts due to your Majefty, your heirs or fuccef-fors, before any other perfon or perfons, fo always, that fuch fuit of your Majefty, your heirs or fuccefTors, be commenced, or procefs awarded for the faid debt, at the fuit of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, before execution begun for the faid other perfon or perfons ; and if faid other perfon or perfons fhall claim under, or by virtue of any

judgment

—





The twentyfirjl andtwenty-fecond Tears of George III.

judgment obtained, or to be obtained by default, confeffion, or nil dicity againft any officer or officers accountant to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceflors, that then, and in every fuch cafe, f»ich fuit and procefs of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflors, fhall be preferred, and your Majefty, your heirs and fucccflors, (hall have firft execution againft fuch defendant or defendants, notvrithftanding fuch judgment obtained, and execution begun for fuch other perfon or per-fons ; any thing herein, or in any other law or ftatute contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all lands, tenements, profits, commodities and hereditaments which any treafurer, vice-treafurer, under-treafurer, teller, or receiver, in or belonging to your Majefty’s court of Exchequer, treafurer of the commiflioners of barracks, and other publick works, treafurer, or receiver or receivers of ftamp duties, receiver or receivers of any fum or fums of money, by way of impreft, or otberwife, for the ufe of your Ma-jefty, your heirs^ or fucceflors, clerk of the hanaper, cuf-tomer, colle&or of cuftoms, excife, fubfidics, hearth-money, or other impofts or duties within this kingdom, and all other perfon or perfons accountable to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors, for any office or charge, or receipt what-foever, now hath or have, or at any time hereafter {hall have within the time whilft he or they, or any of them, {hall remain'accountable or indebted, fhall, until the payment and difeharge of his or their arrearages due to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceflors, at any time l*ereafter to be adjudged and determined according to the laws of this realm, upon his or their account, all his due and reafonable petitions being allowed, be liable to the payment thereof, and be put and had in execution for the payment of fuch arrearages or debts fo to be adjudged and determined upon any fuch trea-firer, vice-treafurer, under-treafurer, teller, receiver, customer, colledlor, accountant, or other officer, as is before pientiorcd, in like, and in as large and beneficial manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame treafurer, vice-trea-furer, under-treafurer, teller, receiver, cuftomer, colledlor, or other officer or accountantasaforefaid, upon whom any fuch arrearages or debts fhall be fo adjudged or determined, had the (Jay he firft became officer, receiver, or accountant, flood bound by writing obligatory, having the effe<ft of a ftatute of the fta-pte to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceflors, for the true anfvvenng and payment of the fame arrearages or debts.

VI.	And be it further ennded by the authority, afore-

faid, That all manors, land <, tenements, and hereditaments, which now are, Qr hereafter fhall come to, or be in the hands, pofleffion, occupation, or feizin of any perfon or perfons to whom the fame manors, lands, tenements, or * *	hereditaments,

73

A. D. 1781-2. Chap, so*

<----

All lands, &r. which any treafurer, See.

now hath or hereafter may have whilft he or they accountable to your Mai. as herein, fhall be liable to the payment thereof.

And all lands,

a herein, (haft after fuch def ctnt He liable to your Majcity’s debt.



• *

74

Th? fw?nty~firjt and twnty-fecond Yeart rf George IIL

A. D. hereditaments, have heretofore defcended, or hereafter (halt

1781**. defctnd, rcfert, or remain in fee Ample, or in fee tail, ge-Chap. jo. neral or fpecial, by, from, and aftet the death oF any of hi* or their ancettor or anceftofs, as heir, or by the gift of any of his atieeftors, whofe heir he is, which faid anccftor 01 an-ceftors was or were, is or are, or (hall be indebted to your Majefty, youf heirs or fucceflbrs, or to any other perfon or perfons to your Majefty *s or their ufe, by judgment, recognizance, obligation, or other fpecialty, the debt whereof is not, or ffiadl not be contented and paid, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the fame manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments (hall be, and Hand charged and chargeable to and for the payment of the faid &bt, and every part thereof.

HisMmjdty, VII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore* ice not barred feid, That your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, (nail not at an^ t*mC ^crea^ler> ** barred, delayed, foreclosed, or ex-c‘ eluded to demand, have, and receive the Juft and lawful debts, and duties of your Majcfty, your heirs or fucceflbrs, againd any of the fubje&s of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceflbrs, as heir or heirs to any perfon or perfons indebted to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceflbrs, albeit this word 44 heirs” be not, or (hall not be comprized in fuch recog* nizance, obligation, or fpecialty as afore(hid; or that any fuch perfon or perfons (hall fay or alledge, that he or they has or have not any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to him, her, or them defcended, but only fuch ma-. Dtps, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as be, or (hall be. entailed or given to them by any of their an^eftors, ta whom they be heirs.

Batifland* VIII. Provided alfo, That if any manors, lands, tene-hj^MsS^f” ment8» or hereditaments, (hall hereafter be recovered or debtor/without evifted by any juft or former title, without fraud or covin, fraud, fuch out of, or from the poffeflion of any fuch perfon or per-landa difchaig- fons, whofe manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, have been, or (hall be charged or chargeable as.is above (aid, that .then, all and every fuch manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo evicted and recovered, (hall be clearly acquitted and difeharged of and from the payment of the fame debts, and of every part thereof.

His Majefty, IX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed and declared by ice. may reco-’ the authority aforefaid, That your Majefty, your heirs and ▼er hi* debts fucceflbrs, may at your or their liberty and pleafure, dc-tor^Scc*!?*" man^* Have, and recover your and their faid debt or debts, of and againft any executor or executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators of any fuch perfon or perfons, who is, hath been, or (hall be indebted in manner and form aforefaid, if the fame executor or executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators (hall have affets in his or their hands*

X.	Provided



9

Digitized

The twentyfur/l and'tovcniyfecond Tears $f George I ir.	7	j

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the A. D.

. authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, of whom 1781-z. any fuch debt or duty is, or at any time hereafter (hall be Chap. 20. demanded or required, (hall alledge, plead, declare, or fhew ^	v'-**^*>

In any court where fuch debt (hau be demanded, good, per- Court un~ fe&, and fufficient caufe and matter in law, reafon, or good Peered on qonfcience, imbar or discharge of the (aid debt or duty, or difdurge why fuch perfon or perfons ought not to be charged or Wl<i acquit de-chargeable with the fame; and the fame caufe or matter fo fendantt land*, alledgcd, pleaded, declared, or (hewed, (hall fufficiently prove in fuch oourt as he (hall be fo impleaded or fued in for the fame, that then the faid pourt (hall have full power and authority to accept, adjudge, and allow the fame proof, and wholly and clearly to acquit aqd difeharge all and every per* fon and perfons that (hall be fo impleaded or fued for the fame.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- # Suits for du-faid, That all and every fuit and fuits which (hall hereafter be had, made, or taken, of, for, or upon any debt or du-	on,

ties which heretofore have arifen, grown, or been due, or that hereafter (hall arife, grow, or be due to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors, in your Majefty'a court of Exche-quer in this kingdom, (hall be had, made, and carried on by capias extendi facias, or immediate extent, Jubpcna, attachments, and proclamations of allegiance, if need (hall re-Quire, or any of them, or otherwise, as by the faid court (hall be thought in its diferetion expedient, for the more fpeedy recovery of the debts of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceffors; and that the faid court of exchequer (hall alfo have authority and power to hear and determine all and every fuch fuit and fuits as (hall be commenced, profecuted, and carried on for the intent above fpecified, and thereupon to award, make, and do execution by or upon the body, lands, and goods of the party or parties that (hall be fo condemned accordingly.

XII.	And whereas it may frequently happen, that the Where treafa-pnnual value of lands of fuch accountant or debtor as afore- ^March**** laid, when extended, will not be fufficient within the com- ,7ga> upon pafa of feveral years, to fatisfy the debt due to the crown determining by fuch accountant or debtor as aforefaid 5 therefore be it account*, further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes J* „^*of (hid where any treafurer, vice-treasurer, under-treafurer, teller, jan<ig may be receiver, cuftomer, colle&or, or other officer or perfon ac» fold as herein, countant, as is before mentioned, (hall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, receive or be chargeable with any fum of money due to your Majefty, your heirs, or fucceffors, and (hall, upon the c^terminingof his or their account, be found in ar-rcar, or to owe to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors,

any

#

Digitized by v^-ooQle

A. D, 1781-*. jCh»p. 40. UYV

And all fuch fales good a-gainft fuch accountant, See.

Aftar debtor's death, a feire facias (ball iffue to warn the heir to fhevr caufe as herein.

The twentyfirfi and twenty-freon j Tears of George IlL

any fum or fums of money, and that he and they, his and their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, (hall not within the fpace of hx months next after his or their accounts finifhed, or debt known, as well as when fuch account (hall be finifti-ed, or debt known, within eight years after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, as in his life-time, he and they having allowance of his or their due and reafbnable petiti* ons as is aforefaid, truly fatisfy and pay all fuch arrearages and fums of money as he or they Ihall owe as aforefaid, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for your Majefty, your heirs and fucceftors, at any time, and from time to time, after the faid fix months ended (whether the fame fhall happen within the life-time of the faid accountant pr debtor or after his death as aforefaid,) to make fale, by letters patent under the great feal of Ireland, of fo much of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of every fuch ac* countant or debtor, fo being found in arrear, or in debt? as herein before mentioned, as fhall be fufficient to fatisfy the faid debt; and if any overplus of mouey fhall be received 04 had, upon any fuch fale, then the fame (hall be paid and delivered to the accountant or his heir, by the officer that fhall receive the money upon fuch fale, without any further of other warrant in that behalf, to be made or obtained*

XIII.	And be it further enacied by the authority aforefaid, That all the faid fales to be made on behalf of your Majefty, your heirs or fucceftors, as is aforefaid, (hall be good and available in law againft the party accountant indebted as is aforefaid, and his heirs, claiming as heirs, and againft your Majefty, your heiis and fucceftors, notwith-(landing aqy former charge or incumbrance to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceftors, by the perfon or perfons for whofe debt or duty the fame (hall be fold.

XIV,	PrQvided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, and before fuch time as any the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, defeended unto the heir of fuch accountant or debtor, as heir of the fame accountant or debtor^ foall be fold as aforefaid, 3 feire facias (hall bp awarded out of your Majefty's court of exchequer, unto the (henff of the county, or»f fhe county of a city,’or county of a town where fuch lands do lie, to garni(h the fame heir to (hew caufe why the fame lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to him defeended as aforefaid, (hould not be put to fale for fathfa&ion of the debts, whereupon, if the heir do not within a convenient time upon a garnilhmer.t, or two nthils returned, (hew and prove unto the faid court, that the executors or adminiftrators of fuch accountant or debtor have fufficient, which ought to aniwer, or be liable fifr the fame debt, whereby it may be duly and fully fatished, that then, on the expiration of ten months next after fuch garnifh-

Digitized

d by Google

*fb* teveafyfr/l and f‘&eh4yfceond Yean of George 1IL

tftent, or two mbils returned, the fame lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or a fufficient part thereof, (hall be fold by your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors, in manner afore-iud; and the money anting from fuch laid (hall be applied as herein is direded.

XV.	Provided always, that this a&,jps touching only the fale of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which any perfon or perfons not being privy unto, or confenting to any intent, to defraud your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors, have heretofore pur-chafed or obtained, Iona fide, and upon valuable confiderati-on, or which any perfon or perfons,' not being fo privy or confenting unto any intent to defraud your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors, {hall hereafter purchafe and obtain, bona Jklt, and on good confideration, after the death of fuch accountant or debtor, and before any fuch feire facias fhall iffue.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if the heir of any fuch accountant or debtor fhall happen to be within the age of one and twenty years, when any fuch procefs of feire faiins (hall be awarded, that then, duting the time of his or her nonage, this a&, or any thing therein contained, fhall not in any wife be executed or put in force, as touching or concerning only the felling of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any fuch heir; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided alfo, That after fuch time as any fuch heir fhall accomplifh the full age of twenty-one years, all and fingular the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, defended unto the fame heir, from any fuch debtor or accountant as aforefaid, fhall be fubjeCt and liable to be fold for the payment, difeharge, and iatisfa&ion of the demands of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceffors, according to the intent and true meaning of this a&, in fuch manner and form, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch heir had been of full age at the time of the death of fuch accountant or debtor.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained fhall extend to the fale of the I^nds, tenements, or hereditaments, of any fuch heir or heirs, for or by reafon of any account or debt, whereof fuch debtor or accountant hath or fhall have

, a quietus e't in his life-time.

XIX.	And‘be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons accountant, or indebted as is aforefaid, fhall at any time after he or they fhall become

Sales coder this ad not to extend as herein*

If heir within age when feire facias iflues, no pro, cfs as herein.

But from time ot arriving at full age, &c.

Not to extend to lale of LuiU*, as herein.

78	todrtfjirfl and t'OJtntyJtcnad Turn of George III.

A. D. e*mc accountant or chargeable as herein before mention^ 1781*2. purchafe any lands, tenements, or hereditaments in his or Chap. 20. their own name, or pmrehafe, or canfe the fame to be pur-W—“ chafed in the name of any other perfon or perfoas ia tnzjl p!!r for himfelf or themfelvcs, or for any other perfon or per-accountantor k** w^Cre *ke ^sunf “ *°dccd meant or intended to be to debtor, and the life, profit, or behoof of the perfon or perfons fo ac-foandfoby in- eountant or indebted, and the faid fecret tnift, ufe, profit* ^u^t.,on» “ablc or behoof and manner of purchafing, (hall be found by of-1 * bee or inquifkion, that then, all and every the lands, terte-ments, and hereditaments, fo purchafed, or caufcd to be purGhafed, (hall, by virtue of this ad, be, taken, deemed, and ufed for the fatisfa&ion of the arrears and debt of every inch accountant or debtor as is above mentioned, to all intents and purpoies as if the perfon or perfons indebted upon his or their account were thereof a&ually feized of fuch ef-tate, fo conveyed to any perfon or perfons by any fuch accountant or debtor, or by his means as is aforefaid; and that all (ales to he thereof made by your Majefly, your heirs or fucceffors, for fatisfadion of luch debt or arrear as (hall be found as is aforefaid, to be due and owing to your Majefly* your heirs or fucceffors, (hall be of the like effed, and be ufed and done in fuch like manner and form as is before ex-prefled.

Traverfetofuch XX* provided always, and be it further enadtd by the inquifition al- (wthoritjr aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for every perfoa lowed as herein, and perfons wbofc lands, tenements, or hereditaments (hall* by any office or inquifition be found to be fraudulently com* veyed or allured as is aforefaid, to have his or their lawful traverfc to every fuch office 6r inquifition ; and if it be found with the party that tendercth the traverfe, that then he fhall have the {aid lands out of his Majefty’s hands, with* out any petition, livery, or vufter lmain9 or any other fuif, and the fame lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fhall be adjudged as not liable or chargeable, and fhall not be fold ♦	by force of any thing herein contained.

And when by XXI. Provided adfo, and be it further ena&ed by the fuch fide his authority aforefaid, That if your Majefly, yoiir heirs or fuc-Maieffcy’i debt CefTors, fhall by any fale of land had in parfuance hereof* I*1 ’	be fully paid the debt or arrearages of any fuch accountant

forties of fuch or debtor, then the fureties of fuch accountant or debtor debtor dif- fhall be difeharged of and from the faid debt and arrearage# charged.	£0 fetisfied as aforefaid.

Nothing here- XXII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the an to extend to authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained fhall ex-charge anj (he- tend, or be conftrued to extend to charge any fheriff, ef-riff, as herein, cbentor, or bailiff of any liberty* or the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of any fuch fheriff, efeheator, or bailiff of any liberty, or of any of their heirs or alligns, for any thing

touching

*

Digitized^ l^-OOQl

Id Mentyfarf! andtwentyfrtond tww Qeorge III*

touching his or their faid office or offices, or for any money by him or them received, or to he received by reafon of any of their (aid offices, otherwife, or in any other manner than he or they might lawfully hare been charged heretofore) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwtth-fbmding.

XXILL And be it further cnaftvd by the authority afore-faid, That if any treafurer, vice-treafurer, under-treafurcr, teller, co&omcr, coUefter, or receiver of any duties wtpo-(moss, taxes ®r fums of money, or other officer accountant and chargeable with publick money as herein before me* tied* dull, contrary to his duty, detain all or any part of the monies by him cottefted or received for the (pace of fix months alter he Arnold have paid off the fame, then he or thry for foch detention, fhnll be charged with mterrft for the monies fo by him or them detained, after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum for fitch time as lie (hall detain the fame, to be recovered by aftkia, foil, or information, or by any of the way* hereto contained, for recovering debts from publick accountants or debtor*

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid. That m all a&ioas and foits for the recovery of any debt or debts which now doth or do, or hereafter (hall appertain or accrue, remain, or be due to your Majsfty, your heirs or fucccffors, by reafon of any attainder, outktr-ry, forfeiture, gift of the party, or by any other collateral way or means whatfosver, it (hall be fufficicnt ia the law to (hew and alledge in the faid fuit generally, that the party to whom the (aid debt or debts did belong fuch year and day, did give the lame defat or debts unto the King, or was attainted, outlawed, or committed other offence, forfeiture, deed, aft, or thing, by reafon whereof the laid defat or defats did accrue, and ought to be paid to your Majefty, your heirs or fucceffors; and that the (ante matter fa aL ledged or declared in a generality without (hewing and declaring the cireumftancea thereof, (hall he of as good force and effeft in the law to all intents, conftrn&ions, and purposes, as if the whole matter thereof had been, or were al-kdged and declared at laige*

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore (aid, That nothing herein contained (hall be con-(trued to repeal, weaken, or alter all or any of the jurifdio tions, powers, or authorities given, preferibed, direfttd, or appointed in and by an aft of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Chades the fecond, intituled, An aQ for fettling the exeife or new im-poft upon hi* Mapefipt bio bfiro and fuecefforr* according to the boob of rotas therein irferted, or in or by any other law now is force for the improvement, or better oolkftion of his Ma* jelly's nevenue.

J 7	CHAP,



Any treafurer, Ac. detaining money fix month* after tone it (faoaid

be pdd.

charged is par cent.

In aD actions for hisMajefty^s debts, is herein.

and foch amt-ten fo alledgcd Audi be good in law. *	,

Nothing herein (hall prejudice any powers, Ac. by 14 ts* 15 C.2.&,

Digitized by

Google

$o	The twentyfirjl and twentyfccond Tears of George UI*

A. D.

1781-2.	,	CHAP. XXL

An Adfor the more effeOually preventing the multiplying Votes at Eledions of Members to ferve in Parliament for Boroughs f where a Right of footing is vejled in the Prote/lant Inhabitants in general, or Protejktnt Inhabitants and others.

Explainedand*TXTHEREAS the federal law* heretofore made, and ami ended c. 63.	V V now in force in this kingdom, in order to prevent

the fraudulent multiplying of'votes at elt&ions of member* to ferve in Parliament, have been found by experience not to be fufficiently effectual in retraining fuch illegal and corrupt pradiccs in boroughs, where the right of election i* vefted in the proteftant inhabitants in general, or proteftant inhabitants and others, whereby the right* of the legal voters in fuch boroughs, of returning reprefen tat ives to Parliament have been grievoufly injured and infringed upon: and vthereas it has been found by experience that the regiftering of votes has been highly effectual in preventing fuch illegal and. corrupt pradtices in the election of members to ferve in Recital of 3 Parliament: and whereas by an adt paffed in the third year

G.	3. c. ij. f. 5. of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for the more effectual prnetting bribery and corruption in the eledion of members to ferve in Parliament, and the magijlratcs of cities, borougbs9 and towns corporate, it is euadted, That no perfon whatsoever (hall, after the firft day of May next, be admitted to vote on any election for any member or members to ferve in Parliament for any borough in this kingdom, where the right of voting is vefted in the proteftant inhabitants in general, until fuch perfon fo tendering his vote, in cafe of any objedfion made thereto by any of the candidates, or their agents, (hall take the following oath, or if a quakcr, affirmation, that is to fay,

I A. B. do fwear, or, if a quaker, do affirm, that I am an inhabitant of	(here naming the place where

fuch eledtion is) and have been for theft fix months lajl pad, and that I am not, nor have not, within thefe fix months lajl paft, been an inmate or lodger with any other perfon in faid borough, but have paid the ufual taxes and cejfes in faid borougbr as an houjholder ; and that I did not come to refide in faid borough ftnee the prefent vacancy happened; and that I am not a papifi, nor married to a papijl, nor do not educate, or fiffer to be educated, any of my children in the popijh religion.

Which oa^h or affirmation, the fenefchal or returning officer of fuch borough is hereby impowered and diredted to adminifter to fuch voter, at the requeft of any of the candidates.

Digitized by

Google

I

The twenty ferfe and twenty fccond Tea ft of George III.	81*

didatea, or their agents; and on fuch voter fo taking the faid A. D. oath (or if a quaker, the faid affirmation) then, and not	1787-2.

before, the laid fenefchal, or returning officer of faid bo- Chap. 421. rough, fhall take down fuch vote; and the faid oath, or af-fraction if a quaker, (hall be final and concluhve to the faid f^oefchal, or returning officer of fuch borough; and every fuch voter (hall not be liable to any further ferutiny or exa* miration whatfoever before fuch fenefchal or returning offi-

|	c6\ ton*any fuch eledion t and alfo by another ad pafled in

the fifteenth and fixteenth of his prefent Majefty, intituled, *5 and 16 G. j. An aS for better regulating the ele&ions of members to ferve in c l^‘ l' Ia* Parliament* it is enaded, That no perfon whatfoever (hall be admitted to vote as an inhabitant on any election for any member or members to ferve in Parliament for any borough in this kingdom* where the right of voting is veiled in the proteftant inhabitants in general, or in the freeholders or inhabitants, uAil fuch perfon fo tendering his vote, in cafe of aay objedion made thereto by any eledor, (hall take the following oath, or if a quaker, affirmation, indead of th* oath direded by an ad made in the third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aSfor the more effeQualpreventing hri-hery and corruption in the eleQion of members to ferve in Parliament, and the magistrates of cities, boroughs, and toasts corporate, that is to fay,

Ik. B. do /wear, or if a quaker, do offe m, thnt 1 am an inhabitant of	(here	naming the place fuch eledion .

is) and that my houfe is jituate in	aid my next

neighbours tore	and I ha ve been an inhabitant ,

I	if the fend borough for thefe fix months loft paft; and that I

am not, nor hovel been within theft fix months lafl baft, an inmate or lodger with any other perfon in faid borough, but have . paid the ufual and cuftomary taxes and cefjes in faid borough as an biujbolder, which have been legally demanded of me, and that / did not divide my houfe in order to multiply votes at this election; and that I did not come to refide ti faid borough fence the prefent vacancy happened, nor in order to give my vote at tbn election*

|	Si	help	nn	God.

Am^if any candidate, or any perfon liaving a right to vote (hall require* it, thefe words (hall be added to the (aid oath, u and that J atm of the age of twenty one years, as I verily believeand if the fame (hall be in like manner required, the following words (hall be added ; “ and that I am not a papift\ nor married to a papife, and do not educate, or fufer Os be educated, any of my children under the age of fourteen years, in the popi/h religion : provided, that if a convert from the popid) religion (hall teiyJer his vote, iuftead of thefe Vol. VII.	F	words,

I

1

Thetwenty firji and twenty fecond Tears of George IIT. words, nor married to a pa pi ft, then (hall be inferted in the Cud oath the following words, that is to fay, Nor have I fine# my conformity to the protefiant religion, married arty fa-pifi now living. Which * oath or affirmation the fenefchal or returning officer of fuch borough, or his or their deputy or deputies appointed as afore faid, is hereby impowered and djre&ed to adminifter to fuch voter at the requefl of any cle&or ; and on fuch voter fo taking the faid oath, or if a quaker the faid affirmation, then and not before, fuch fenefchal or returning officer (hall admit fuch vote^ and the (aid oath, or affirmation if a quaker, (hall be abfolutely final and conclufive evidence to the faid fenefchal or returning officer of fuch borough, or his deputy, that the perfon fo taking faid oath, or making affirmation is qualified to vote at fuch election ; and no fuch voter (hall be liable to any further ferutiny or examination whatfoever before fuch fenefchal or returning officer, or his deputy on any ele&ion i be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpirittial and temporal, and commons in this prefeut Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, rlhat the faid recited parts of the faid ads be, and from henceforth are, hereby repealed and made null and void*

II.	And for the more effedual preventing the fraudulent . multiplying of votes in boroughs, where a right of voting is vetted in the protefiant inhabitants in general, or in the protefiant inhabitants and others, and the abufes committed by fraudulent and occafional voters at ele&ions in fuch bo-^ roughs, and for the better afeertaining what perfons in fuch boroughs have a right to vote for members to ferve in Parliament for the faid boroughs: be it enacted by the authority Evrry Tcfident aforefaid, That every refident inhabitant claiming a right to j nh" hi rant	vote, as being a protcllant inhabitant of fuch boroughs, (hall

ClJlIllir.g to	’	o rr„,	-	r	t	° -rt

Vi.tc, Pnall rr. at* lome quartcr-lelfions, or adjournment thereof, be regiltcr-friftir. here ed in the following manner, that is to fay, every fuch inhabt-nn and take :hc tant (hall in open court, before the juftices of the peace at o o*mg oath. t^c qUartcr feflions of the county wherein fuch borough lieth, or at fuch adjournment thereof, take the following oath, or if a quaker, make the following affirmation. I

fo much of faid *<5U as ireited, repealed.

I A. B. do fwear, or if a quaker, do affirm^ that I am a

refident inhabitant oj the borough of	*	in	the

county of	and	that	my	hovfe	is	fituated in

(here naming the (Ireet, lane, alley, row, or place) and tl at my neighoours are	and

and that 1 am not an inmate or ledger with any other ptrjon in Jaid borough, but am really and truly a refJmt inhabitant of and houfe-keeper in the faid borough, and am attfwerable for payment of the ujital ctfiomary £axes and cef 'a in Jaid borough,

as

&



*The twentyfajl and twenty feCond Teats of George III. u a refident he ufe-bolder therein, which jhall or may . he legally



i

A. D. 1781-*.

demanded of me, and that 1 am not a papift, nor married to 41 yap if, and do not educate, orfujftr to be educated, any of Chap. 21. my children, under the age of fourteen years> in the popijb re- V—■ mJ legion.

III.	Provided, That if a convert from the popifh religi- jf a convert on Ihall come to be regiflered, inftead of thefe words (nor the oath al-married to a papiil) then fhall be inferted in the faid oath the tcxe^ as hetein. following words, that is to fay, Nor have I fince my conformity to the protefiant religion married any papijl now living ;

and that when any inhabitant of fuch borough (hall defire to have his refidencc regiftercd, he (hall fwear or affirm the aforefaid affidavit or affirmation, which when duly fwom or affirmed, ihall be read aloud in open court, and the perfon fo regiftering (hall fign the fame #r affix his mark thereto before two witneffes, and if taken and figned as aforefaid, the court ihall deliver it to the a&ing clerk of the peace of the faid county, and the faid clerk of the peace mail immedi- . ately with a wafer, affix the paper containing the faid affi-davit or affirmation in a book coniifting of vellum or parchment leaves loofely bound, to be by him kept for that pur-purpofe, and for no other, in its order, that is to fay, immediately after the affidavit or affirmation laft made, and then the court ihall iigo it and date it, according to the day of the month and year.

IV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid,	^

TPhat though the affidavits be inferted in the Odd book in davits {hall he their order, as to the time in which they were made, the alphabetically n^roes of the perfons making the fame, ihall be alphabeti- mdexed, cally arranged in an index at the end of the fame book, and

the page where the affidavit of the faid inhabitant may be found, and that fuch inhabitants names Ihall be fo entered immediately after the correfponding affidavit or affirmation (hall have been entered as aforefaid in the regiftry book, without the intervention of any other bufinefs whatfoever, for the inferting of which affidavit or affirmation, entry or	*

regiftry, and indexing the fame, the fum of fix pence and for which no more-ihall be paid by fuch inhabitant to the a£ling clerk 6d. to be paid, of the peace at the time of fuch regiftcring, if he ihall demand the fame, and no more.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, „ ...	.

That the faid book Ihall be kept by the clerk of the peace fcepfwith re-among the records of the county, and that each entry Ihall cords of the be deemed a record of the county ; and that the faid clerk county, and of the peace be required to preferve the faid book, without 5ce«tcdHiVe-addition or alteration from one court of quarter fefiions to cor^ another#* neither writing in the fame himfelf, nor permitting any other perfon to write therein, but that the faihe

0	\	F	2	Ihall

84.	The	twenty	and twenty-Jecond Years of Gcofgc III.

A. D.	fhall nevrrthelefs be open to the	infpeftion of any	regiflercd

1781-2.	inhabitant of fuch borough, at	any time between	the hours

Chap. 21. of twelve and two o’clock in the day time, when fuch inha-'	bitant fhall require it, upon his giving twenty four	hours do-

open to in-	tice, except only on Sundays,	and the greater	feafts, he

iftcrSd inha*" Pay‘n£ ^or ^arllc one idling and no more for every time biunta as here- he dial! infped the fame, and being debarred the ufe of both in.	pen and ink during the whole of that time; and that if any

perfon having or claiming to have a vote in the fame borough, fhall requite of the clerk of the peace to fumifh him '	with a copy of the faid regiflry book, or any part thereof,

the faid clerk of the peace mall write or caufc to be written a true copy of the fame, and within a reafonable time furnifh the faid voter therewith, charging him for the fame at the rate of two pence for every four inhabitants fo regiftered contained in faid copy, including the index ; and that if tiny perfon having or claiming to	have a vote in	fuch borough, fhall require* from the clerk	of the peace a	copy of

the index, or any part thereof, the faid clerk of the peace fhall furnifh him therewith within eight days after, charging him for the fame at the rate of one penny for every ten names of inhabitants contained in the faid copy.

And on laft VI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforAfd, day of	quarter	That the a&ing clerk of the peace,	on the laft day	of every

derk^peacc	<luartcr felons, do and fhall infert a true copy of	fuch en-

(hallenter in	try or regiftry, or entries or regiftries, as he fhall have made

a book a copy during the courfe of the faid quarter feffions, together with of all regiftries index to the fame, in a book exa&ly fimilar to his own, as eicm. to he kCpt hy the church wardens of the parifh or parifhes .	wherein	the	faid	borough	lies, or by one of them, and by

them or one of them to be carried to every fuch quarter feffions, and there entrufted to the a&ing clerk of the peace for tSat purpofe, on the laft day of each quarter feflion, and at no other time; and that the church wardens fhall prefenre the faid book without alteration from one quarter feflion to .	another, not writing in it himfelf or themfelves, nor per-

mitting any other perfon or perfons to write therein, except the clerk of the peace as aforefaid.

Sheriffs on VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, receipt of writ That the fheriff of the county in which fuch borough fhall for eleding a he, (hall at all times, upon .receiving a writ for the ele&ion require clerk a mem*>er or members to ferve in Parliament for fuch bo-of peace to de- rough, require of the clerk of the peace, that’he do deliver liver his book to the churchwardens, or one of them, of the parifh or pa-to church-war- rj(hes wberein find borough lies, his faid book fo by him kept ens, as run. ^ aforefaid, and that the faid church wardens with faid book, and the duplicate thereof in their pofleflion kept, Iball attend bn the returning officer in faid borough, in tne court where the poll fhall be taken, throughout the whole of

• every

The twentyferjl and twenty fecond Tears of George III.

every election of members to ferve in Parliament for faid borough, unlefs one of them fhall by any elc&orbe required to attend in a deputy court, with his refpe&ive book of re-giftry before mentioned, to be freely infpedted in their hands during the ele&ion, by any pcrfon concerned there-

1U.

VIII. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore- No pcrfon faid,- That no perfon whatsoever, intitled to vote in right of to vote merely being a proteftant inhabitant only, (hall vote for any mem- a®^n . ber or members to ferve in Parliament, where a right of vot- in otjiers ing is vefled in the proteftant inhabitants in general, or pro- except as herein, t eft ant inhabitants and others, who fhall not appear to have been firft regiftered in faid books, or one of them, in the manner above preferibed, twelve calendar months at lead before the time of holding fuch ele&ion, (except in the cafe herein after particularly excepted) which being found upon infpe&ion of the returning officer or his deputy, the returning officer or his deputy fhall then and not before, if thereto required by any electors, adminifter to fuch perfon the oath or affirmation following, that is to fay?

I A. B. do fwear, or if a quaker, do affirm, that I am re-fident inhabitant of the borough of	in	the	county

of	and	that 1 have been fo for theft twelve months

lafi pafti and that my houfe is fetuatod in	and that my

next neighbours are	and	that 1 am not an inmate

or lodger with any other perfon in faid borough, nor have 1 been fo at any time within thefc twel ve months lajl paft > but% have paid the ufual and cuftomary taxes and cefjes in Jaid bo-rough as an hoajbolder, which ha ve been legally demanded of me, and that I did not divide my houfe or out-koufes, or fuffer my houfe or out*houfes to be divided in order to multiple votes at this election ; and that I did not come to refide in faid borough fence the prefent vacancy happened, nor in order to give my vote at this election.

' So help me God\

And if any candidate or any perfon having a right to vote at fuch election fhall require it, thefe words fhall be added to faid oath, viz. u and that I am of the age of twenty one years as I verily believeand if the fame fhall be in like

manner required, the following words {hall be added, 44 and that I am not a papift, nor married to a pa pi)}, nor do not educate, or fujfer to be educated any of my children under the age of fourteen years in thepopijh religion provided that if a convert from the popifti religion fhall tender his vote, inflead of thefe words, 44 not married.to a papifef then fhall be inferted in the faid oath the following words, that is to fay, 44 nor

•	havdk



1

The twenty frjl and twentyfecond Tears of George III.

have Iface my conformity to the protcjlant religion married any papifl now facing”

So help me God

dence of right to vote.

Which oath or affirmation the fenefchal or returning officer of fuch borough, or his or their deputy or deputies appointed as aforefaid, is, and are hereby impowered and dire&ed to adminiiter to fuch voter at the requeft of any ele&or; and on fuch voter fo taking the faid oath, or if a quaker the faid affirmation, then and not before, fuch fenefchal or re-and fuch oath turning officer (hall admit fuch votes, and (aid oath, or af-conclufive evi- formation if a quaker, fhall be abfolutely final and conclufive evidence to faid fenefchal or returning officer of fuch borough, or his deputy, that the pcrfon fo taking faid oath, or making affirmation is qualified to vote at fuch ele&ion ; and no fuch voter fhall be liable to any further fcrutiny or examination whatfoever before fuch fenefchal or returning officer, or his deputy at fuch eledion.

IX.	And be it enadtd by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch inhabitant of fuch borough (hall find that the a&ing clerk of the peace has wilfully or negligently aded in difobedience hereto, by not regiftering his refidence in the manner hereby direded, having been thereunto duly required, and by not giving to the church-wardens of faid borough a copy of the regiftry book, in the manner and at the time herein before mentioned, or by ending, tearing out, or defignedly making the fame or any part thereof illegible ; or defignedly, or through negled fuffering any per-fon to do fo, the faid inhabitant fhall be intitled to recover from the (aid ading clerk of the peace, by civil bill, the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence, procefa being ferved twelve days inclufive, before the firft day of the at-fizes

X.	And in order that the faid inhabitant or inhabitants

If inhabitant find that the tlerk of peace hat ncgle&ed entering hU re-

he may recover

aol.

Clerk of

peace on receipt may the more eafily recover the aforefaid fum or fums in the of 6d. fhall manner herein before mentioned : be it enaded by the au-fitan^a certifil thority aforefaid, That the faid ading clerk of the peace, catf. of his re- upon the receipt of fix pence as aforefaid, fhall deliver to the giftry as herein. Inhabitant a certificate figned by the court, and counter-figned by himfelf, who is hereby required to fign the fame, of his having been duly regiflered on that day, which certificate, though po part of the regiftry, fhall, when proved, be fufficient evidence upon any civil bill brought for the penalty aforefaid.

XI. Abd be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if the regiftry book to be kept by the clerk of the peace, and the copy thereof to be kept by the church wardens, (hall , both be prpved upon oath before the returning officer of faid

If books loft or defaced.

borough, who is hereby authorized to adminifter the famc%

tQ



• •

*Tbe t*wenty-firjl and twentyfecond Tears of George III.

*7

certificate

to have been loft, deftroyed, or fo defaced, that the affidavits (hall be illegible, either previous to, or during the election, in fuch cafe, any of the faid certificates when proved,

(hall be fufficient evidence upon the eleftion, that the inhabitant producing the fame, has been duly regiftered.

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That	°n*h«

if any perfon, not excepting the clerfc of the peace and the Deftroying, church-wardens, ftiall fteal or deftroy, or malicioufly alter &c. faid books, faid regiftry books, or either of them, whether in the body or either, wil-of the faid books, or their index, or negligently or wilfully *u jtY -fuffer the fame to be done, the perfon who fhall be convicted imprifon-of fo offending, (hall fuffer three years imprifonment.	ment.

XIII.	And leaft any doubt ihould arife at theeleftion, with j^o pcrfon to

refpeft to voters, and in order the better to prevent pcijury and vore, unltfs re-occafional votes ; be it hereby declared by the authority gifteied 12 aforefaid, to be the true intent and meaning of this ad,	‘

That no perfon what foe ver (hall be fuffered to vote at any

fuch election, in right of being a proteftant inhabitant, without having been firft regiftered as aforefaid, twelve months at the leafl before the time of holding fuch eleftion, but that the returning officer or his deputy is hereby required to re-fufe fuch vote v any thing in any other aft of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained Not to afffft, fhall affeft any eleftion that (hall be held in apd for any *ny election he* fuch borough, before the firft day of Auguft one thoufand j°Fg 1 ugL * feven hundred and eighty three.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Falfe fwear-

faid. That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall faifely jnS>	*

and wilfully fwear or affirm, contrary to the true intent and ^Vunifted meaning of this aft, being thereof indifted and convifted, *s wilful perjury fhall fuffer fuch pains, penalties, and difabilitics as perfons as herein, convifted of wilful and corrupt peijury ought by law to fuffer ; and that any perfon claiming to be a voter as an inhabitant of fuch borough, who (hall be guilty of peijury in regiftering his inhabitancy and right of voting, or pretended right in fuch borough, without being really bomr fdr,

a refident inhabitant thereof, according to the form of the oath afoicfaid preferibed, and (hall be thereof convifted and	*

condemned, and fuffer the pains and penalties aforefaid, (hall	#

for ever be incapable of giving any vote at any eleftion of a member to ferve in Parliament; but that in all other cafes, the affidavits inferted in the regiftry book as aforefaid, or the certificates of fuch regiftry in cafe as aforefaid, (hall be con-clufive evidence to the returning officer that the inhabitant	*

thereby regiftered is intitled to vote.

XVI.	Provided always * tint nothing herein contained*. freehold-r, faall be cov.ftrued to oblige any freeholder, burgefs, or freez e <hKgeiio

1 4k RttOj who as fuch are intitled to vote in anv borough, to re-

fide



A. D.

1781^2.

Inhabitant, as fuch, inti-tied to yote for m^giftrates, mud i emitter u aforefaid.

$0 much of 17 * 18 C. 2. c. 15.

8c 196 so G.

S c- - o. as to ajnape on the ncw^irppery,

«

The twenty-frjl and twenty fecond Tears of George III.

fide within fuch borough^ or to regifter his refidence, no# to extend to any voter, but fuch as is intitled to vote in right of bis being a proteftant inhabitant only.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in any borough in which the proteftant inhabitants may be intitled to.vote, not only for members to ferve in Parliament, but alfo at the eledions of chief magiftrates, burgefles, and freemeti, for faid corporations, no perfons claiming to vote therein as a proteftant inhabitant, fhjill after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, be admitted or intitled to vote as fuch for any chief magiftrate, burgefs, or freeman, unlefs he fhall be registered in like manner, and for the fame length of time previous to his fa voting, and unlefs he fhall take the fame oath or oaths, as is herein before di reded, to entitle fuch proteftant inhabitants to vote for members to ferve in Parliament. %

CHAP. XXIII.

An Ad for repeating fo much of an Aft made in the feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of the Reign of King Charles the fecond* intituled, An AS for the true making of all Sorts of Cloth called the .Old and New Drapery, and the true fearching and feeding thereof by His Meytffs Alnager within this King-dom ; and alfo fo much of an A8 made in the Nineteenth and 'Tweniieth Tears of His Majeffs Reign, intituled. An Ad for the better Regulation of the Woollen ManufaQure of this Kingdom, as relate to the New Drapery, Cottons, and Stockings, and for other Purfofes•

TT7HEREAS an *aA pafTed in this kingdom in the fe-* * venteenth and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intituled, An a8 for the true making of all forts of cloth, called the old and new drapery, and the true fearching andfealing thereof by his Maje/ly*s alnager within this kingdom, and one other ad pafTed in this kingdom, in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty’a reign, intituled. An a8 for the better regulation of the woollen manufafiure of this kingdom ; and whereas it hath been founds by experience that the fubfidy and alnagc payable to his Majefly, by the faid recited ads, and the fees thereby made payable to his Ma jelly's alnager upon the new drapery, cottons, and (lockings, and all other manufadures fubjed to alnage, except old drapery, are a heavy charge upon, and tend to prevent the extenfion oT the faid manufadures, and ^hat it is not expedient that the faid manufadures of new ^hapery, cottons, (lockings, and other manufadures as # aforefaid, except old drapery, fhould longer continue under •	fuch

• s

$

• •

The t'wenty-firjl and twenty-fccond Tears of George IIL	89

filch reftraints and regulations as are bid upon them by the A. - D. faid recited aCts; and it is therefore found expedient that 1781-2. fo much of the (aid recited aCts as relate to cottons, new Chap. 23. drapery, and ftockings, and other manufactures, except old drapery as aforefaid, ought to be repealed ; and whereas* it repealed, alfp appears that the bws now in being for regubting the woollen manufactures of jhis kingdom, called old draperies, are beneficial to the faid manufactures, and ought to be carried into execution, fave and except that all thofe parts of the old drapery called broad cloth, ftiould be charged broad doth and chargeable with only one half of the fubfidy payable by ch*r£caWc as die faid firfl recited aCt, and that all other parts of the old hcr“11* drapery (hould be charged and chargeable with only one fourth part of the fubfidy payable by the faid firft recited aCt; therefore be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefect parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid herein be-, fore recited ads, as far only as the fame tend to impofe any fubfidy, duty, or fee, on or in any wife relate to (luffs, ferges, camblets, calimancoes, evcrlaftings, fattinets, worfL ed-damafks, moreens, paragons, kidderminfters, bombazines, crapes, poplins, tabinets, and all other goods called and known by the name of the new drapery, by whatever particular name now denominated or hereafter to be denominated, or which are made of worfted or of wool and (ilk, or wool and linen, or cotton yarn, to cottons and ftockings, and to any fpecies of goods heretofore, or at prefent fubjeCt to fubfidy, alnage, and fees, except old drapery, (hall from henceforth ftand and be repealed, and be null and void, and that from henceforth all fuch fubfidy and alnage as was by the faid recited aCts, or either of them, charged and charge^ able and payable to hi‘3 Majefty, and all fiich fees as are thereby charged, chargeable, or payable for fealing, mea-furing, feanching, viewing, trying, or weighing the faid laft mentioned fpecies oft goods by his Majefty’s alnagcr, his deputy or deputies, (hall ceafc and determine.'

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. All fee* to That all* fees payable to the faid alnager, whether by pre- alnageron new feription or otherwife upon the faid manufactures of new	detcfu

drapery, cottons, and ftockings, or other manufactures, ex-	*

cept old drapery as aforefaid, and all the duties of his office refpeCting the fame, (hall from henceforth ceaft to be payable or performed.

IIL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Subfidy on

That from and after the pafiiug of this ad, no, higher fub- broad doth, &s»

(id y^ (hall be charged, raj fed, paid, or levied by virtue of the ai b*™1*1*

faid recited aCts, or either of them, on thofe manufactures

faffed old drapery, ^han a^herein after mentioned, that is to

*

*

A. D. 1781-2.

Nothing herein to affect any cloth, keriies, &c. as herein.

Amended 3*

G. 3. c. 22.

After 1 May 1*182, any pa-pift may pur-chafe or take kfcds, &c. or any intercfl therein except as herein.

The twentyfirjl and twenty fecond Tears of George IIL

fay, upon fuch part of the old drapery as is called broad doth, the fum of two pence for every broad doth of the length preferibed by the faid ad of the feventeenth and eighteenth of Charles the fecond, being one half of the old fubfidy nqw payable thereon, and upon all other part of the old drapery of the length preferibed by the faid ad, the fum of one half penny, being one fourth part of the old fubfidy now payable thereon.

IV.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained, fhall affed, or tend to affed, or be confirmed, deemed, or taken to affed, any cloth, cloths, kerfies, rugs, baiae, or any other goods or manufadures commonly called and known by the name of old drapery, except cottons and flocking?, fave as herein before enaded in refped of the fubfidy or fub-fidies to be paid thereon, but that the faid recitkd ads, fo far as the fame relate to all goods commonly called and known by the name of the old drapery, fave and except as aforefaid, fhall Hand and remain in full force and effed as if this ad had never been made,

CHAP. XXIV.

An A8for the further	of His Majefly*s SuhjeSs of this

Kingdom, profejfing the Popi/b Religion.

TT7HEREAS all fuch of his Majefty’s fubjeds in this * * kingdom, of whatever perfuafion, as have heretofore taken and fubferibed, or fhall hereafter take and fubferibe, the oath of allegiance and declaration preferibed by an ad palTed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majefly’s reign, intituled, An a8 to enable his Majefifs fubjeds of whatever perfuafion, to teJHfy their allegiance to him ; ought to be confidercd as good and loyal fubjeds to his Ma* jefly, his crown and government: and whereas a continuance of feveral of the laws formerly enaded, and flillin force in this kingdom, againfl perfons profiling the popilh religion, is therefore unnecefTary, in refped to thofc who have taken or (hall take the faid oath, and is injurious to the real welfare and profperity of Ireland ; therefore be it enaded by the King’s mofl excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and fommons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firfl day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons profefiing the popilh religion, to purchnfe, or take by grant, limitation, defeent, or devife, any lands, .tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom, or any interefl therein, (except ad.

vowfons*

7he toxnty-firjl and twenty-fccond Tears of George III.

vowfons, and alfo except any manor or borough, or an j part of a manor or borough, the freeholders or inhabitants whereof are intitled to vote for burgefTes to represent fuch borough or manor in Parliament) and the fame to difpofe of as he, fhe, or they (hall think fit, by will, or otherwife; and that fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo pur-chafed or taken, (hall be dependable, according to the courfe of the common law, and devifeable and transferable, in like manner as the lands of proteftants; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall be cori-ftrued to difable any papift, or perfon profeffing the popifh rent <hfpofa! of religion, from taking any intereft in lands, tenements, or manor* heiecHtaments, and difpofirtg of the fame, in fuch manner

as fuch papi r, or perfon profeffing the popifh religion, might have done by law, before the palling of this aft, in any fuch manor or borough.

III.	Savingto all perfons whatfoever, who have or (hall Right of p«-

have inftituted or commenced any aftion or fuit in law or ions who have equity, previous to the paffing of this\a6t, all fuch right,	^ior

tide, eftate, and intereft, both in law and equity, a& they	£gPnor

or any of them had, could, might, or ought to hav e had, faved.

as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if this a& had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandiirg.

IV.	And provided alfio, That nothing herein contained Nothing

(hail afFe&, or be conftrued to affed, the right, title, claim,	^deft

intereft, or eftate of any eldeft fon and heir of a popifh pa-	heir of

rent, who hath before the firft day of November, one thou- papift who hai (and feven hundred and feventy-cight, conformed himfelf to conformed be-the church of Ireland, as by law eftablifhed, or of any per-	ov'

fon deriving by, from, or under fiich eldeft fon and heir of

fuch popifh parent; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And be it enabled by fhe authority aforefaid. That Popifh eecle-no popifh ecclefiaftick, who hath neretofore taken and fub-

ferihed, or who (hall hereafter take and fubferibe, the oath oath by«3 & 14

of allegiance and declaration, preferibed by an a & pafTed in G. 3. c. 34.

the thirteenth apd fourteenth years * of his prefent Majefty’s

reign, intituled, dn aft to enable bis Majeflfs fubjeds of what-

everp'rjuafion, to tejlify their allegiance to him, in the manner

and form as herein after is particularly fpecified and fet forth,

and who fhall regifter his chriftian and fimamefc, place jn

abode, age, and parifh, if he have a parifh, and the time lbod<% &cmC’

and place of bis receiving bis firft, and every other popifh difeharged from

order®, ani^ h°,n whom he received them, with the regif- pcnaluc®, uc,

ter of the diocefe where his place of abode is (for every

which regiftry the fum of one (hilling and no more, fhall be

paid to the rcgiiicr) fhall, after the paffing of this a£l, be

fubjedt

Not td pre-



*

4 Anne a.

8 Anne 3.

No benefit* in thif ad to.

•extend to any regular popifli clergy not 10 this kingdom, at time of palling it, &c.

92	•	The twenty frjl and twenty fecond Tears of George III.

A.	D.'	fubjeH to any of the penalties, incapacities, or difabQitiet,

1781-2. mentioned in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Chap. 24* King William the third, intituled, An aft for banifhing all <——v—PapfL* exera/ing any ccelefajl'ical jurifdiftion, and regulars of 2 Anne 6 Sc 7. the pofijh clergy out of this kingdom ; or in an a61 made in the fecond year of Queen Ann, intituled. An aft for regiflering the popijh clergy; or in an act made in the fecond year of Queen Ann, intituled, An aft to prevent the further growth of popery ; or in an ad made in the fecond year of Queen ♦	Ann,	intituled.	An	aft	to	preventpopijh priefs from coming

into this kingdom; or in an ad made in the fourth year of Queen Ann, intituled, An aft to explain and amend an aft, iutituled. An aft for regijlering the popijh clergy ; or in an ad made in the eighth year of Queen Ann, intituled, An aft for explaining and amending an aft, intituled. An aft to prevent the further growth of popery.

VI.	Provided always. That no benefits in this ad con-

tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any regular of the popidi clergy, who (hall not be in this kingdom at the time of pading this ad, or to any regular of the faid clergy then in this kingdom, who (hall not have taken and fubfertbed the faid oath, and regiftered his names and additions, in form and manner as herein direded, fix months after the pading of this ad, nor to any popidi ecclefiaftick, who (hall not upon his change of place of abode, or of popidi orders or removal from the parifh which he had fo returned, and as often as it (hall fo happen, make a return of fuch change or removal within dx months after it (hall happen, to the then regifter of the diocefe where he had origi-nally rcgiftcred his names and additions as aforefaid; any thing contained in this ad to the contrary in any wife not-! with (landing.	.	#

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That enter"names and ad and every the regifters of the different diocefes through-additions in a out thjg kingdom, (hall enter the names and additions as

ctro aforefaid, of fuch popidi ecclefiafticks, in a feparate and diftind roll, to be by them kept in their refpedive offices, there to remain, and on every firft day of January in every year, (hall tranfmit copies of fuch returns, made in the preceding year, to the clerk of the privy council, upon pain of forfeiting to his Majefty, his heirs and fucctdors, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jcfly*s courts of record.

No benefits VIII. Provided always, That no benefits in this ad con-in this act to ex- tained (hall extend, or be conllrucd to extend, to any popifh tin'I to popiib ccclcfiadick who (hall officiate in any church or chapel with ecclefiaftick of- a ^cepje or bell, or at any funeral in any church or churchyard, or who lhall exercife any of the rites or ceremonies of

the

geglfter to

Nor to suit ooiih eccle£uf-

7k twenty-flrjl and twenty fccond Yean of George III,

the pepiflt religion, or wear the habits .of their order, fa\p within their ufual places of worihip, or in private i.outes, or who (hall ufe any fymbol or mark of eccleliailical dignity or authority, or aflume or take any eccldiaftical rank or title wbatfoever, but that all the pains and penalties which church or chapel now fubfift according to the laws now in being, (hall remain ^ in fa3 force agairtd fuch popifh ecclefiadick to oilending as * aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained Nor to any (hall be condrued to extend to any perfon or perforis who P*1 vci led from (hall be perverted from the protedant to the popilh religion,

hut that all the pains, penalties, and difabilitiea, which now religion, fubfift, according to the laws now in being, (hall remain in foil force againd fuch protedant fo perverted; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wiic oot-with (landing.

X.	Provided alfo, That no benefits in this a ft contained (hall be condoled to extend to any pqpifh ecclefiadick, who tick . ^

(hall procure, incite, or perfuade any protedant to become *c. prote/Uot a papift; but that all the pains and penalties which now to become p»-fabfift according to the laws now in being, (hall remain in F®*.

full force againd fuch popilh ecclcfiafticks lb offending as aforefaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

XL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That 8 Anne 3. f. fo much of an aft palled in the eighth year of Queen Ann, lf* repealed, intituled, Am aft for explaining and amending an aft, intitnled.

An aft to prevent the further growth of popery, as fubjefts any papifts to fine and imprifonment on his refufal to appear and teftify on oath before two judices of the peace, where and when he heard the popilh mafs celebrated as the lame is ufual in the church of Rome, and alfo the names of the per-	*

fons celebrating and prefent at it, and the refidence of any popifh ecclefiadick, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That 7 Will. 3. c. fo much of an aft pa(Ted in the feventh year of King Wil- $• f- »o- re-ham the third, intituled. An aft for the better fearing the Pcalcd* government by difarming papiflsy as fubjefts any papid, who (lull after the twentieth day of January one thoufand fix hundred and ninety fiye, have or keep in his poffeflion, or * in the pofleffion of any other perfon to his ufe or at his dif-pofal, any horfe, gelding, or mare, which (hall be of the value of five pounds or more, to the penalties therein mentioned; and alfo (o much of an aft patted in the eighth year of Queen Anje, intituled, An aft for explaining and amend-mg an afty intituled, An aft to prevent the further growth of pferyy as enables the lord lieutenant or other chief governors of this kingdom, to feize and fecure any horfe, mare, or

gelding

\

o G. s. c. 6. f. 5. repealed.

6 0. t.c 10. f. 5. repealed.

The twenty flrft and twenty fecond Ye art	George IIL

gelling belonging to, any papifl, or reputed papifl, upon any invafion likely to happen, or in cafe of intefiine war broke out, or likely to break out* (hall be, and is, and arc hereby repealed*

XIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of an a& pafied in the ninth year of King George the fecond, intituled. An a3 for continuing and amending federalJlatutes now nem* expiring, as enables the grand jury to prefent for the re-imburfing fuch perfons who have been robbed by privateers in time of war, for fuch lodes as they (hall refpc&ively fuftain thereby, and for applotting and levying the lame on the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, and chattels of all the popifh inhabitants of the county where fuch robbery (hall be committed, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of an a& palled in the fixth year of King George the (irft, entituled, Jn a& for the better re-ulating the pari/h watches, and amending the highways in this kingdom» and for preventing the mifapplication of publish money, as fuSje&s fuch papifl or papilla who (hall not provide a proteftant watchman t6 watch in their turn, to the penalties therein mentioned, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

XV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of an a& pafied in the fecond year of Queen Anne, intituled, An aEt to prevent the further growth of popery, as fubje&s any papiil or papifts, who (hall 01 may after the twenty-fourth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, take or purchafe any houfe or tenement, or come to dwell or inhabit within the city of Limerick or fuburbs thereof, or within the town of Galway or fuburbs thereof, to the penalties therein mentioned, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.

XVI.	Provided alfo, That no benefit herein contained herein to extend (hall extend, or be conllrucd to extend, to any perfon who to any perfbna ^ath not heretofore, or who (hall not hereafter before the

accruing of fuch benefit to fuch perfon or perfons, being of the age of twenty-one years, 'or who being under the age of twenty-one yean, (hall not within fix months aft r he or (he (hall attain the age of twenty one years, or being of unfound &cDashyTi& Blind, or in prifon, or beyond the feas, or under coverture* 14 G. 3. c. 34. then within fix months after fuch difa^ility removed, take, and fubferibe the oath of allegiance and declaration preferib* ed by an acl pafied in the thirteenth and .fourteenth year* of his prefent Majelly’s reign, intituled. An a8 to enable hie Majejly's fubjeSs of whatever perfuafion, t0 tejlify their al!e~ ► giance to him, in^fome one of his Majefty’s four court# in Dublin, or at the quarter feffiens of the pence'for the coun* ty of Dublin, or before any of the going judges of allize in

open

2 Ann, e. 6. f. 23. repealed.

No benefit

of the age of 21 yeart, 4gc. who (hall not in fix months take and fub-feribe the oath.

*

•gitized by

Google



^The tuoentyfirfl and Hventyfecond Tears of George III.

open court $ any thing hereih contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That the names of fuch perfons. as have taken and (ubferib-ed, or (hall hereafter take and fubferibe the faid oath of al- Names of all legiance and declaration, with their places of abode, and if laymen, with their quality, condition, titles, and places of oa abode, (hall be entered upon rolls for that purpofe, to be •appointed by the (aid refpe&ive courts, and that the faid rolls, once in every year, be tranfmitted to, and depofited in the rolls office of this'kingdom, to remain amongft the records, and that the proper officers of the (aid rolls office, officer of rolls four courts, quarter feffions, and the faid courts of aifize, office, Ac. to (hall grant certificates under their tjands, to all fuch perfons gr4nt cerufi-who have already taken and fubferibed, or (hall hereafter take and fubferibe, the faid oath of allegiance and decla- oath, Ac. ration, in which certificates the quality, condition, and ti- on payment of ties*, if laymen, and places of abode of all fuch perfons ,s-fhall be particularly fpecified, (for every of which certificates fo granted, the fum of two fhillings, and no more,

(hall be paid) which certificates (hall be allowed in all courts of law and equity throughout this kingdom, as evidence of fuch perfons having taken and fubferibed the faid oath of allegiance and declaration, as fully and effe&uafiy, to all intents and purpofes, as if the roll in which the lame was entered were produced ; and that if any perfon fhall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any fuch cer- „ tiheate, every fuch perfon being thereof convi&ed, (hall be deemed guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 for the , Relief of Protejjant Dijfcnters, in cerieam Matters therein contained.

WHEREAS the removing any doubts that may have arifen concerning the validity of matrimonial contra&s or marriages entered into between proteftant dif-fenters, and folemnized by proteftant diffenting minifters or teachers, will tend to the peace and tranquillity of many proteftant difienters and their families; therefore be it declared and ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and Umporal and commons in this prefent parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all matrimonial con-* tra&s or marriages heretofore entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, between proteftant difienters, and Solemnized or celebrated by proteftant difienting minifters or

I	teachers.

Marriages folemnized bo-tween proteftant difienters, and by a proteftant diffenrinr clergyman, (hall be good and valid.

#



A

*

A. D. 1781-2.

Nat ts extend 1o avoid acta made in the reigns of G 1 & «. againft clandeftine marriages.

All perfent reputed protectants, who receive the fa-crament, fub-feribe the declaration, Ac*

The twm/yfrfi and tivcntj-fccond Tears of George III.

teachers* (hall be, and (hall be held and taken to be good and valid to all Intents and purpofes wha&foever; and that all parties to fitch marriages, and all perfons deriving under them, fhaU, in virtue of luck marriages be, and* be deemed, adjudged, and taken as intitled to all rights and benefits whatfoever, from, under, or in consequence of Such marriages in like manner as all his Majefty’s fubje&s of the efiablifhed church, and as if the Same had been Solemnized by a clergyman of the church of Ireland by law efiablifhed; afty law, iiatute, cufiom, matter, or thing to the contrary thereof in any wife aotwithfianding.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, (hall extend to, or make void, or be conftrued in any ways contrary to the Several a&s made in the reigns of their late Majefties George the firfi, and George the Second, for preventing clandefUne and other marriages therein Specified, but that the Said ads (hall be, and (hall be deemed and takes to be in full force and efied as if this prefent ad had not paffed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof m any wife notwithflanding.

CHAP. XiVi.

An AQ for the rendering the Manner of Conforming from tbi Pepi/h to the Proiejlant Religion, more eafy and expeditious.

WHEREAS the manner of conforming from the po-pifh to the protefiant religion, according to the lawa now in force in this kingdom, is attended with confiderable delay and difficulty: and whereas it will tend to promote the interefts of the protefiant religion, if the mode of conforming thereto, (hall be rendered more eafy and expeditious: be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firfi day of June, which (hall be in this prefent year of our Lord one thoufand Seven hundred and eighty-two, any per-fon who is or (hall be defirous of conforming from the po~ pifh to the protefiant religion, (hall be deemed, taken, and reputed to be a protefiant of the church of Ireland, as by law efiablifhed, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, if he or (he (hall, on any Sunday in the year, in the time of divine Service, take and teceive from the hands of the minifier or curate of ai\y parifh in this kingdom, the facrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the order and ufage of the Church of Ireland, as by law eftablifhed ; and (hall, before * Such minifier or curate, in the houfe of Such minifier or curate, or at any other convenient place, make and fubferibe

the .

m

digitized by C*jQO* •	»

4	a	V	>IL.	^	.

fTbe tvtienfpfirfl and twenty fecond Tears of George III.	97

the declaration, puriuant to ao a&» intituled, /n aff to prt*	A. D.

vent the farther growth of popery» and {hall alio take the oaths	1781-2*

of allegiance, fupremacy, and abjuration; which laid dr- < J tdlaratzon, and oaths, every fuch mini fir r and curate is hereby authorized and required to receive and achniniiler refpcc* jwhich mi*-tively ; and (hall file in the high court of Chancery, a certi-ficate under the hand ainLfeal of fuch minifter or curate, of r;w;ar\ his or her having performed the faid feveral requifites; and file s cer-which faid certificate, every fuch minifier and curate is tificaie in Chao* hereby authorized and required to grant, without fee or re- cery* ward ; and fofr the filing of which certificate, no greater fee lhall be taken than fix pence.

II.	Provided always, That every fuch certificate fball be finch eertUU to filed as aforefaid, within fix months after every perfon fo cate to be filed conforming Khali have taken and received the iacrament of within 6»onth# the Lord's fupper as aforefaid, or if the perfon fo conform-

mg, fhafl be under the age of eighteen years, then within *

&S months next after bis or her attaining that age; any thing in any former aft to the contrary thereof in any wife feotwithitandingv

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Every mJnif-

*Phat every fuch minifter and curate as aforefaid, (hall keep	**	kceP

roll of parchment, containing the faid declaration and 1 vJSJdB-oath, from which roll faid declaration (hall be read, and faid clam^o,* St. oaths adminiftered; and being fo adminiftered and read, the perfon io conforming (kail fign the fame refpectively.

CHAP, XXVli.

din APt fo entitle the Governors of ting of the Schools founded In this Kingdom. to maht long Leafes of fuch Lands ns have teen granted for the Support qf the find Schools, and are fituati in Counties of Cities^ and Couhtiei of Towns*

HE REAS it would increafe the fundi provided for Altered and VV the fupport of fevearfil of the fchools founded in tended by this kingdom, if the governors of the find fchools were w *c* enabled to make building leafes, in the manner, and fubjefl to the proviToes herein after mentioned, of a competent part Of fuch lands as have been granted /or the fupport of the find fchools, and are foliate in counties of cities, and counties of towns: And whereas fuch leafes would tend to the advantage and improvement of the faid titles and towns ; be it efta&ed by the King’s mok excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of thq. lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prelent Parliament aflembkd, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be governors map lawful to and for the faid refpe&fvc governors to make leaf* fo* 4s leaks of any part of the laid lands fo iituate m gforrfaid,

Vol. VXL	G	for

Digitized by*

The twenty fir d and twenty fecond Tears of George III.

for any term not exceeding forty-one years; any law o» ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftand-fng. •

LI. Provided always, That in every fuch leafe there (hall be contained a covenant on; the part of the tenant* to lay out a certain fum of money in building on the laid* demifed premifles, or on fome part of the fame.

, III. And be it ena&edby the Authority aforefaid, That mw.j s	it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid governors to

" renew the faidie^fes from time to time, takingfinps for fuch renewals, .which fines (ball be applied to the credit of the funds of the faid fchools.	.

Not to exceed IV. Provided always That the leafe fo renewed, (hall 41 year*. * not exceed the term of forty-one years.	*

Nfvdfcmifc V. Provided further, and be it eua&ed by the authority to cr^itnni more, aforefaid, That the lands to.be fevcrally demifed by any of |h4u 20 acres, the fakl refpe&ive governors from time to time, by virtue of this ad, (hall not icon tain, in the whole more than the quantity of twenty acres plantation, meafure.

Primate, kc. VI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority to fijfiiiiy their aforefaid, That the primate of -Ireland, the lord chancellor, cpnfcmtoon- thc archbi(hops of Dublin, Cafhcl, and Twain, the lord g aa t e. chjcf jullfce of the court of KingVbench, the.*lord chief judice of the Common Pleas, the lord chief baron of the Exchequer, ail for the time being, op any three of them, (hall' by .writing under their hands and* feala fignify their confent, or the confent of any three of them, to the making any fuch original leafe, previous to the execution thereof, other wife the fame to be null and void to all intents and purpoles whatfoever.

CHAP. XXVIII.

• -/ . \

/H AB to amend the Laws for the ereBing and regulating v Tree Schools.

With covenant 40 -build.

A « J

AfthbilKop

with roufent of patron and lthoolmaftcr, Ac. may change lcite of fuch fchool within their diucefe.

VI / HERE AS certain lots of ground have been fet apart W and appropriated-in federal diocefes for free fchools, in purfuance of>the Jaws made in t^is kingdom for the eieding and regulating <*f free fchools, upon w hich fchool-houfes have been erected, fome of which are Inconveniently fituated, ond have been fuftered to go to decay : and where-a$ fome o£ the lots of ground Jo appropriated are not. large enough for the accommodation of fuch fchools, and are fo confined by neighbouring buildings, as to render the air unwholesome; and whereas welbdtfpofed perfons .may be -willing to give more convenient and larger lots of ground for ereding fuch fchool-boufes upon, w ithout defiling any rent for the ferae: -and .whereas the ground x>n* whurh fuch ^4	^	fohgoj-

* •

-Digitized by Google

Yblwenty-firfl and twenty fecond Years of George III.

fchool-houfes at prefent (land, may be denaifed at confidera-ble rents, which mdy be aipplied to incr'eafe the falariesof the mailers of fuch fchools; be it enabled by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coufent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fetae, That it lball and may be lawful for any archbilhop, by and with the approbation and confent of the patron and fcbool-mafter, and for any bittmp* by and . with the confent and approbation of the archbilhop of the province, and of the patron and fchool-mafter, to change the feite of any fuch fchool-houfc to a more convenient place within their refpe&ive diocefe.

II.	Provided always, That fuch archbilhop or bilhop /hall, previous to fuch change, procure a conveyance, grant conveyance^ Ac, or demife for a term, not ltfs than nine hundred and ninety*

nine years, to himfelf and his fuccefTors, of the ground to which fuch fcboohhoufe /hall be removed, at the rent of one pepper-corn* in trull for the erecting of fuch fchool.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Grand juries it lhall and may be lawful to and foo* the grand jury of each may prclcnt rounty, and county of a city, or county of a town within [um* for build* fuch diocefe, from time to time to prefent fuch fum or funi3 in£» *c

of moneyas they lhall find rcafonable, for building and repairing fuch fchool-houfe and offices, and for providing proper accommodations for the fame ; which fum and fums fo 1 prefented, the prefentmeut bping confirmed by the court,

(ball be levied in the manner dire<5ed by the a&s made in this kingdom for the more tflcdfcual credling And better regulating of free fchools*

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That; Archbilhop, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch archbilhop or *c- maY demift bilhop, and their refpe&ive fuccefTors, by and With the con- htufes^&c fent of the refpe&ive fchool-rhafters, from time to time, tOfor^/yea^ demife fuch old fchool-houfes, and the ground belonging to for augmenta-the fame, for any term not exceeding forty-one years, at the tion o?fcheol-beft and ihoft improved rent which can be had for the fame, ma*cr8fa“rT* to be referved to the faid archbilhop or bilhop, and their

refpe&ive fucccffors, in trull for the matters of fuch fchools rcfptlively for the time being, as an augmentation of their r^pedlive lalaries*

09

A, D.

I7&I-2.

Chap. 28.

ProcuriiiBr a

c *

C H A P.

Digitized by v^ooQle

To 24 June, *794, &c.

1. c. 42.

f. 2

Bread hi.osv pDblio to be made according to 4 Hire ft ruck by lord mayor, and meal and flour Add at lame price as in city oF lHblin,

no perftwi to mnkc for fale any bread, but white and hofrfhoM.

fJofticof baker amt quality of bread to be marked on each loaf.

The twenty-firjl and twentyfecond Tears of George ITT-CHAP. XXIX.

An A8 for amending, altering, and continuing an ASy intituled, An AS for regulating the Price and Affine of Bread* and.preventing Frauds and Imbofttions in the Sale of Floor and other Articles fold by Weight or M afore in the County of Dublin.

WHEREAS feveral doubts have arifes in regard to the regulating of the affizc and price of bread, andi as little or no obfervance has been made in many places of the proper weights and mcafures, and 31-difpofed perfons taking advantage thereof, have fraudulently impofed upon, deceived, and oppreffed his Majcfty’s fubje&s, and mote cfpecially the poorer fort, and that a plain and conftanf rule and method may henceforward be duly obferred and kept in the making and affixing of the feveral forts of bread, made or expofed to fale in the county of Dublin 5 be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the’ authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord oue thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, all bread made, or expofed to fale, in the county of Dublin, (ball be made according to the manner and alike of bread (truck by the lord m?yor of the City of Dublin, for the city of Dublin, and that all meal and flour fold in the faid county, (hall be fold fubjedt to the fame regulations and price as fettled by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, for the faid city \ and that no perfon whatever (Hall make for fale, or fell, or expofe to fale any fort t)f bread, other than the feveral forts of bread herein after mentioned, that is to fay, white and houfhold, all which faid feveral forts of bread (hall be made in their feveral and refpe&ive degrees acce ding to the goodnefs of the feveral forts of grain whereof the fame ought to be made, and the affize and weight of the faid white and houfhold bread made of wheat (hall be according to the weekly price and aflize appointed by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin for the faid city.	*

II.	And to the intent that the good deflgn of this a& may be effectually complied with, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every common baker, and every perfon who (hall mal^e or bake bread for fale, or any wife expofe to fale, any fort of bread whatfoever, in the faid county of, Dublin, (hall from and after the twenty-fifth of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, fairly imprint or mark, or caufe to be fairly imprinted or marked on every 3	loaf

Tit twnty-jirfl and twentpfecond Tears §f George III.

loaf of bread fo by him or her made, fold, or expofed to fale, the quality and name of the baker of fuch loaf, according to the rules and aflize as dire&cd to be obferved in the city of Dublin, by the lord mayor of the faid city; and if any baker,; ot other perfon or perfons baking or making	loaf

1>reid for fale^ or expofing bread to fale, (hall bake, make,	m

felb or expofe to (ale, any bread which (hall be deficient in * * weight, according to the afiize of bread to be fet purfuant to the dire&ions of this a&, or fuch other rules and orders as (hall be from time to time made as aforefaid, her (he, or they fo offending, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall forfeit $•. forfeit the fum of five (hillings ; and for not being marked as aforefaid, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence for each jf noJ loaf, fuch 'bread being complained of, and weighed before a magiftrate, or ju(lice or juflices of the peace, or any fenef- each leaf, chal within their rcfpe£Uve jurifdi&ions, within forty-eight hours after the fame (hall be baked, or expofed to fale within the county of Dublin; all which penalties (hall be recovered upon convi&ion of the party, by confefiion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any ma-giftrate, juftice of the peace of the county of Dublin, or before any of the fenefchals in their relpc&ive jurifdi&ions within the (aid county, to be levied by way of di ft refs upon the goods and chattels of every fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch magiftrate, juftice of the peace, or fenefchal, before whom fuch convidtion (hall be made, returning the overplus.

III.	Provided always. That if any perfon fo convi&ed, Perfons con*

{hall think him or herfelf aggrieved, he or (he (hall and may	may

make his or her appeal m writing to the next general

quarter feffions of the peace held for faid county, where herein, the fame (hall be heard m a fummary manner, and finally determined; and if the perfon fo appealing, (hall not m^ke good fuch his or her appeal, or profecute it with deft, -ghe faid court of fefiions mall award fuch cofts as they (hall think proper and reasonable, not exceeding the fum of five pounds, and commit the offenders to the common gaol of the county, until hie or (he (hall make payment of (aid cofts, and alfo of the penalty adjudged on the faid con-

viaion.

IV.	And be it further enaaed by the authority afore- Mixta* grains,, laid. That if any baker, or feller of bread, (hall put into P"**! js. any' bread by him fold, or expofed to fale, any mixture of

any other grain than what (hall be appointed by the affize

fettled as aforefaid, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall,

far everj fucb offence, forfeit the fum of five (hillings to

be bad and recovered in manner and form before mentioned; moeiftr*te,acc*

and if any magiftrate, jpftice of the peace, or fenefchal,

iball, on due Wformation, made to him or them, of any n^°£en»].

'	' offences ties, forfeit 5t

\

Digitized by v^»ooQle

A. D.

1781-2. Ch:p. 2g.

Magistrates, tec. may enter, fearckv&c. Slop out-houfe, Sec. of all bake re,-and fellers of bread, as herein

and perfon* oppofing or ob-ftrufting fuch Search, forfeit 4°**

All weights and measures ufed in the fale of bread, iHour, Ac. and beer and ale, tec. to he regulated by itandard, kc.

The twenty firJ and twenty fecond Yean of George lit*

offences committed againft this aft, wilful!/ and willingly omit the performance of his duty.thereupo^ in the execution of this aft, or negleft to pay the penalties or forfeitures, when levied, to the treafurfr of the infirmary of the county of Dublin, he (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds fterliog, to be recovered by civil bill before the chairman and justices at the general quarter-feffions held in and for the county of Dublin.

V.	And that the good intent and defign of this aft, may be the more effectually aceomplifhed, be it further ena&ed

» by tfie authority afprefaid, That h fhaH and may be lawful for any magifhatc, juft ice of the peace, or fcncfckal, within their refpeftive jurisdictions, during the continuance , of this aft, tp enter in the day time into any honfe, fhop, flail, bake-houfe, ware houfe, or out-houfe, of or belonging to any baker, or feller of bread, there to fearch for, view, weigh, or try all or any of the bread of fuch perfon or pericns as (hall be there found ; and if any bread fhall be there found deficient, either in the goodnefs of the materials whereof the fame fhall be made, or be deficient in the dud baking or working thereof, or fhall be wanting in the due weight, or fhall not be truly marked according to the directions of this aft, or fhall be of any other fort than (hall be allowed by virtue of this aft, that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch magifyrate, juftice of the peace, or fenefchals as afore-faid, are hereby fcverally and refpeftiVely authorized and impowered to take and feize the fard bread fo found, and caufe the fame to be forthwith given and diftributed to the poor of the parifh where fuch leisure fhall be made, or to the debtors confined in tjie county gaol, at their diferetion ; and if any baker, or feller of bread, or other perfon or perfons, fhall not permit, or fuffer fuch fearch or feizure to be made, or fhaH oppofe, hinder, or relift the fame, he, fhe, or they fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of forty fhillings; to be recovered and had in the fummary mariner and form herein before mentioned, for punifhing bakers in not pbferving the weight of their bread.	'

VI.	And whereas frauds and impofitions have been committed in the fale of bread, flour, meal* butcher's meat, hay, draw, and other articles nfually fold by weight, and in the fale of beer, ale, ?nd other articles ufually fold by meafure; be it' enafted by the authority aftbrefaid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March which fhall be hv the year of our Lord one thoufand fevert hundred fend eighty two, That all weights and meafures ufed in th^ fale of fuch articles in the county of Dublin, fhall be regulated according to the ftandard weights and meafures ufed in the city of Dublin, and fhall be* fealed and maiked by

the

Ybe twnty-frj! andtoventy-fccond Tears of George Ilf. •	103

the perfon appointed to feal or'mark fuch weights and mea.- A. D. fares tft the city of Dublin, at the cxpence of the owners 1781-2. of fuch weights and meafures.	^	*	Chap. 29.

VII.	And to thevfurther intent that the good defign of •*-------

this act may" be effectually comping with ; be it, enabled by Ufing weight*

the authority aforefaid, That^ from and after the twenty or nJcajurt» ,ln*

fifth day of March which (hall be in the year of our' Lord jjcient, forfeit!

one ^thoufand feven hundred and eighty tW9, any perfon or ed. and as. 6d.

perfons, tiling weights or meafures in the* falc of %fuch arti-;fo*

cles in the county of Dublin, that are not fealed or marked

as aforementioned,' lhall forfeit the fum of two (hillings and

fix pence for each and every fuch weight and meafure,’ an<f

the like fum for each and every fuch weight and meafure

as are deficient in the ftandard, as’before mentiorted; and

fuch weights and meafures (hall be forfeited to the ufe of|

his Majefty; and in cafe of non-paymept of the faid pe-' on non-pay*

nalty, fuch perfon or perfons owning, or ufing fuch weights ment, commit*

or meafures, (hall be committed 16 the common gaol of the *^4$ hpurv

(aid county, there to remhin without bail' mainprize,

for Jhe fpace of forty eight hours, th£ faid penalties to be

had and recovered as the penalties in the ftrriier pArt 6f this*

a£t are dire&dd. v	^

VIII.	Abd be if further ena&eil by the authority aforfc-' Magiftrate, faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch Sec. may fum* magiftrkte, jUftice of the peace, or fenefchaP, by £ fummpns "I00

in writing under hir hand, to require any perfoif btiying,	•	*

exchanging, or felling any goods, wares, or rrferchandizes *

by weight or by meafure £ and all perfons of the age of. *	A	r

eighteen years or upwards,^ employed'm weighing or 'mea-*

faring fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes,' to appear before

fuch-rrtagiftrate, juftice of the* peabe, Or fenefchal, at the

(hop, warehoufe,* or other place where flich goods, Wares, ‘

or merchandizes are irfualfy Weighed or meafured‘for fale	"

or exchange at fuch time between thi hours of'nine of the J	\	*	.

clock and two of the clock on duch d^v, as in'fuch .fam- ^	•

mons fhall be mentioned, and tRcn and thirefa produce to.%	.; *

fach magiilratfc, juftice of the peace, or fenefchal, upon

oath, Which oath* fuch magiftrate, juftice, or' fehefchal is 1

hereby impo wet ed to adminifter, every beam, fcales^ Weight, \

and meafure, in the cuftody or power of fuch perfon, or

ufed, or in' ufe by or for him, or her, for weighing or ,.

meafuring of * goods,' wares, or merchandizes for fale or'	.

exchange, to be viewed, regulated, or fealed according to *

law * and if the perfon fo required to attend, (hall have been

ferved with fuch fummons by delivering the fame to fuck

perfon, or leaving the fame at his or her ufual place of

abode, with the hufband, wife, child, or fervant of fuch

■perfon aged upwards of fixteen years, for the fpace of

twenty four hour* before the time thereby appointed for

fuch

r

to*

7he twenty•Jtr^ and twenty-JecMi T**r* rf George III.

Md if found guilty, committed until t of a

«« V**

fuch attendance) every fuch perfoa negiefting to attend,, ev refilling fo to be examined), or to make fuch produ&ion as aforefeid, may be by warrant of fuch raagiftrate, juft ice of the peace, or fenefchals, apprehended and committed tp the common gaol of the faid county, unlefa the offender 'with two fufficient fecurities, be bound to appear at the next

Serai feffions of the peace for the faid county, at which ont the juftices of the peace (hall) in open court, in a fummary manner examine the matters gforefeid, and if it (hall appear to them that fuch fnmmons Was duly ferved aa afbrefaid, and that fuch offender wilfully ocglcded to appear, or tp make fuch produ&ion, or to be fo examined, fuch juftices may commit fuch offender to the common gaol of ^he faid county, until he or (he (hall pay down to the juf-*ices fpeh fum of money, not e*ceedn*g forty (hillings, as the (aid juftices (hall require.

Clerk of peace	And &r better ohfervanoe of this ad, be it

or deputy to ena&td by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the read this a& ftrft twenty fifth day of March which (ball he in the year of ^*7 °*,c3Jrjr our Lord one thoufend (even hundred and eighty two, the dark of the peace for the county of Dublin, or ip his abfence his deputy, (hall read this ad in open court on the firft day of every general quarter feffions that (hall Jbc held in and for the fa rdf county; and in cafe of failure thereof, nr forfeit 40*. the (aid clerk* of the peace (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, tp he fqed for and recovered as. the other penal-ties herein before mentioned. .

All penalties	X. (iAnd bc .it farther enaAed by the authority aforefaid,

Ilcreby, applied That i£L the penalties herein mentioned, (hall go t<S and be t® ®fe 5°* paid tp the treafurer-of the county of Dublin hofpital, for •	the	life of {fee hofpjt^l; and that the treafurer ^hereof (half

kepp^foir ar\4 diflind accpuut of the feme.

Xl Provided always, That no perfon, puni%d by .virtue of. this a&, (lull he, for the fame offence, prpfeculcd on any other, hw^ ftatute, ufege, or cuftom whatfoever.

ill. ^nd it further Cnaded by the authority afore-faid. That in cafe any perion or perfqns (hall be fued, or otherwife impeached for any thing he (hall do in execution of this a£L the defendant may plead the general iflue, and give the Ipepiai matter in evidence, and if a verdid (hall pafe for the defendant, qr ^he plaintiff be nonfuited, or judgment (fydl pafe for tlte defendant in fuch fuit, foch defendant (hall recover treble cofts.

_ XIII. Provided always. That this zjSt (hall be and con* *5 Mirchi 17$^ tinue in force for four years, from the twenty-fifth day of and^cnfouiy fcf-	onc thoufand ieven hundred and eighty two and

uQtil the end of the next feffion of Parliament after the feid iPVyeare................................

piuL

Ferfinurm-oHhsdby this net, opt lubjcct to ocher penalties.

Perfqns fqed for excepting this act, may - plead gactal

Continued tp

£H A fS

The	twenty,-JirJl mi	tweuty-fievaJ Tc*ntfGexx&IIL

CHAP, XXX. ‘

jin AS to remove certain Qeubtt which have heen amefatf,

concerning the ConftntSfon of three fever A AOs of ParBa-meat faffed in tbit Kingdom in the Reign of his Orefent Mss* jefty, for granting Annuities to fuch Perfons as Jhoald vohmr tarily fuhfcrUe the Sums therein rcfpcSivelj mentioned,

WHEREAS a doubt ha* been conceived, whether * Nominee dp.

fubferiber, whofc nominee die# on any intermediate “J8 before **T day between the days appointed by the faid a6h refp for payment of the (aid annuities, is mtitled to receive a her to receive proportionable intcreft for fuch number of days as his nomi- only to Uft day pec lives, after the laft day of payment, previous to the death of fuch nominee; be it declared and ena&ed by King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and * confent of the lords fpiruoal and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo often as the nominee of fuch fubferiber ftudl happen to die op any intermediate day, between the days appointed by the faid ac^s refpe&ively for payment of the faid annuities, fuch fubferiber (hall receive no more than the arrears of his annuity which (hall be due on the day of payment previous to ttye death of fuch nominee; and fuch part of the faid annuity as (hall accrue during the life of fuch nominee, fubfequent to the day of payment previous to his death, (hall go to the fubferibers or fubferiber of the furviving nominees or nominee.

ll.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Not to avoid avoid any ad already done under the faid ads.	“T ‘hing here*

III.	And whereas 3 doubt has been conceived, whether ^vJbwewsr a diilribution of any funis accruing by furvivorfbip, ought fufficient a divi-to be made amongft the fubferibers, whofe nominees furvivc, dead of half per when there appears to be a fum fufficient to make a divu®*0*- ***?****. dend of half fee uni, unlefj by the number of deaths one JJlSfcHL half per ant. can be annually diltriQuted, be it declared and annual di&riba* traded by the authority aforefaid, That fo often as it (ball uoo. appear, that the fums accruing by furvivorihip, (hall be fufficient to make a dividend ofhalf per cent, a diilribution (hall be made among!! the fubferibers of the furviving no* minces, though there may not be fufficient to make an annual diilribution of half per ant,

IV.	Whereas, Jofeph Garnault, proprietor of a. (hare of Jofeph Gir* poe hundred pounds in the life annuities granted feffion one niult't annuity tboutand feven. hundred and feventy five, having been in P*54 ** Ihe.Eaft Indies, and having fent over the proper affidavit,*^ pro^n°* pcqqired bjf the laid ads »the General Barker Eaft India,

10$

A. D. 1781-1*

+

Digitized by

Google

io6

A. D-

1781-2.

The twentyfirfi and twenty-fecond Yean of George III.

fhip that vra^ wrecked, by which % fatality his {aid annuity* was not demanded within the time preferibed by faid a& ; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the claim of faid Jofeph Garuault iofaid annuity be received and paid in like manner as other proprietors ; any thing contained in faid a&s to the contrary notwithstanding. .

C H A P. XXXI.

An AS to enable the Clergy to ifftie Procefs or Execution for * Debts due for Tythes or Dues under Jive Pounds.

19 and 20G. XX7HEREAS by an a&* made in this kingdom, inti:

3 c. 38. not	• tilled. An ad to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrejh\

1 nK^s tor0	an{^f°r ot^sr Purp°fes* 11 ls among other things enabled, That '

tythes, &.C. no PeTf°n fhall be arrefted or imprifoned by vjrtue of, or upon any execution, or other procefs ifluing out of any fu-perior or inferior court of record, or other inferior’court whatsoever in this kingdom, where the caufe of a&ion fhould not amount to five pounds, or upwards, dr held to fpecial bail for the fame upon any procefs whatfoever: and '	"whereas	the faid claufe has been found inconvenient to' the

clergy of this kingdom in the recovery of their juft rights^ which fhould be at all times favoured and protected ; be it enafledbythe King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpihtual and temporal, dnd commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled* and by the authority of the' fame, That hothing in the faid recited claufe contained, fhall extend to any execution or procefs,' which fhall hereafter iffue in the recovery of any tythes or dues due or owing to any of the clergy of this kingdom, 01*

• on any Tecurities pafled for fuch tythes or dues due or owing .. to any of the faid clergy ; any thing in the faid recited claufe, or in jtny law or ftatute to the contrary thereof ia any wife notwithstanding.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An AS to regulate the Qualification of Perfons appointed to Officer in this Kingdom, wherein two or more Grantees a3 under one Granty Commiffion, or Appointment.	-

‘ :	•	'	■	•	*	~	-	’■	*'	a

TT^HEREAS the execution of certain offices in this-* ^ * kingdom, is and hath been* committed fo two or more perfons, by and under one ghint, commiffion, or ap^ pointment: and whereas a doubt hath arifen, whether upon the death or removal of any of the perfons appointed to fuch 1 office or offices, and the granting a new patent,' commiffiboi *

or

*

The twenty firjl and twenty fecond Years of George lit.	107

Or appointment to the fuccefTor or fucceflors of fuclf perfon A. D. or perfofrs fo dying, or being removed, all and eVerJr the’ ‘ 1781-2. perfon ar*d perfons re-appointed to, and continuing in fuch office or offices, is or are bylaw obliged, under ever/fubfe-quent grant, commiffion, or appointment, again to take the oath of office, and to perform again the requifites of qnali-fication for faid office Or offices, although fuch perfon or perfons fo re-appointed, had or fhall have before taken faid oath of office, and performed fuch requifites of qualification for the fame : and whereas the publick fervice may be much retarded, and the perfon or perfons re-appoirited to fuch office or offices put to great inconvenience by the delay and expence which fuch a practice would occafion ; be it declared and ena&ed by the Kingfs moft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiiitual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in all cafes, where Where perfon* two or more perfons have been, or fhall be appointed to any office in this kingdom, under your Majefly, your heirs or any named fucceflors, in and by one patent commiffion, or other appoint- in one parent men! ; and that the perfons fo appointed had, or (hall have ^ comndffion once taken the oath of office, and performed theothcr re- p^ntC(i quiiites prescribed by law to qualify them Selves for executing aired not again the feme ; and that any perfon or perfons named in One pa- qualify, tent .commiffion or appointment, fhall be re-appointed, and continue without intermiffion, in any new or fubfequent gTant, commiffion, or other appointment, for executing laid office, it fhall not be neceflary for any fuch perfon or perfons' fo re-appointed and continued, or to be re-appointed and con* tinued, without intermiffion, in fuch office or offices, again to take fuch oath of office or perform the other requifites' prescribed by law to qualify fuch perfon or perfons fo re-ippointed to execute the fame; any law to the contrary not-withllanding.

CHAP. XXXIV.

jin A8 for the Relief of Sheriffs from whom Prifoners^in Execution for Debt Jhall be refeued in their Removal hi Virtue of Writs of Habeas Corpus, in fuch Cafts where the faid Sheriffs Jhall appear Jo have been guilty of no Negleh ar Default.	'	*'

^TfT'HpREAS prifoners in execution for debt,’ have fre- ^ G ▼ * quently been refcued in their removal Under writs of 45. £ 10. habeas corpus^ without any neglfcdt or default in the fheriff or ftieriffs, or in the perfons having the charge of fuch prifo-ners: and whereas in feveral of the faid in fiances there has reafon to apprehfcnd that fuch refeues hare been made

at

Where pri-foticrs «»n removal by habeas corpus, refeued, and ad ion brought againil ther in, jury may find for defendant, but without coils.

Burthen of poof on defendant.

Not to extend to removal trom city or co', gaol of Dublin, See.

Creditor may iffue new execution, tec.

Continuance to i June 178a, Src

The tevaityfirjl and ttoentyfeeond Tears of George IIL

at the inftance of the prifooers in whofe behalf the (aid writl have iffued: and whereat it is not juft that the (heriffs (houM be anfwcrablc for the debts owing by fuch prifoners, where the (aid (heriffs have not been culpable: be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the Authority of the fame. That in all cafes where any pnfoner in execution for debt, (hall be refeued on his removal by virtue of any writ of habeas corpus, and any ad ion (hall be brought for or on account of the efcape of fuch prifoner, and it (ball be proved on the trial of any iffue in fuch aftion, to thefatis-faftion of the jury, that fuch refeue was without any ncgleft or default in the (heriff or (heriffs, or in the oerfon having charge of fuch prifoner, that in every fuch cafe, it (ball and may be lawful. to and for the faid jury, if they (hall think proper, to find a verdict for the defendant in fuch aft ion, but without coils.	v

II.	Provided always. That the burthen of proof (hall in every fuch cafe, lie upon the defendant.

III.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, (hall extend to any perfon in his removal from any gaol in the city of Dublin, or in the county of Dublin, nor to any refeue .within the bailiwick of any (heriff or (heriffs haring the cuftody of fuch prifoner.

IV.	Provided further, and be it declared and enafted by the authority aforefaief. That any creditor may iffue any new cxecutiou, writ, or procefs, againft any prifoner fo efcaping as afarefaid.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority afbrefaid. That this aft (hall continue in force for two years from the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XXXV.

4in dd fir prohibiting the Ufe of Lime in Bleaching, regulating ^	Seal Mafters of Linens, encouraging the Horn- Manufacture

of *Jbcs fir Bleachers Ufe, enlarging and rendering more commodious the Linen-Hall in the City of Dublin, and fiber Purpcfes therein mentioned.

Amended 34 XXTIJEREAS lime, when improperly applied in bleach* 6 3-	17*	7	*	ing, is apt to caufe rottennefs in linen, and the ufe

of. it therefore may occafion great prejudice and diferedit to the linen manufafture: be it enacted by the King’s mod ex* cdlcnt Majefly, by and with the advice And content of the lords fpiritual ana temporal* and commons in this prefent

PatUamcut

Digitized by v^ooQle

The tweatyfirfl and tmntjfecond Tears of George TIL

1C9

Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. A. D. * That from and after the palling of this aft, no perfon or per- 1781-2. font (hall make ufe of lime in the whitening or bleaching any Chap. 3 j. hnen cloth or lined yam, npon pain of forfeiting to the in-former the fum of twenty {hillings for every hanx of yam.	Lime not tp

and of ten pounds for every piece of cloth, in the bleacl 'ng	iu

or whitening whereof any lime (hall be ufed, and alfo the d[r%cn^tieT" doth or yarn fo whitened or bleached with lime, or the value hereiM. thereof as hereafter mentioned, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding; and in cafe the linen cloth or linen yarn fo whitened or bleached contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, (hall be withdrawn or concealed, or (hall not be found* that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the truftees of the linen and hempen manufaftures, or for any juftice of the peace, or magiftrate of any town or city wnthin hisrefpeft* ‘

nefles, into the value of fuch cloth or yam, and to fet a further fine upon the offender, equal m value to fuch linen cloth or linen yam, to be paid to the informer; and that it {hall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the faid truftces, or any magiftrate or juftice of the peace, by writing under his or their hand or hands, to fummon the lervant of any bleacher, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, to appear before him or them, and upon his or their appearance, to examine him or them upon oath, what fuch fer-*ant, perfon or perfons knew of his or their mafter, or of any other perfon ufing lime in the bleaching of linen cloth or linen yarn ; and in cafe fuch fervant, perfon or perfons, being fo ftftnrooned, (hall wilfully refufe to appear, purfuant to foch fummons, the faid truftees, magiftrate, or juftice,

(hall and may iffue his or their warrant to apprehend and bring before them or him fuch fervant, perfon or perfons ; and m cafe he or they refufe to be examined upon oath to the putpofe aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees, magiftrate or juftice to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correftion, there to be kept at hard labour for the fpace of thirty days, unlefg be or they do fooner fubmit to be examined as aforefaid: provided always, That fuch perfon as fhhll be fo examined, flail not be liable to any forfeiture or pUnifhment relating to the crime or offence which he (hall on fuch his examination difoover, by rcafon or in confequence of his having difeovered the fame.

IL And he it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons spit {hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, by writing appointed under the hand or hands of the perfon . or perfons herein before empowered to bear and determine the offence afordaid, or for any truftee of the linen raanu-

quirc, by the oath of one or more

fafture,

Digitized by

116

truftees, 6 c. may femrch for Kmc;

and if any found, pcrfons concerned, forfeit tel. each, unlefs for building;

not to extend to lime ufed in making afres, nor to printer or darner, &c.

From i Aug. 1782, all per-fons heretofore appointed feal-maftcrs or lap-pers, (hall ccafc to a& ;

perfon fealing after faid day with former feal, fubjcdl to penalties;

or expoiing linens, Arc. unlefs lo fealed, tofale, forfeit 5I. each piece.

The twentyfrji and twenty feconJ Yean of George H

fk&ure, or any officer, fervant, or infpe&or a&ing under the faid truftefes, to enter Into any bleach-yard, buck-houfe, or the appurtenances thereto belonging, ?it any hour of the day, and view and fcarch all places, rooms, keeves, and boilers therein, and view the leys, and the refufe and dreg* thereof; and in cafe any lime be found within fuch bleach-yard or buck-houfe, or that it appears that any lime has been mixed with fuch leys, that then, and in fuch cafe, the pofleffor of fuch bleach-yard, and all and every perfon and pcrfons working in the faid buck-houfe, unlefs he or they fhall prove upon oath, that fuch lime fo found was brought there, and intended to be ufed only for the purpofe of building, or repairing buildings thereon,, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds each, to be paid to the informer or informers : provided always, that nothing herein, or in any other aft contained, (hall induce any penalty or forfeiture op any perfon who fhall ufe afhesin the compofition or making whereof any lime may have been mixed, nor on any printer or (lainer who fhall ufe a ley of lime-water for preparing linen or yarn for being flained, printed, or dyed.

III.	And whereas it would tend much to the prevention of frauds, and the recovery of damages by parties injured, in cafe frauds fhould be committed, if the perfons intruded with feals, whether for white or brown linens, were to give fufficient fecurity for the due execution of their office; be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firil day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, all pcrfons heretofore appointed.by the faid truf-tecs to be leal-mailers or lappers, fhall ceafetobe feal-maflers or lappers, or to a6t as fuch; and that if any perfon what-foever, (hall, after faid day, ftal any piece'of brown or white linen, or hempen cloth, with any feal heretofore granted by the faid truftees, or ufed under their order or permiflion, or by tlie order or permiflion of any of their officers, every fuch perfon (hall be fubjeft to, and fuller all the penalties and forfeitures enabled againft any perfon who fiiall feal or '{lamp any linen, after notice from the faid truftees, that his feal or damp is ordered to be given up, or no longer ufed by him ; and every perfon who fhall after faid day expofe to faie, pack up, or enter for exportation, or buy, or agree t6 buy, any piece of linen or hempen cloth with fuch feal or (lamp only on it, or without being (lamped or fealed, as the faid truftees fhall order and appoint after the pafling of this a&, in cafes ^here the law requires the fame to be (lamped, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for even' fuch piece, unlefs it (hall appear to the fatisfadion of the faid trultees, that fuch linen' or hempen cloth was (lamped or fealed before the faid firft day of Auguft, one-thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, and v could not conveniently be (lamped or fealed ^ain, before it



The twentyfiifiand twenty feeottd Years of George Iff.	ill

was fo expofed to fale, bought, agreed to be bought, pocked A. D. up, or entered for exportation.	1781-2.

• IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no Cnap. 35. peribn who (hall be appointed by the (aid truftecs to be a v— leal-mafter or tapper* after the ^affirig of this'aft, (hall re- Pcfonsap. ccive any fcal or itatap. or ad as feal-mafter oV tapper, ‘ until'fciX^* he (hall have entered ntfco fecurity to the faid triillces, their fecretary, by bond and warrant of attorney, to emifefs intofuiuriti?*, judgment thereon, in fitch fum, as the fafd trullees, or^ny wkh 1 fuicties. . three or more of them, (hall appoint ; if* for a white fcal, not lefs than two hundred pounds, and if for a brown feal, not lefs than twenty^ pounds, and (hall likewife procure two (iifficxent petfons, \*ho (hall at the fame firhe enter into a like fecurity, by-bond and warrant joinriy and fcverally, in a fam of equal amount with that he is required to enter into; and all f&id perfons (hall at the foot of their bonds make affidavit refpeftively, each for hrmfelf, that he is really andfofta fide worth the fum for which he is bound in the faid bond, over Sind above all his juft debts, and exclufive of any property of which he is bare tenant for life; the condition, of every of which bond and bonds’(hall be, that fiicli perfon fo appointed fcal-mafter oY tapper,: (hall duly and diligently execute his office, and neither feal, (lamp, or lap, or fuffer the faid fcal or ftarhp to be put upon any linen which is not found, merchantable, and free from mildew, rottennefs, or any fraud or damage, except fuch holes, not exceeding three in each piece, as (hall be expofed to view,'and marked on the ootfide thereof, and that fuch perfon, his executors or ad-mmiftrators, (hall duly, and without delay, pay all fuch fines asihall be legally impofed on him’as a feal-mafter or lapper, from time to time, and in cafe of the death of one of his fureties, that he will, within one month after fuch death fhall have come to his knowledge, procure another fufficient perfon to enter into a like fecurity, with a like affidavit at the foot thereof,' and that he will forrender and give up the laid feal Or (lamp when thereunto required by the faid truf-tees,* or any five of more of them, and that he will not at any time lend, hire out, or fell the faid (lamp or feal, or fuffer the fame to be u fed by any perfon but liimfelf, or his known fervanr, at his ufual place of retidence.

V.	'Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority pcrfon t« aforefaid. That no fuch perfon (hall receive his feal or (lamp, a& until he has or aft as feal mafter or lapper, until he (hall take and fub- *akc.n thc feribetht oath following:	*•	lowmgoath,

I A. B. ef' ‘	•;	appointed	fo	the	office	of

feal mafier of brown linen, or fcal rhoffier and lapper of white linen, as ‘the cafe may be, do fwear, that I will truly,'ho-*fily> diligently, and to *the befi of my Jkill and judgment, ex->	ecute

gitiz«eH

brGeogle

112	Tie tweedyfrfl and twentfjceoad Tcart if George III.

A* D.	anrtr my jaid office* and will from time to time obey all lawful

1781-2*	eommmtdt ana dtrtSiciu given to me by the truficr1 of the linen

Chap. 35. and hempen mamfaQurt* touching my faid office* add that I will not htowmglyfeed or ft amp* or fuffer to be fended orJhn^ed with my feed* any linen that ii mildewed* rotten f unmerchant-able* or fraudulently made up* bleached or whitened* or flump or marl* or fuffer to be flumped or marled* any fatfe length or breadth thereon*

Seal mater of VI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority brown linen to aforeiaid, That every feal mailer of brown linen (hall refuk onjfeajr&cT^ within the parifh mentioned on his feal, and that one of the perfons who (hall fo enter into fecurity for him aa aforeiaid, (hall be refident within the fame pari lb, or in or within one mile of the next market town thereto, within the Jsune county*

SeaUmaftert VII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority andlappengiven aforeiaid, That every feal mailer and lappeF, who (hall be Wormlx^ak appointed after the pafling of this ad, (hall be fubjed to all and every the regulations and penalties, and hate the fame powers and authorities, as any feal mailer or lappet* appointed before the pailing of this ad would have or be fubjed unto, except where the fame is altered by or contrary to this ad/

Penalties may VIII. Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority be recovered a- ^forefaid, That in cafe any feal maAer or lapper ihaU refuic °r	to	W	any fine legally impofed on him, as a feal

** ,c’ mailer or lapper, the fame may be recovered by the fame ways, powers, and authorities, againil one or both of his fecuritics, as they might by law againil fuefa lapper or feal mailer; any thing herein contained to the- ceatraiy not-withftanding.

A lift of fealf- Iy* And be it enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That matter# and the faid truilees ihall caufc exad lifts of all feal mailers and tappers to be tappers, with the dates of their refpedive appointments, and

hall^of Lilbiiir* t^ie nanJC5 an,^ reiidence of their fecuritiea, to be h»ing up at all times in one or more confpicuous, places in the linen hall of Dublin, for the infpedion of every peripn ; and likewife ihall give to every infpedor, who (hall be appointed as herein after mentioned, a like lift, to be: by him carried to each market he ihall attend* and (hewn, without fee or

fealftnafters, reward, to every perfon there difiring to fee the fame; and Ac. muft name that for the more effcdually ferviug of fajdfcal mailers D^inwhSe or Uppers with notice as hereafter is mentioned in cafes of notices may be complaint, every feal mafter or lapper (ball, upon his ap-fcnred on him. pointment, give in writing the name of forae perfon refident in Dublin, at whofe houfe a notice or fummuns ferved* ihall be deemed good and fufficient fervice upon him.

But may	X.	Provided	always, That he may from time, to time

change the change bad appoint any other periods houfe than the one

firft

The iiventyfrjl dnjtiuenty-fcconJ Tears of George III.	IIJ

Syfl named, or thereafter named, fo as he’always keep* up A. D. an appointment of fome one houfe ip Dublin, where no* 173J-2. t^pes {hall fee ferved.	Cbop. 3£.

XI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no appointment made after the pafliug of this ad, of any five trtiftecs , feal mailer or lapper, fhall be valid, fo as to authorize fuch perfon to a& as fuch, unlefs it (hall he figned by five of the appoint?" faid truftees at the leail, nor unlcfs five truftees at the ledl, punt, 6*c,

(hall certify therein under their hands, their approbation c*f the fecuritiee given by and entered into for him, and nof. unlef* two truftees at the lead, lhall certify that he has ip their prefence,' taken and fubfefibed the oath required by this adl to be by him taken'.

XIJ. And whereas infpeftors are denned to be neceffary for the better prevention pf frauds in the fale of brown linens, whereby bleachers and drapers are often irr.pofed on, and a'great lofs occafiohed to them, or a manifeft inducement created for their further concealment of the fraud until the linen {hall be finifhed and fold, to the difcredi\ of the manufacture; be it enacted by the authority afore* faid, That it fhall and may be lawful for'the faid truftees, Twelve truff or any twelve or more of them affembled at the linen hall }ce* CtJ aVPolDt in the city of Dublin, to appoint annually one infpedior	An-

for each of the counties following, fc'dicetl Antrim, Ar- trim, Armagh^ magli, Derry, Donegal, Down, and Tyrone, and one in- w hersm. 'fpeSor for the three counties of Cavan, Fermanagh, and Monaghan, and one infpeelor for the counties qf I^owth and Meath, and county of the town of Drogheda, and one infpedqr for the counties of Sligo, Mayo, and Galway, in manner herein after mentioned, that is to fay, the faid truftees (hall publickly in every year, advertife and require the bleachers regiftered as herein after mentioned, aqd refi-dent within each of the faid counties or diftricls, for which one infpe&or is hereby allowed to be appointed rcfpeCtiyer ly, to meet on fome certain day in the months of April or May, and at fome certain place to be named in fuch advert ife men t, for the purpofe of confidering the expediency of appointing an inlpectqr therein, and of returning the names of three perfons proper to execute the office ox, in-fpeclor $ and if tfie majority of regiftered bleachers prefen: at fuch meeting, fhall there certify that a proper inipedlor will be pf fervic<? to the manufa&ure and market^ of tha$ county qr diftrict, and fhall like wife return under their bandf and feals to the faid truftees. the dames of three perfons, each Af whom is properly qualified in their opinion to be an	.

infpe&or there, tfie faid truftees may appoint fych one of the faid three perfons as they fhall think proper, to be an infpe&or of brown linens and yam in the faid pounfcy cr dif-trid for one year, from the fir ft d&y of May pr June imme-Yol. VII.	H	diately

Digitized by LjOOQle

The teventyfirjl end tepenty-fccend Ycqari of George III*

diately following, which ever (hall next happen, and Cm yearly and every year in lik>e partner; and the laid trufteet (hall and may pay unto every fuch infpe&or as a reward for his trouble and attendance, fuch (alary, not exceeding the fa!, ry not ex'- rate of forty pounds by the year, as they (hall think proper* feeding 40I. p»:r ar>y |aw tQ contrary notwithftanding. ml"'	XIII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the autho-

rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them affembled at the linen hall aforefaid, to difmifs or remove any fuch infpedior at any time within the year, and to appoint one other of the faid three per Tons to be infpe&or in his dead for the remainder of the faid year.

XIV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That * it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, 6r any twelve or more of them affembled as aforefaid, to appoint fuch perfons not exceeding four in' number, to be infpe&ors in any other parts of this kingdom than thofe herein before mentioned, at and for fuch times, and from time to time as they (hall choofe, with fuch falaries for each, not exceeding fotty pounds by the year, as they (hall thipk

T«c!ve tnjf«

tec*. may re-11. o\e lucii in-fpedor.

Ard may alfo

appoint 4 in-fpe.fctor8 * or ocher parts, at 4c I. each

Andintyeo*

proper.

XV.	And be it enabled hy the authority aforefaid, That tor may fci??e all evety infpt&or (hall have full power and authority, and he bntiilinipi hereby required to feizeand inform againft every piece of expo 1 tajle brown linen which (hall be fold orexpofod to falc or bought,

or agreed to be bought, in any market within his infpcc-tion, and which is mildewed, fraudulent, or not (lamped* or falfely or improperly (lamped or marked, and for that pur-pofe he (hall have full power and authority, and it (hall and may be lawful for him to fearch and examine all linens iir every of the faid markets, or which (hall have been fold, or agreed to be fold therein, and likewife to feize and inform againft all yam which (hall be fold or expofed to fale, or agreed to be fold in any of the faid markets, without being reeled, lay-banded, divided or made up, as by law required for fuch yam ; and every infpe&or who (hall conceal or connive at any offence, contrary to this or any other law touching the linen or hempen manufa&ures, or omit to inform againil any feal mafter who (hall neglect or a& contrary to his duty, (hall be fubje& to all fines and penalties enadled againft filch offence, or for fuch neglefl, or adtipg contrary to duty, as fully as if he had been guilty of fu<;h offence* negledt, of a&ing contrary to duty.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, .That *vei7 ^uc‘1 hifpedlor (hall once st the leaft in every quarter

icsofthcir pro- a Ycar> a°d M much ofteuer as he (liall be thereunto rc-

... ‘ ‘ quired by the faid truftees, or by any regiftered bleacher*

refident within hi‘3 diftrid, return ip writing upon oath to ' •	the

exjv within his dif-txief, that are mildewed, Sec.

and alfo yam not reeled, See.

infpectori conniving at frauds, fuhject to penalties, as perfons committing fuch.

Infpcctor* to

cecdings. Sic.

Digitized b;





under pain of

Bleachers to

Tie twentfjujl and twenty fecond Teart of George III.

*he faid truftces, a diary or journal of hii proceeding, and of the date of the markets within his infpe&ion, and of all linen and yarn by him feiaed or informed againfl, and of the conduvl of every feal matter of brown linen, fo far as the fame fhall have come to his knowledge, and (hall execute within hisdittrict, all lawful commands given to him by the laid tru flees from time to time, touching the linen and hempen raanufadurcs, under pain of forfeiting five pounds : for every negled or omiflion of fo doing.

XVII.	And be it enaded by the authority afurefaid,

That any bleacher or perfon who fhall follow the tirade of p^c°aofCa. bleaching-or whitening linen or hempen cloth, (hall, as foon bode with tmf. as he conveniently can, regifter his name and place of abode tecs, as herein, with the faid truttees, a Copy of which regillry they fhall

from time to time tranfmit to their fevcral feal mailers and lappers of white linen \ and no feal mailer or tapper fhall feal or (tamp any piece of white or bleached linen cloth from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, unlefs the bleacher, whofe name fhall be marked thereon, as is by law required, fhall have regif-tered his name and place of abode as aforefaid, nor unlefs the word €C Regiftered” be marked on fnch linen before the word u Bleacher,” under the penalty of five pounds for every fuch pi^ce.

XVIII.	And whereas the laws heretofore made to prevent the Healing linen and other articles out of bleach-greens, have not proved effeAualt be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for any Conftable, conftable or other perfon, by warrant under the hand and fcc' ftarch leal of any magiflrate or juflice of the peace, which warrant fufj^ctofper-tvery juflice of the peace and magiflrate is hereby autho- foils for articles rized and required to grant, oil proof upon oath of any one ufed in bleach-credible ,perfon being piade before him of any of the articles fwora to herein after mentioned having been flolen, to make fearch in bc “°*cn‘

all fufpe&ed houfesand places within the jurifdiftion of fuch magiflrate or juflice, for any yarn, linen, pot or other afhes, or any utenfils or materials whatfoever ufed in the bleaching or whitening linen or hempen cloth or yam, and if fuch conflable or perfon fhall find any fuch in the pof-feflion, houfe, out-houfe, field or ground of any perfon fqf» peeled to be guiky of any of the offences aforefaid, he fhall bringfuch fufpe&ed perfon before fuch ju&ice or magiflrate, or any other juflice of the peace or magiflrate; and if fuch Cufpe&ed perfon fhall not make full and clear proof to the fatiafaciion of fuch juflice or magi|lrate, that fuch linen, yarn, pot or other afhes, qtcnfil, or part of any utenfil or material ufed in the bleaching or whitening linen or hempen doth or yam, was fairly and honeflly bought by fuch pen-fbn, or mad? by him or her, or given to ham pr her by the

jti * ‘	Uwfii

r 16	'Tin	and (•werityfrcond 2 ears of George IT I*

A. 1).	lawful owner of owners thereof, fuch fufpe&cd perfon fhaH

r-^S i-2.	forfeit and pay fuch fum of money,* not exceeding five

Chap. 35. pounds, as to fuch jiiftice or magillratc fhall feem meet to v——.j be paid to tire informer ; and upon non-payment thereof, fuch jullice or magiilrate fhall commit fuch perfon to the common gaol of \\\c county, town, or city* by warrant under his hand and feal, there to remain without bail or main-prize* for iu:y time not exceeding fix* months, or until fuch penalty vbe paid.

Notto pre- XIX. Provided always, That fuch penalty being paid bcL&teX&V or comWtitir.ent made, fhall not be confhued to prevent fuel* perfon from being indicted, tried, convicted, and criminally puhifhed, for having ftolen tire faid articles, or any of them, or received or concealed the fame, knowing them to .'be ftokrr.*

Actions a- XX. And be ft further enacted by the authority afore-r^ift■ bleacher vfaid, ,That no action or fuft fdr damages on account of m*1’ -ear^&c^1 ba(^ °r ^mProPcr bleaching any linen or Irempen cloth, fhzft J ’ be brought or commenced againfl any bleacher, bis executors or ach sinlftrators, unlefs the fcme be brought or * commenced wf xiii three years after fuch cloth fhall have been bleached, or within three years after it fhall have been firft fold by the. draper or perfon who bought or 1 received the fame from, fuch bleacher; and that m every fuch action or fuit againft any bleacher, proof made of , the cloth having been rotten or tender, fhall be corurla-fivc evidence againft fuch bleacher of his or her bad or improper bleaching, unlefs it fhall be proved by the defendant that all the materials and means made ufe of or praftiled in bleaching or whitening fuch cloth, were fuch only as the law allows, aiid were fairly, honeftly, and propel ly ufed and pradifed therein, and that tlie cloth was found, merchantable, and properly made up, at the,time it was fiiiifhed and delivered by him or her.

XXI. And whereas a more fpeedy and fatisfa&ory re^ drtfs to buyers for the damages occafioned by bad bleaching, or fraudulent or negligent lappers and feal mailers* mull tend to difeourage fraud, and to raife and fupport the Credit of the manufacture: be it further enabled by the Authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees fhall meet on the fiift Tucfday in every month in th£ year, and on every fecond day (Sundays excepted) during each linen market of Dublin, at the linen hall in the city of Dublin, or at fume of their buildings contiguous thereto, and that any three or more of them fhall and may then .and there proceed to hear and determine all complaints which fhall be made agamft any lapper or feal mailer, for fratv-dulertt, unbound, damaged or'unmerchantable* linens, or for m'ifcondudt in his office, and fhall there fit from day to day (Sundays excepted) until all fuch comglaiuU fhall

i	be

Trnftecs to meet firft Tuesday in every month, &c. at linen hall in I'ublin, to hear and determine complaints againft laj-pers «r lealfm afters,

n;

and may Uo

Tbe twsenty^firjl and t'zvzntj-p'cond Tears of George III.

be determined; and that open every fuch complaint, it ftiali and may be lawful for the laid truilees, to delire the attendanceJ of fuch merchants, drapers, bleachers, cr other perfons (killed in the linen manufacture* as they lhail think proper, not more than live, nor lei's than three in number, to examine the linens complained of, and give their /KC the attend* opinion upon*oath, which oath the faid trultecs, or any one inc?n^u 5°!1"

5 >	•	,	.	.	.	,	•	-*n	.	1	_ l.JliS ikdlcd »n

ot tiiein is hereby wnpowered to adinnuHer, as to the Hate i.nciis, ^ho on

and quality of fuch linens, and whether the feal iYiaHer or o*t>» to <nve

lapper has adted improperly, negligently, or fraudulently, in thc‘r °Pin,on °f

Humping or fealing fuch linens, and the opinion of fuch

perfons ib /worn, or the majority of them, delivered in *

writing, aud figoed by the perfons giving it, lhail be con-

ciulive evidence to the find truilees, of the Hate or quality

of the linen, and of the condudt of the feal mailer or lapper

in refpedl thereof, and the truilees (hall then proceed to de-. andcbfnrfror

termine faid complaint, according to Inch opinion, by dit-. fine Hal I'm nit era

mifling the fame, or lining the feal mailer or lapper Ih* liich

fum or fums, not exceeding the fum or fums allowed by JiU,K G ** ^

law, as they (hail think proper for his punifhinent, and	<	*

for or towards recompiling the damages to the pmty

injure*}.

Provided always Th*t fuch perfons fo called up- Perfons r.illcd •n to give their opinion as aforciaid, may, if thereunto rc-.»n,imyyivc quired by the faid trafters, declare likewife uie;r opinion Upon oath of the amount of damages lullained by or occa- fuJliined by lioned to the complainant, by means of the bud ltate of tlie complainant, linen, or the m'dco.rdudl of the feal mailer or lapper; fyid that it (hall and may be lawful for either of the parties complained of or complaining, to objett to any perion called upon to give his opinion, and if it lhail appear upon oath,' that fuch perfon is particularly intereded for either party? or concerned in. the linen complained of, he (hall be fet, aljdj: and another called on in his room.

XXIII. Provided alfo, That the faid truilees (hail pet Truilees (hall any cafe, whether they mean to call upon fuch perfons, o£ no* hear com-to determine, as heretofore, without their alliliapce, pro- 3 mi ceed to hear any complaint againft any feal maHcr or lapper, fepfnot"frr/Til-on account of any unfound, fraudulent, damaged or tin- 7 d iys bdVrc <>n merchantable linens, unlefs it (bail hrll appear to them, that inch lapper, notice of fuch intended complaint lias been perfonally fetved upon fuch feal mailer or lapper, feven days at the kail previous thereto, or at the houfe in the city of Dublin, ap-Jwinted as afore faid by fuch feal mailer or lapper, or in failure of fuch appointment, upon the infpe&or within whofc di(lri£l fuch feal mailer or lapper refidcs, fourteen days at the lead previous thereto, and that notice of fuch complaint has been likewife entered with the fccrctary of the laid triif* tees, three days at lead.

’	■	‘ XXIV.

)igitiz©d^Vi^i,

The twcntyfirft and twtnty~fe$qnd years of George III.

XXIV,	Provided always, That if there (hall be no infpee-tor for the county or diftridl within which fuch feal maf-ter or lapper refides, and no houfe in the city of Dublin appointed by him as hertin before required, notice polled up at any confpicuous place within the parifh wherein he refides, or i$ aeferibed in his appointment to refide, four* teen days at the lead, previous to the day of hearing fuch complaint, (hall be deemed good and fufficicnt notice.

XXV.	And be it eoadled by the authority aforefaid. That all opinions given upon oath as aforefaid, (hall be regularly filed and preferved by the faid truftees, and be open to the infpc6tion of every perfon wfio may wifh to fee them.

Offi-er taking XXVI. And be it further enadled by the authority afore-sjiiwed’b* Truf* ^a1^’ That a^7 officer, feal mailer, lapper, infpe&or, or tetsT&e. nial? " ^ervant appointed by or adling under the faid truftees, (hall forfeit to the at any time demand, take, or receive any fee, gratuity, or pci fon convict- reward whatsoever, dire£lly or indireflly, for any a£l or rendered 1°^ thing done by him as an officer, feal mafter, lapper, infpect pable. " tor, or Servant, other than fuch fee, payment, or reward, as is now or (hall hereafter be appointed by law, or pub-lickly authorized by the faid truftees, or if any fuch perfon intruded by the faid truftees with the payment of money* (hall deduft any fum, by way of diSpount or premium, or demand, take, or receive any difeount or premium for paying the fame, and (hall be thereof convi&eft m any of hit Majefty’s courts of record, he (hall forfeit and lofe the (lim of one hundred pounds, to any perfon who (hall fueforthe fame, and profecute him to con vision, and he (hall be adjudged, and is hereby declared to be incapable of ever after holding or exercifing any office under the faid truftees. appoint an Tn? XXVII. And whereas the appointment of a proper per-Ipc&or general fon, well flrilled in the linen manufacture, to go from time of linen mami- to time, through the various part* of the kingdom, or of fs&pres at 5col. one fuch perfon to go from time to time through the va-For pnwinceof noUB parts of the province of Ulfter, and of one other fuch U liter at 300I. perfon to go from time to time through the other three per ann% and one provinces, and feverally to enquire into, and report to the remairdnghr^ ^a,<^ tn,ftce8> date	^cn manufacture therein, and

vinces at soolT effcCt of their regulations, bounties, and premiums, and per asm.	conduCl of their officers throughout the country, may tend

to prevent mifconduC^ in fnch officers, and to enable the faid truftees the better to promote the faid manufactures: be it enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve or mofe of them, aflembled at any meeting herein before required to be held at the linen hall, on the firfl Tuefday in any month, to appoint, during their pleafure, a proper and fufficicnt perfon to be infpeCtor general under them, of the faid ma-

nufa&uct.

If no iniwee-tor for fuch dif-trief nor houfe in Dublin, 14 days notice.

All opinion* on ojih to be filed.

Digitized by <^.ooQLe

*The twenfy^fitfi and	tars t)f George 111.

nufa&ures, with fuch falary, not exceeding five hundred pounds by the year, as they (hail think proper, or to appoint oae fuch perfon for the province of Ulfter, with a falary not exceeding three hundred pounds by the year, and alfo one. other perfon to be infpeftor general for the other .three provinces, with fueh falary, not .exceeding five hundred pounds by the year, as they (hall think proper.

XXVIII.	&*oyided always, That every fuch perfon (hall i( hove been bred, to, or carried on upon his own account, as £ave Ctirncd on a manufa&urer, trader, or merchant, fome oiic branch of fonu biuaj, of the linen manufa&urt, either by the bleaching, felling, df- laiJ maoulac-ing, (lamping, or flainsog linen.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore (aid, That each fuch perfon, fo appointed infpe&or gc<

' tts often as

Perfon appointed mu it

tu.e 0:1 hi* own

account.

Duty of J^id

rieral, (h?12, from time to time, and as often at thereunto *** requited by the faid trufteCs, go through the feveral parts of his infpeftion, where the faid manufa&ure is carried on*

Or to fuch parts as he (haft be by them required, and that he (hall infpeCt into fuch matters reiative to the faid manti* failures, as he (hall be by them ordered, from the growiag of the feed, to the 'moft finilhed (late of the linen, and like-Wlfe into the date df the markets, thi condudl of all feal mailers, tappers, ftnd infpc&ors, the application of utenfils granted from time to time by the faid truftees, the expenditure of the money by them granted for bleach greens, mills, buildings, or other putpofes, the fituation and date of fuch bleach greens, mills, and buildings, the materials lifed by bleachers, and whether any and what frauds be committed in claiming any premiums, ot diftfibuting any u ten-fils, granted by the faid truftees, and for that purpofe to v ufe and extrclfe, and he it hereby authorised to ufe and exercifo every power, and to do every aft which any one traftee is in himfelf by this or any other law veiled with, or authorised to do, to all Intent! and pnrpofes, as fully and cfte&u&lly as if he were himfelf a tmftee, and the faid powers Were herein fpccifically cnafted« and that etch fuch in-fpeftor general, (hall always return upon oath to the faid truftees, a full and trite account of faid fevertd matters, and of his progress in the execution of their orders, and of every fraud, negleft, or mifoonduft, which ho (hall have obfenred hr found oat in any officer, bleacher, feal mailer, infpeftor, ot m the application of any utenfil, or dahn of payment or any premium granted by the board.

a a X. And whereas the yearly fum which the fiud truf. Trofte^ im-tees arc allowed by law to appoint and pay for the fataries	***

of all officers, clerks, door keepers, fervatKs and faftors,	1	,M

has been found infufficient: be it further enabled by the authority eforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful far the tfuiim Ip af4>‘*nt and pay for Marks of all officers

and

Digitized by

Google

iThe trventyfrji and twentjfetond Tears of George tit.

and fervanta employed by or attending the faid truftees, or at the lincn#and yarn halls, the fums following, and no mot* that is to fay, for the falary of a fee ret ary, any fum not exceeding two hundred pounds per annum* and for the falarriea of clerks, not exceeding three in number, any fura not exceeding the rate of fixty pounds by the yearTor each clerk:* and for the falary of a clerk to the treafurer, any fum no* exceeding fifty pounds by the year, and for the falary of the chambrrlain of the linen hall, any frnn not exceeding one hundred and eight pounds by the year, and for the falary of the chamberlain of the yarn hall, iny fum nof exceeding forty ei^ht pounds by thjr^year; and for the falaries of porters, mcfTengers, doorkeepers, and all other officers, any fum and films, not exceeding in the whole the fum <*f one hundred and fifty pounds by the year, exchiiive of the • falarics or yearty allowances to fuch perfons as may be appointed infpe&ors of country markets, purfuant to the pro-.vifions herein contained, and cxclufive of fuch falary or Hilaries, as the faid truftees (hall appoint, for one or two ge-4 neral infpe&ors, as herein before mentioned, and for thetr agent in London.

XXXI. And whefeas the linen hall in the city of Dublin is too fmaH, and many enlargements and alterations are ceffary t6 be made therein, for the accommodation of the markets there, and in order to carry the fame into execution, it will be neceflary that fo much of Lurgan-ftreet, as lies between JJnen-Hall-ftreet, and the fouth end of the houfe • wherein Broghill Newburgh, efquire, lately lived, ^md the north fide of Dtrry-ftreet, and likewife the whole of Derry-ftreet, ibould be fhut up and enclofcd : be it ena&ed by the Yrotaetert^ authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the powced to en- fajd truftees toihut up and enclofe, and turn to fuch pur-pofes as they fhall think proper, fdr the better accommodation of the market at the linen hall, the Whole of Dcrry-ftreet, and fo much of Lwrgan ftrect, as is before mentioned; and that from and after their or either of their being fo fhut up, fuch ftrect, or part of the flreet fo fhut up, fhall hot be ufed, clain^d, or deemed to be a ftreet, road, or-paflage, nor iliall tEe truftees be liable to any afTdTment or tax, for paving or lighting, for or in refped of the fame, but the ground now occupied by the fame, fhall be, and is hereby veiled in the faid truftees, and their fucceffers; any law, Statute, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding. *

, XXXII. And in order to have the -necelTary accommo-t ^robe** * dations and enlargements made there as £xpeditioufly as pbf-pafu to truftees fible, be it enacted by the authority afbrefaid. That she for carrying on furplus or refidue of the additional duty or impoft, after laid enlarge- the rate of five pounds per centum, on the produce and ******	amount of the cuftoms inwards, and impoft excife, which

dofo cround fteceJTaiy,

'Surplus duty

'wThc twenty-firjl and iwenty-ficond tears ofQznrgc 1 [f.

4s provided-by an ad, pafled in the lad feffion of Parliament, intituled, An a8 for granting bounties on the expert of certain fpecits of the linen and hempen mamifattvrcs of this kingdom, therein enumerated\ and for repeating the bounties on flax feed imported, and for encouraging the growth thereof in this kingdom, to be paid to the faid trultees, (hall be by them applied and expended towards carrying the faid enlargements into execution, and providing farther accommodation for the markets there; any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII.	Be it enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That k (hail and may be lawful for the faid trudees to p«**h»fc ground take and procure, by leafe or purchafe, fuch ground or	hdl

houfe* ns they fliaH deem necefiary to procure, for the

proper -enlargement and accommodation of the faid hall and market.

XXXIV,	And whereas the faid truflees are poflefled by Ground in leafe of a piece of ground in Poolbeg Street, whereon they Poolbcjr Street formerty built a houfe for keeping flax-feed imported, out of belonging ** the money granted to them by Parliament, and the feme

not having been ufed by them for that purpofe, and for thefe twenty years pafl became ufelefs and unprofitable to . them, and being detadted from their other buildings, they ■did lately, at the reqtseft of the Dublin Society, permit the faid fociety to ufe the fame as a repofitory for implements of hufbandry and models thereof but did not grant the fame or give any leafe thereof to the faid fociety, not being impowered by law to make any leafe, or alien or difpofe of any land, houfes, or buildings, veiled in, or procured by them as trufleefe for the encouragemeat of the linen and hempen manufactures; and whereas the purpofes to which the faid Dublin Society liave applied the fame, of being a ftore houfe and mauufa&ory of the various inftruments ufed -in tillage are very defirable, and mud tehd to promote and improve the mode of agriculture in this kingdom: and whereas.as well the faid fociety, as the faid trudees, depend on the aid of Parliament, for enabling them to promote the feveral matters committed to their care, and Parliament has .lately increafed the funds of the faid truftees very much, whereby they are enabled to enlarge and render fuificieotly commodious their buildings at the linen hall: be it enaded by the authority arorefuid, That ail the intered, right and title of the faid trudees to the faid ground, bttildingn and appurtenances in Poolbeg Street, be, and they are.nereby veiled in, transferred and afiignedover to the Dublin Society, . now reded in to be held by the faid fociety, in at full and ample a man- Dublin Society, ner as the faid trudees held the fame, fubjed nevcrthelefs to the rents and all other covenants bn the part of the faid trudees to be paid, kept, or pe^fosmed, for or in refpeA of

the

Trudees mar

Die _

lit

4000I. per mftnum to be applied to encouragement of manufacture of •Jhea, aa herein

No greater fijm than 3000I. pet annum to be allowed for distribution of wheels, looms, Ic.

grants, &c. for more raid.

No part of foods applied to manufa&ure, unlds as herein.

No money paid on account *f grants for

The twentpjtrft and PwnUy-Jecmtd Tears qfGtorjyt HI.

the fame; and the faid truftees (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required to aifign their leafe and intereft therein, unto the faid fociety, when thereunto called upon by the feid fociety.

XXXV.	And whereas the high, price of afhes has given a great temptation to the ufe of hmc in bleaching, and afhes can be made in this kingdom of a good quality for bleachers ufe, and it is of the moft effential confcquence to the linen manufacture that there (hould be a conilant, certain, and cheap fupply of them: be it cnaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid trullees (hall and may, and they are hereby required to apply fuch proportion of the money committed to their management us they (hall think proper, not lefs than four thoufand pounds a year, towards encouraging the manufacture of afhes, and difeovering and promoting the cultivation of thofe vegetables which afford the greateft quantity of alkaline fubitance when burned) any law or (latute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas very large fums have been, expended by the faid truftees from time to time, in the dif-tribution of wheels, reels, and looms, and the procuring a greater fupply of Irifh flax, is effentially neceflary to the ia-creafe of the linen manufacture, and every fmall pan of the funds of the faid truftees has been applied thereto; be it cnaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees (hall not grant in any one year from the firft of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty two, for wheels, reek, and looms, more than the fum of three thoufand pounds; and that if any of the faid truftees (hall fign any grant or order for a grant to a greater amount thin three thoufand pounds in any one year, or (hall after the fum of three thoufand pounds (hall have been granted for that purpofe, fign any further, or other grant in the fame year, for wheels, reels, or looms, whereby there (hall be a greater charge than the fum of three thoufand pounds occafioned in that year for filch purpofes, every fuch grant (hall be null and void, and no receipt or voucher for the fame (hall be allowed in their accounts, nor (hall any part of the money entrufted to them to promote the linen and hempen manufactures be applied to pay the fame.

XXXVII.	Be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That no part of the funds entrufted to the care aad management of the faid truftees, (hall be applied in the encouragement of any manufacture, whereof two parts in three at leaft, are not made of linen or hempen yarn, or wherein linen or hempen yarn doe» not run through the whole of the fabric.

XXXVUI. Be it enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid^ That no money (hall be paid by the faid truftees, for or on

account

Digitized by

Google

/

7%e toverrtyfirfi and twenty fecond Tears of George III. account of any grant by them made, of wheels, looms, reels, faatchels, or any other utenfils, unlefs within fix months after the pa fling of this aft, or twelve months after fuch grant (hall be made, nor unlefs it (hall appear by affidavit, that the wheels, looms, reels, hatchels, or other utenfils mentioned in fuch grant have been well and truly made agreeable thereto, nor unlefs the receipt of the peribn to wnom any fuch grant has been or (hall be at any time made, or of his or her heirs, executors or adminiltrators, in cafe of his or her death, or if fuch perfon be abfent from the kingdom, of his or her known agent, be produced and given at the time of fuch payment.

XXXIX. Be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid truitees to offer any premium or reward, or make any order or grant which may caufe any demand of money upon the funds appropriated to their care and management, except on the'firft Tuefday of each month, at one of their meetings at the linen hall herein before required to be holden there, nor Unlefs twelve truftees at the lfaft there and then prefent (hall fign their names thereto at fuch meeting; and that the account of the receipts and payments of all money entrufted to their care and management, (hall be duly and regularly -fettled by them once at the leaft in every half year, and aS touch oftener as they (hall think proper, and entered into their journal, or any other book by them appointed for the pur^ofe; and every fuch account (hall be figned by at leaft five truftees, who (hall certify their having examined the fame.

XL And to prevent as much as may be, the inconvenience of long and unaudited accounts, by any neglect of fettling the fame in manner aforefaid; he it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for the vice-t restorers, receiver general, or his or their deputy or deputies, to pay any money appropriated or granted by law, to be paid to the faid truftees, upon any warrant, order, or receipt from them, unlefs the words following be therein contained, “ The accounts of all receipts and payments of mo-w nejy by or for the ufc of the trufiees of the linen and hempen u manufactures having been fettled by them and entered as the ^ la$u requires, to and for the twenty fifth day of March. or €t twenty ninth day of September lafi pafiwhich ever (hall have happened next immediately before the date of fuch warrant, order, or receipt, nor unlefs it be figned underneath the faid words by five truftees at the leaft.

XLI. And be k further enaded by the authority afore-feid, That if any truftee (haft fign as a truftee, any account wherein any payment (hall be allowed which is contrary to, or not authorized by this or fome other aft or ads of Parliament,

looms, Are. unlefs within $ months from paflbgact, or 12 from giant made, &c.

Nb order of grant liar premiums, unlefs at meetings on firft Tuefday in each month, See.

Vkt treafb-rer, Ire. not to pay any money to truftees on warrant, Ate. unlefs the Words herein are con-

Truftees fign-ing account, or order for money, contrary to law.

Digitized by

Google

T!'f'l'waiiy:fr] arul tvnnty-jecond Years df George III.

lfamcnt, or {hall fign as a truflee, any order for paying* allowing, or granting or any money contrary to, or not authorized as aforefaid, or contrary to any bye law which ihdl be made ami in forc£ in manner herein after men* tinned, every facli truflee (hall forfeit treble the amount of fuch order ligntd, or payment fo allowed, to any perfoa who will fue for the fame, by civil bill, bill, plaint, information, or other wife, in any court of record in this kingdom.

XLIL Arid be it further enafted by the authority afore-fcid. That a copy of the account of receipts and payment* of money by the faid trupees, which (hall be fettled once in every half year, or ofteqer, purfuant to this aft, (hall be regularly depofited with the clerk of the hbufe of commons, attdied by their fecretary, four days at the lead previous to every feffion of Parliament.

XLIIL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it Ihall and may be lawful for the faid truftees from time to time, to make bye laws or regulations for their own conduct* and the conduft of their feveral officers and ftrvants, and the regulation of their hall and buildings.

Bye laws fign- XL IV. Provided always, That every fuch bye-law or edhy istrut- regulation be propofed at one of the meetings herein before tees.	required	to	be field on the firft Tuefday in the month, and

that it be agreed to at the meeting to be held on the firft Tuelday in the month next following, and be then and there ftgned by twelve truftees at the lealt prefent at fuch meeting.

And not con- XLV. And provided alfo, That every fuch bye-law or trsryco Uw,4cc. regulation be not contrary to law, nor to any thing in this ■ ©r any other aft of Parliament contained.

* Bye law*	XLVI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

binding on truf- That every fuch bye-law and regulation fo propofed, agreed

forfeit treble amount.

Half yearly accounts to be depofited with cleik of houfe of commons.

Truftees may make bye law*.

tees, &c.

Truftee* may repeal or alter bye laws.

to and figned, fhali be binding on the faid truftees, their officers and fervants, and every aft done by them, or any of them contrary thereto, fhaii be, and is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLVII. Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees from time to time to repeal or altft* every fuch bye-law or regulation, the repeal or alteration being hr ft. propofed at one of the faid meetings on the firft Tuefday in the month, and agreed to at the meeting which (hall be held on the firft Tuefday in the month next following, and then and there figned by twelve truftees at the lend prefent at fuch meeting.

XLV III. And for the better attendance of the faid truf-tecs, and particularly upon the days herein before appointed for their meeting; and whereon complaints for fraudulent, unfound, damaged, or unmerchantable linen, are herein before

*

Digitized

b/Goqgle

*T'hc twenty flrjl and twenty -ft cond Tears of George Ilf.

fore directed to be examined and determined: be it enaded by the authority aforefjid, That at every meeting of the laid truftees to beheld as' herein before enacted on the lirftTuef-day in each month, and during each market, the fecretary, or perfoq a&ing as fuch, fhall enter down in the journal of their proceedings, the name of every truftee attending at fuch meeting, and fhall on every firit Tuefday in the month of May in fcach year, enter in the journals of the laid truk tees, th^ names of all fuch truftees as fhall not have attended at foifie one of the meetings aforefaid, in the year immediately precedingand if a fatisfa&ory excufe of ficknefa, or neceflary abfence for fuch non-attendance, fnall not be given to, admitted, 'and entered by order of the truftees in their journals, before the tenth day of November next fob lowing, for each truftee who fhall have fo failed to attend; or if fuch trullee fhall not appear in his phee at fome one meeting of the faid try (tees as aforefaid, before the faid tenth day of November, the place of fuch truftee fhall be, and is hereby declared to be vacant, and the' fecretary fhall certify the fame to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, who is and sire hereby impowered to nominate and appoint fome other per-fon to be a fruftcc for encouraging the linen and hempen ma-nufaftares, in the place and room of fuch perfon fo having failed tq attend, and not excufed as aforefaid, in like manner as if he werb actually dead.

XLlX. And whereas many perfons already appointed, or who ftiall be hereafter appointed truftees for encouraging the faid manufa<5urcs, may, from want of health, neceflary b»i-linefs, or other caufes, be dr (irons to refign the place and office of a truftee: be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon ajready appointed, or hereafter to be appointed a truftee for encou-rnging the faid manufactures, at any time, to refign his place as a truftee ; and that upon fuch resignation, certified under the hand and feal of fuch perfon, that it fhall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, and as often as the cafe fhall fo happen, to appoint and nominate fome other perfon to he a truftee for encouraging faid manufactures, in the room of fuch perfon who fhall have fo rcligncd.

L. And whereas the prefent lengths of three quarters and feven-eighths wide Irifh linen, and of thofe linens called dowlas, have been found inconvenient for printing, and it may be expedient that linens of thofe widths, and dowlas fhould he made of certain determinate lengths; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of them MTembied

at

At each meeting of truftees by this act, fecretary to enter name* of trustees attending.

Truftee defiring to refign.

lord lieutenant or chief gon vernor may appoint another.

Twelve trustees may appoint lengths of 3 quarters 7* eighths wide Irifh linens and dowlas.



A. D. 1781*2. Chap. 33.

Sad* appointment not to affect linens called

droghedaa.

Tie tweatyfirjl amd tmewtyfecond Tears *f Gcorgf 1IJ«

at tl^e linen hall, on any day during any of the market! there, to afcertain and publim the lengths which dowlas and linens of the width aforefaid, (hall be made; and that from and after the time which (hall be mentioned in fucb publication, no feal mailer of brown linen lhall feal any dowlas, or any linen of the widths aforefaid, unlefs the fame be of the lengths fo afeertained and pubiifiied, under the penalty of forfeiting five pounds for every piece of linen which (hall be fo fealed by him, and be of any further or other lengths, any thing in any aft or afts heretofore made to the contrary not-withltanding; and that no piece of brown or unbleached tinea of the widths aforefaid, or of the denomination called dowlas, (hall be fold or expofed to fale after the faid day, which (hall not be of the width fo required for the lame, upon pain of the perfon or perfons felling, buying, or expofing fuch piece to fale, forfeiting fuch piece, and alfo the turn of forty (hillings.

LI. Provided always. That nothing contained in fuch publication (hall affeft, or extend to be conftrued to affeft* or extend to that denomination of linens called Droghedaa, or to regulate their lengths, or to prevent their being fealed or damped on account of their length or (hortnefs; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid traders, or any twelve or more of them, at any time to revoke and annul fuch order.

Tarn exceed- LII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That tag one dosen it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve naorc °f them, affemblcd at the linen-hall as aforefaid, to ffjfj* Kanfca order and publifh that all yarn, exceeding one dozen in the ardosens, dec. pound weight, which (hall be expofed to fide, (hall be made up in hanks or dozens, and like wife to order and publifh that all yam, which (hall be expofed to (ale, not exceeds tag two dosen in the pound weight, (hall be regularly lay-banded, and divided into a regular number of equal parts, and reeled on a reel of three yards, or two yards and an half diameter, as they (hall think proper, under the penalty of all filch yarn not reeled or made up, or divided in manner f<j ordered and appointed, beiqg forfeited, and to revoke fuch order at any time they (hall think pro-

per.

All (pinners, . LIII* And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Ac. oilmen yarn. That every fpinner or carder of cotton yam, or maker of i^thartoSle *“7 monufadure made of, or mixed with linen, hempen, cot-ip any city- ton, or woollen yam, and every ftainer, printer or dy er of any manufafturc made of, or mixed with linen, hempen, cotton or woollen yam, (hall and may, and is hereby authorized to exercife their faid refpeftive trades, in any city or town-corporate within this kingdom, without any let or h:*n-dcrancr from any. perfon whatsoever, or without being charged

or

The tnventyfirfi and twenty fecond Tears of George III*	137

or chargeable with the payment of any money or duty what- A. D. focver, for or in refped of his, or her following fuch trade 1781-a. or bufinefs.	Chap,	a	I.

L.1V. And whereas it is enaded in and by an ad, pafTed in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of his prefent Ma- *7 & it O. jefty, intituled, An qB to explain end amend an aB, faffed m *al* the third year of bis prefent Majc'iy, intituled, An aBfor the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufaBures, That no juftice of the peace (hall hear or determine any complaint or information, for any breach or offence to be done or committed agai nft the faid ad, or tbe ad therein mentioned, un-lefe fuch juftice of the peace (hall have an eftatc for life in lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds fterling ; and that if any juftice of the peace, nut having fuch eftate, (hall hear or determine fuch complaint and information, fuch juffice (hall forfeit to the injured party the fum of one hundred pounds fterling for every fuch offence or breach, to be recovered by civil bill as herein before mentioned: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited part of the faid ad (hall be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed, and made null and void ; and that from and after the paffing of this ad, every juftice of the peace or magiftrate who (hall wilfully any negled or refufe to ad as a jhftice of the peace or magiftrate, ***** or juftice upon aay complaint touching the linen or herapeb manufao-tore, or any matter thereunto belonging, or in any wife to forfeit 10L carry this, or any law heretofore made relative to the faid manufactures into execution as a juftice of the peace or magiftrate, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch wilful negled or refufal, to be recovered by the informer, by civd bill, plaint, or information againit fuch juftice of the peace or magiftrate, in any court of record in this kingdom* within nine months after the offence committed.

LV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That 'Where oath wherever any oath is required by this ad to be taken, the affirmation of the perfon, if a quaker, (hall be fufficient in nation may tbe place of fuch oath or affidavit, and that every perfon be taken, at who (hall knowingly fwear or affirm any thing that is falfe, herein, in any oath or affirmation, which he, or (he (hall or may fwear or affirm, in purfuance or by virtue of this ad, or for the purpofe of obtaining any bounty or premium propofed or offered by the faid tru flees, fuch perfon (hall upon con-vidiou, fuffor fqch punifhment as perfons convided of wit-fill and corrupt perjury, arc by the laws of this kingdom fuhjed unto.

LVI. And be it enaded by the authority afortlaid. Counterfeit-That if any perfpq (hall forge or counterfeit any fcai pr fog fta| or Samp which (hall be made, ordered or given out by virtue (Tamp punULcd x

Digitized by

Google

128	The	twentyfirfl and Mi'enty-fecond Years of George III*

A, D. of this aft, and (hall be convifted thereof, fuch perfon fhaH 1781-2. fufier fitch puniftiment as is enacted by an aft paffed in the C-—fifth and fixtli years of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An 5 Or 3. 9. aff for explaining and amending the laws relative to the flaxen and hempen manufa8uresx againft any perfon counterfeiting the name of any tapper appointed as therein is mentioned. All offences LVII, And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, againft thk ad. That all offences committed againft this aft, fhall and may and aft penal- fjc heard and determined, and all penalties and forfeitures maylwhcard Jncurrtc^ or impofed by virtue of this aft, fhall and may be and determined fued for, recover ed, and difpofed of in like manner, and by as herein. the fame ways and methods, as are direfted by an aft puffed in the third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a8 for the better regulation of the linen and hempen mimufa8vrux concerning offences committed againft the fame, and the penalties pr forfeitures impofed or incurred thereby, except where it is herein otherwife particularly enafted or de* dared.

CHAP. XXXVI.

Continued din A8 for the better regulating the Corn Trade of this 33 G. 3. 37. 51.	Kingdom.

Commiffion-ersof cxcife may appoint a craner or cra-nrn at (alary not exceeding tool. in the whole.

Paymafter*, frc. to ubferve rules, fire from faid com-miftionert;

com million* er* may remove cranersjjr and appoint " •then. .

XXVII.	\ ND be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the coramiffioners of his Majefty's revenue of cuftoms and cxcife, or any three of them, fhall have power, and they are hereby authorized under their hands and feals, with the confent and approbation of the Iprd lieutenant, and other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for t|ie time being, to appoint a craner or craners ; and to apr point and pay fuch fatary or falaries for him or them, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one hundred pdunds fer annumy as they (hall think proper, and fhall be approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or go** vemor3 of this kingdom for the time being.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted hy the authority aforefaid, That the paymafter, deputy paymafter, examiner, clerks and craners, fhall obferve all fuch rules, orders, ana regulations, touching the management and due execution of their refpeftive offices, as they fhall refpeftively receive from time to time from, the faid cemmiffioners of cuftom or ex-cife, or any three of them ; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, by and with the confent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, to remove aiiy of the faid craners, and to appoint one ether perfon or perfons in the place or Head of fuch craper or craners, who

fhall

____—

£, oogle

The iwentyfirf} andtwenty fecond Tears of George lit.	129

lhall be fo removed, or whole place fliall be vacated by death A. D. orotherwife: provided that every fubfequent appointment 1781-2. to be made of fuch craner or craners, be made with the like	/

confent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors ^of this kingdom for the time being.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An A& to explain and amend the Ads for the Encouragement of Q Amended 25 the Ftfberies of this Kingdom, and for promoting the, good * ^

Ends propofed by feud Laws.

WHEREAS great national bounties are granted for the purpofe of encouraging the fifherics of this kingdom, but by experience it has been found that confider-able frauds have been pra&ifed in obtaining the fame ; and whereas a doubt ha$ been entertained whether the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s revenue are authorized to pay the * faid bounties in cafes where the veflel in the courfe of her filhing voyage lhall founder at fta, or by diftrefs of weather be dnven on Ihore, and wrecked, by reafon that the re-quifites preferibed to be done on the return of faid velTel after the filhing feafon, cannot be complied with ; to remove fuch doubts, and for the better encouragement of perfons to engage in faid fifheries notwithftanding the rilks that may attend the fame : be it enadled by the King's moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That where any velTel on her filhing voyage, lhall founder at fea, or by dillrefs and hardlhip of weather be forced on Ihore and wrecked, or that from unavoidable misfoitunes the re-quifites preferibed by the faid a&s cannot be performed, it lhall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Ma-jcfly’a revenue, upon fatisfadlory proof thereof, to order payment of the faid bounty to the owners of faid velfels; or in cafe of their being loft, to the legal reprefentatives of laid owners.

II.	And whereas the principal feafon for taking her* Boats may rings on the coaft of this kingdom, is during the months of (hoot their net* November and December, in which months, owing to tern- fvcrT n»ght peftuous weather, the filhermen are frequently prevented hcrefoCC,t’ from filhing for many nights in the week, and as the law as crem* now Hands are prohibited from (hooting their nets on Saturday night: therefore be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That from henceforth it lhall and may be lawful	^

for the laid filhermeu td (hoot thtir nets> and fiflv on every	'

Vot* VIL	I	night

No bounty (hall be paid on veffel*, as herein.

Each vefTel mull have one

130	The twenty-fir,1 end twenty fe con J Tears of George HI.

A. D.	night in the week, daring faid fifhing feafon on faid coafU:

1781-2.	provided the boats which go out on Saturday night, return

Chap. 37. into port early on Sunday morning.

III.	And whereas contrary to the intent of laid aAs*

bounties have been, fraudulently obtained by perfons not re-fident in this kingdom, and who therefore cannot be pu-nifhed for frauds pra&ifed in obtaining faid bounties, or for offences committed againft the laws made for the encouragement of the Irifh fifheries, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no bounty (hall be paid for or in refpeft of any veffel, the whole of which veffel fhall not be made appear to the fatisfa&ion of the commiflioners of his Majeflyrs revenue, to have been for fix months before failing on her filhing voyage, really and bona fide the property of one or more owner or owners, having their known and fettled place of refidened for them and their families in this kingdom, fix months at leafl before fuch time of failing, unlcfs it fhall appear to faid commifiloners, that fuch veffel has been built in this kingdom within the faid tfme of fix months, by fuch owner or^owners refident as aforefaid within this kingdom,	‘

IV.	And whereas many matters of fifhing vefTcls are in-

capable of writing and keeping journals ; for remedy whereto kee	** cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That to inti-

journal, aa hcie-	10 the bounty, the owner or mailer of every fifhing

in. ’	veffel,	a * he (hall proceed to fifh, fhall at all fuch times have

amongft the number of hands and men by any law now required, one perfon on board of the age of fourteen years at leall, who fhall keep the rough journal of faid veffel, and fhall within eight days tranferibe the fame into the fair journal, to be fworn to, and returned by the matter 5 any law or flatutc to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

V.	And for the better encouragement of the curing of

red herrings, be it enabled by the authority afoiefaid, 7 hat for ever}' barrel of full red herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, which fhall be exported from'any ' pot t in Ireland, by any perfon or perfons to any parts beyond the Teas, there fhall be paid one (hilling and nine-pence'; and for every barrel of clean fhotten herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, one (hilling, and fo in proportion for a fmaller quantity ; faid bounty to be paid in like manner, and Under the fame regulations, as the Ixninties are payable by the laws now in force for granting bounties on the export of fifh * Caught on the coatts of this kingdom, or within thirty five leagues of the fame.	~	*'

V'. And whereas it is neceffary for the better er.cou-^ragement of perfons to ereft (tores and buildings for the ^curing and preferring the fifh, and alfo to build houfes for

For every barrel ot full red herring:* exported, there fha’l he paid X*. 9d. bounty,

and of clean fhotten her-■rtig*, 1$.

All perfon* Cqzcd in fee tail or life,

Ti maintic r to iffuc, as herein.

accommodating



Digitized by

Google

Tie twenty frjf and twenty-ficond Tears of George III.

accommodating the people employed fn feid bufinefs to give them permanent tenures !h the grounds on which buildings neceflaty $p accommoejate fuch people may be built; and whereas fucK improvements muft be of great benefit to the eftates on which they are made, be It ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all perfons who are feized ii) fee tail, or for life, with remainder to their IfiTue, of and in any lands which lie commodious to the fifherles on thecoaftsof Donegal, Sligo* Mayo, county of Galway, and county of the town of Galway, to demife to any peffon or perfons, who fhall covenant and agree within the fpace of five years from the commencement of fuch leafe, to lay out not lefs than ten pounds in buildings on the f^me, any quantity pf ground, not exceeding five acres, to any onp perfon for any term of years, or for the term of three lives, with covenant of renewal for ever, on payment of half a year’s rei}t, by way of fine for each renewal, at the higheft and bell rent that can he gotten for the fame, without any fine to be taken for $he making filch leafe.

VII.	Provided however, That fuch ground fo demifed, be not more than two miles diftant from the fea fhore, and be not part or parcel of the demefne ufually held and oeru-pied, with the manfion-hqufe of the owner of faid lands.

VIII.	And provided, That laid demife be made by indenture, under hand and feal, and duly executed In th^ prefence of two credible witneffes, and that the tenant do execute a counterpart thereof, in like manner, under hand and fcal, in the prefence of two credible witne(Tc§: and in cafe the leflee or lefTees, or his or their reprefentatives, (hall duly fulfil their covenants for bqilding as afqrefaid, the premises granted and demifed by fuch leafe, ffiall be field and enjoyed by fuch tenant, his heirs and afligns, according to the nature of the tenure, notwithllanding any limitation in any lyill or fettlement reftraining fuefi lefTor from making fuc^ Jjafe as aforefaid,

131

A. D.

1781-2. Chap. 37.

may Uafe for any term of yeap, at herein.

So.cfi grpvn4 not tQ b*' more than 2 mil t from fea fliofe.

Such demif* to be by iudeu. turt, Kc. | counterpait by tenaut.

11	CHAP,

Digitized

-•Google

/

Thetmkntyfcrfi and twontyfeeond Tears of George J1I. CHAP. XXXIX.

Amended 26 An A3 for the more ejfeBiud carrying into execution the feveral ^ 3'**'	Laws relating to the Turnpike Road leading from the City of

*	Dublin to Mullingar$ and for enabling the Trujlees of /aid

Continued to	Road to widen and make more convenient the Approaches from

**95> *c*	the Town of CbapcUzod to the City of Dublin, and for

j6 O. 3.4*>	other Purpofes ; andfor correSing a Mifake in an A3 pajf.

id m the laf Sejfion of Parliament in this Kingdom, intituled, An A3 for making a Turnpike Road from Nenagh in the county Tipperary, to O'Brien's Bridge in the County of Clare•

Rcrftml of $ G. %. c. 16.

to continue to 23 March *75*, &c.

it ;o. 2. c.

JX.

continuing laid ad to 2$ March 1773,

*c.

14 6.

5.6.19.

XX7HEREAS by an a& paffed in the fifth year of the ▼ ▼ reign of his late Majefty King George the fecord, intituled, ffn A3 for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Kinnegad in the county of WeJlaeatb\ feveral tolls and duties were granted and made payable for repairing the faid road, which faid ad was to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to continue in force during the term of twenty-one years, and to the end of the then next fefiion of Parliament: and whereas by another ad palled in the feventh year of hit faid Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a3 for making more effect tual the faid a8 paffed in the fftb year <f his faid Majefly% and for the other purpofes therein mentioned, certain tolls and duties in lieu of the tolls and duties made payable by faid former ad, were granted and made payable for repairing the faid road, and which laid ad, and all and every the powers* authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and claufes therein contained, of the fifth year of his laid late Majefty, except fuch parts thereof as were altered hy the faid ad of the feventh year of his (aid late Majefty, were continued from and after the expiration of the laid term of twenty-one years, for and during the further term of twenty-one years, and front thence to the end of the then next fefiion of Parliament ; and whereas by one other ad paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of -his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a3 for alteringi amending, and making more ejfeBuai the laws for repairing the road leading from the city of Dub&o to the town of Kinnegad in the tounty of Wejincath9 and from $hence to the town of Mutlingar in the fame county9 and fenp Other purpofes therein mentioned, it was enaded, that the laid ads maae in the fifth and feventh years of the reign of his (aid late Majefty King George the fecond, and all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and Cltufcs therein contained* except what were thereby repeal*

*4*

• A

Digitized by ^o&gLe

7V* twenty-Juft and twentyfecond Tears of Gcqrgt III.

>3$

4td» altered, or explained, fhould be of full force, com-	A* D.

mence, and take effect, and fhould continue to be executed	1781-a.

from and after the lad day of the then fefiion of Parlia- Chap. 39. ment, for and during the further term of twenty-one years, and from thence to me end of the then next feflion of Par- continuing Lament, for the intents and purpofes in the faid ads, and f^d a<SUto therein mentioned: and whereas the fum of fifteen thoufand ^iooi. ftiU pounds fterling, mentioned and alledged in the faid lad re- unpaid, cited a ft, to be due on the credit of the faid two former ads, is dill unpaid, and the fame bears intered at the rate of Eve pounds ten (hflliogs per centum per annum, and the laid fum of fifteen thoufand pounds hath been applied and difpofed of as the tolls and duties granted by virtue of the faid two fird recited ads, were by the faid a^h to have been applied and difpofed of: and whereas the approaches from the town of Chapelizod in the county of Dublin, to approaches the city of Dublin, by the faid road, both on the north {j^to Dublin and fouth fides of the river LifFey, are in mod parts thereof too narrow, fo exceedingly narrow and confined, us not to afford convenient or fafe paffage to travellers, cattle, or carnages; and the laid road, by reafon of the narrownefs thereof, cannot be kept or prefetved in good repair, and for the convenience of the publick, the uud road ought in all parts thereof to be made of the breadth of fixty feet at the lead, where faid road the fame can be done without breaking down, or injuring 9®fTht t0 any of the inclofures of his Majefty’s Phoenix Park, or of 60 Kt W4dc* the grounds belonging to the Royal Hofpital of Kilmain-ham : and whereas the annual fum arifing from the faid tolls i or duties, is not fufficient to keep down the whole of the yearly intered of the faid loan, and to anfwer the feveral purpofes by the laid recited ads intended, and to widen the laid part of the laid road, and to make a fund fufficient for thofe purpofes, it is neceffary to encreafe the toll or duty in future to be colleded on the faid road ; therefore be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majedy by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament. affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the perfons nominated perfonsno- ' and appointed in and by virtue of the laid lad recited ad of mrnited, *»

the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majedy’s herein, fluU bu . r *	%	r	'	1	,	..	truiteetfor Dus

reign, or hereafter .to be fo nominated and appointed, mall I0%^

be trudees for putting the faid former ads and this prefent

ad in execution, and all the powers and authorities therein,

and herein after given and pnaded, to all intents and purpofes

as if they had been named herein; and all and every perfon

and perfons, fo heretofore nominated and appointed, or

hereafter to be nominated or appointed, (hall and may, and

are hereby impowered to ad to all intents and purpofes, as

the faid trudees, or any feven or more of thejn, are by the

former

tolls too



Digitized by

)lH tO Mul-lnigar,

Chapclitor? to

I>nO:iit her on.

7he twenty firji and twefityfeconi Tears of George III*

former aft8 of this prefent aft impowered to do, and (b to*

ties quoties as often as there fhall be occafion*

II. And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That

it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or

Truftees hn* any feven cr more of them during the continuance of the

powered to ketp tcrm g^nud by the faid former afts of the thirteenth and

iu repair, Thor r 6	.	1	r	.	.	-	w . n ,	.	.

ten, jvc. the fourteenth years ot his prelent Majelty s reign, to lay out as

road from Dub- much of the money arifing by the toll hereby granted, or

----------------- oAhe	money	to be railed on the credit thereof, in keeping

in good and effeftual repair, the faid road leading from the city of Dublin aforefaid, to the town of Mullingar in the county of Weftmeath, and in altering or fhortening the line thercofas they fhall think neceffary for that purpofe, but fo ividen ^ote efpccially f»r the purpofe of widening and making of u>ad from the breadth of fixty feet at the lead, where the fame can be done without breaking down or injuring any of the inclo-fures of his Majefly’s Phccnix Park, or of the grounds be* longing to the Royal Hofpital near Kilmainham, all parts of the faid road leading from the faid town of Chapelizod to the city of Dublin, on the north and fouth fides of the river Liffey, and that for the purpofe of widening, making, and repairing the faid part of the faid road to the breadth aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyors elefted, nominated or appointed, or to be elefted, nominated, or appointed by the faid truftees, ot any feven or more of them, purfuant to the powers, and for the putpofes in the faid recited afts of any of them ex-prefled, by order of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to make* or caufe to be made caufeways, and to cut and make drains through any ground lying contiguous to the fnid part of tlie faid road, leading front Chapelizod to Dublin, on tlie north and fouth Tides of the river Liffey, and to ereft arches of brick, timber nr ftooe thereupon, and alfo to widen to the breadth of fixty feet any of the narrower parts of the faid part of the faid road, by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid road, any fitch contiguous grounds, or to fhorten any parts of the faid read, through any grounds of any perfon or per-fons lying contiguous to fuch road, not being inclofed within his Majefty’s Phcrnix Park, or ground belonging to the Royal Hofpital near Kilmainham, and alfo to caufe ditches oi trenches to be made in fuch places, and in fuch manner as fuch furveyor or furveyors by order of the faid truftees or any feven or more of thefn, fhall adjudge neceffary, for the better amending and keeping the faid part of the faid road in good repair, making fuch reafonable fatisfaftion to the owner or occupier of fuch ground, as (hall be fo laid in, or Unto the faid part of the faid road, or through which any fuch d:ain or drains (hall be cut, or on which any fuch arck

or

*ti •king fa tisf;:6tion to ot.ucr.

«a

to be aflcfled

The t'wcnty-firjl and twenty fecond Tears of George III.

or arches (hall be made, or through which fuch (hortened road (hall be carried, for the damages which he or they (hall or may thereby fuilain, as (hall after eight days notice be addled and adjudged by the jullices of the peace for the coupty of Dublin, or by the major part of them, at the next general quarter feffions to be holden for the county of ^Jacc^'a* here Dublin, in cafe of any difference concerning the fame ; any	CFC’

thing in the (aid recited ads or any of them to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And he it further enaded by the authority afore-fiid, That the faid truftees or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they or any feven or more of them (hall authorize and appoint, (hall and may from and after the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hun- From No-dred and eighty-two, for and during the continuance of the vember 178?, laid former ads, and of this prefent ad, take and receive t0*}# ‘“created, in lieu of the tolls and duties made payable by the faid re- M crclD> cited ad of the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty King Georg? the fecend, the tolls and duties following, that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, the fum of two (hillings and two pence ; for every coach, ber-lia, chariot, cala(h, chaife, or chair drawn by four horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, the fum of one (hilling aud feven pence halfpenny 5 for every coach, berlin, chariot, ca-b(h, ebaife, or chair drawn by two horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, the fum of fix-pence halfpenny ; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with four wheels the fum of five (hillings; for every wain, cart, or <*thcr carriage with two wheels, having more than two horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or mules, the fum of tw*o (hillings and eight pence halfpenny ; for every carriage commonly called chaife, chair, or capriole with four wheels, drawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the fum of fire pence; for every car, capriole, or other carriage with four w heels and drawn by more than one horfe, mare, geld-iag, afs, or mule, the fum of fix pence halfpenny; ior every car, capriole, or other carriage having but two wheels and drawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, the fum of one penny halfpenny 5 for every horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the fum of one penny ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence per (core, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier number;	*

for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, or lambs, the fum of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier number; which (aid refpe&ive fum and fums of money, (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty, at the fcvcral turnpike gates now crc&ed, or 4	’	which

7*.. w

Digitized by Google

t

136	The twcnty-jirjl and twenty-fecond Teart ^George	III.

A. D. f ! 7^1-2. Chap. 39.

v^rx.

money raifed l»y faid tolls vel>«-.^ in the truflees, firft to difeharge ex-pence* of this 4tc.

Hoad from

DnM n to Mullingar divided into 2 parts, as herein.

Recital of 5 (*. c. 16. {. ic.

which (hall hereafter be ereded oti the faid road, or 00 the fide* thereof, or any part thereof j and the (aid truftees, or any feven or more <jf them, are hereby impowered by them-felvcs, or any perfon or perfons by them or any feven or more of them thereunto authorized, to levy and receive the fame, and are alfo inverted with all the fame power* and authorities for the levying the fame by diftrefi, feizure, detention, or otherwife, as by the fajd former ad* they were and arc inverted with, for levying the tolls and duties thereby granted ; and the faid money, tolls or duty fo to be Tiereby raifed and colleded is and (hall be verted in the faid truftees, for the purpofe in the firft place of difeharging all reasonable expence* in the procuring this aft, and after difeharge thereof, the faid money or tolls, or duties, (hall be fubjed and liable to the ufes and applications in the faid former ad*, and in this prefent ad particularly direded, mentioned, and declared, of and concerning the refpedive tolls and duties thereby and hereby granted,

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid road from Dnblin to Mullingar, (hall be divided into two part*, and that fo much thereof as reaches From the city of Dublin to the twenty mile (lone, on the faid road, (hall be diftinguirtied by the name of the eaftern divifion, and that fo much thereof as reaches from the twenty mile ft one to t he town of Mullingar, (hall be diftinguirtied -by the name of the weftcra divifion.

V.	And whereas in the faid ad of the fifth of his (aid late Majefty, there is a provifo, that in cafe there (hall be more than one gate or turnpike in, crofs, or on the fide of the faid highways of roads between the faid city of Dublin and Kinnegad, no perfon or perfons having paid the toll or duty at the firlt gate or turnpike, through which fuch 'perfon or perfons (ball pafs, and producing a note or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid, (which note or ticket the receiver or receivers, coiledor or colledors is, and arc hereby required to give gratis) (hall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpikes upon or on the fide of the faid highway or road, fuch perfon or perfons delivering the (aid note or ticket to the faid receiver or Receivers, coiledor or colledors of the faid toll or duty at tbe latter gate or turnpike the fame day, and no perfon or perfons having occafion to paf* the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, and who (hall return the fame day, upon or with the fame horfe, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, cala(h, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be liable or compellable the feme day to pay the faid toll or duty more thau once on thedhid xoad j be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Th^/



Digitized by

2oo®le

The	andtwenty-fccond Tears of George 1*1.

the faid provifo be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed and made void.

VI.	Be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that every perfon (hall pay the tolls and duties aforefaid at the firft gate, he or (he, or his or her cattle or carriages (hall pafs through faid fcc-in either of the faid divifions, and if on the fame day he or l,0"j^creI>f re* (he, with his or her cattle or carriage (hall travel more of P Toll t0

the (aid road, than is in one of the faid diviOons, he or (he paid at firft gate, (hall pay the toll or duty aforefaid, twice in the fame day, Ac* it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that payment on the eaftern divifion (hall not be an exemption from payment in the weftern dirilion, nor payment in the weftern dirifion an exemption from payment in the eaftern divifion.

VII.	Provided always, that no perfon or perfons (hall be perfon to obliged to pay any of the faid tolls or duties more than once pay twice.

in the fame day, within any one of the faid divifions on producing a ticket thereof, which ticket the receivers at any of the gates ere&ed, or to be ere&ed on the faid road, are to give as by the faid former a& is dire&ed, and the tickets to be fo given, are to be marked with the name of the divifion of the faid road, in which they are delivered to the perfon or perfons fo paying toll or duties.

VIII. And for as much as the money fo to be colle&ed

by fuch receipt of the toll, will not at prefent be fufficient r^ ^ borrow for the purpofe of widening the narrow parts of the faid money' not exroad, or of (hortening and making more commodious the ceeding 2cool. fine thereof, from the faid town of Chapelizod to the faid 48 ilcrein-city of Dublin, on both (ides the river Liffey; be it further ena&ed by the authority afouefaid, that the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, (hall and may, and are hereby impowered from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to raife and borrow fuch fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two thoufand pounds fterling, as they (hall judge neceflary, towards defraying the immediate expence of the faid works, and to make fatisfa&ion or com-penfation to the owners or occupiers of contiguous grounds, for damages to be by them fuilaioed as aforefaid; and that for all fuch fums fo to be borrowed, bills intitiing the bearer to the amount of the fums therein fpecified, and declaring fuch amount to be payable on the firft day of May, or firft day of November which (hall next happen, after the end of three years from the refpe&ive dates of fuch bills, (hall be iffued and figned by the clerk or regifter of the faid truftees for the time being, and fealed with the feal of the faid truf-tces, and that fuch bills (hall bear intereft from the date thereof, as (hall bcl agreed upon by the faid truftees, and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the rate of fix

pounds

Digitized by v^ooQle

Toll* by this m& Aril laid out in repairing and paying officers.

Said money

applied a* herein.

reaurer,

v^icn Cid bil's become due, to f>ay ashcrcifl.

Tie twentyfirjl and ttventyfecond Tears of George IIL

pound* by the hundred by the year, and that for fuch fums, fo to be borrowed by the faid truftces, there fhal be paid by their treafurer or receiver, every firft day of May, and every firft day of November, after the refpe&ive dates of fuch bills, to the holders thereof, fuch interefl as (hall be fo agreed upon, in full to the faid days fo appointed for the payment of fach inter eft, without any fee or charge whatfo-ever, and free from all dedu&ions, defalcations and abate* raents, until the principal fums therein mentioned be refpcc-tively paid at one payment; and that all fuch bills as fhall be fo iffued and figned, fhall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof fhall be numbered: provided, that no fuch bill fhall be ifTued for lefs than eight pounds fix {hillings and eight pence, and that every perfon to whom fuch bill or bills fhall be ifTued, may, at his or her option, receive one or feveral bills for fuch fum as he or fhe fhall choofe, fo as fuch bill or bills, if more than one, fhall not exceed in the whole the amount of the money by him or her lent to the faid trullees in purfuance of this aft, and fo as no bill fhall iffue for any greater fum than eight pounds fix (hillings and eight pence, except fuch fum as eight pounds fix fhillings and eight pence (lull be the common divider of.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the tolls of faid road impofed by this a&, fhall be in the firft place laid out in repairing and widening faid road, and fn the payment of the necefTary officers, before any debt or interefl of debt now affecling faid tolls (hall be paid.

X.	And be it further e.iacled by the authority aforefaid, that the faid money, not exceeding two thoufand pounds fo to be borrowed, fhall be applied, in the firil place, towards defraying the immediate cxpe.ice of the faid work fo to be done in the widening and altering the faid parts of the faid road, from the town of Chapelizod to the city of Dublin, both on the north and fouth fides of the river Liffey, and in making compenfation or fatisfattion to the owners or occupiers of contiguous grounds, for damages to be by them fuftained as aforefaid, and that the relidue thereof, if any, fhall be applied and difpofed of as the tolls and duties aforefaid are by this a cl, or by the faid funner a&s, or any of them, to be applied or difpofed of.

XI.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, that the treafurer or receiver of the faid truflees for the time being, fhall, when and as the principal fums for which fuch bills fo to be figned as aforefaid, fhall be ifTued, fhall become due and payable, then immediately difeharge the fame, with all inter eft due thereon on demand made thereof, in preference to any other claim or demand whatfoevtr on the laid truftees, or the! faid treafurer or receiver, by virtue of

any

The ttoenty-frft and twenty ftcond Yean of George III.

any warrant or order of the (aid truftees or otherwife how-foever, and that the laid holder of fuch bill or bills, (hall, upon payment thereof as aforefaid, deliver up his or theif feveral and refpe&ive bills to the laid treafurer or receiver to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the intereft of fuch bills refpe&ivcly (hall ceafe from the day whereon the principal fums therein mentioned (hall refpe&ively be made payable, unlefs the faid treafurer or receiver (hall, on demand thereof made on that day, refute or decline paying fuch principal fum, with the intereft then due thereon ; but in cafe of fuch demand and refufal, or declining on that day, fuch bill or bills fo demanded, (hall bear intereft at the rate therein expiefted, until paid.

XIT. And whereas all or mod of the warrants or orders Truftec* i'm« heretofore iftued by the faid truftees for monies by them powered to }’ur« borrowed, purfuant to the faid former a£ti, have been pur- fhafe, a* hero* chafed by the prefent holders thereof, at rates confidentlyin* under par, and the fame might probably be brought in by the faid truftees much under par, were the faid truftees by law enabled to purchafe the fame; therefore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that when and fo often as the furplus of the faid tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what (hall be fufficient to difeharge the intereft of the faid warrants or orders, and the principal and intereft of fuch bill fo to be iflued as aforefaid, and for the repair of the faid road, and other neceflary charges, (hall amount to the fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch furplus	4

(hall be received, and be in the hands of the faid treafurer or receiver of the faid truftees, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at a publick board of the faid truftees, to fet up their warrants or orders by publick auction, to be difeharged, fo far forth as fuch furplus fo in hands will go towards the difeharge thereof, and (hall with, and out of fuch furplus, and fo far as the fame will extend, caufe their treafurer or receiver to difeharge fuch of the faid warrants or orders, as on fuch auction the higheft difeount (hall be offered for, and that the perfon or perfons who (hall on fuch audlion propofe or bid the higheft difeount, his or their executors, admi-nifliators, or afligns, (hall fo far forth as fuch furplus will extend, within twenty days after fuch au&ion be paid by the faid treafurer or receiver the principal fum or fums to him or them refpedlivcly due, after deducting thereout fuch difeount as aforefaid, with iutcreft for the fame till paid, and (hall, upon payment thereof, indorfe on the back of fuchwarrant or older, a receipt for the money really and bona fdt to be paid him, after deducing fuch difeount as aforefaid, and fubteribe his or her name to fuch receipt, and

deliver

f 9 * so G.

3. c. 46. f. si. at to refidence in county of Tipperary, ic-

Thi» ad as

to increafc of tolls continue to 1787.

A publick ad.

73* twOktyftrJi mJ twenty feemd Tern of George III,

ddnrer up his or their feveral nefpedive warrants or orders lb difeharged, and with fuch receipts fo indorfed, to the {aid treafurcr or receiver, to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cmcd accordingly, and the intereft payable by virtue of fuch warrants or orders fo difeharged (hall ceafe from the expiration of twenty days, to be accounted from the day of fuch auction; provided that fuch audion, and the time and place of holding thereof in the city of Dublin, be publickly advertifed in the Dublin Gazette, or (bme other publick news paper, and alfo polled in the ufual manner of pofting notices of the frud tyuttees, at leaft twenty days be* port fuch audion*

XIII.	And whereas by an ad paffed in the la ft feffion of Parliament in this kingdom, for making a turnpike road from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary, to Obrien’s-bridge in the county of CWre, it is enadrd, u That no perfon (hall be eleded a truftee of the (aid road, who is not refident in the county of Tipperary,” be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that fo much oif the faid recited ad |>c, and the fame $3 hereby repealed.

XIV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that fo much of this ad, as relates to the increafe of the tolls on faid road from Dublin to Mullingar, (hall continue in force for five years and no longer.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afort-(aid, that this prefent ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, aod taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all the judges, judices, and other persons whatsoever, without fptdaily pleading the fame,

CHAP. XI,.

Am Aff for reviving) continuing, and amending feocral ten* • forary Statutes.

Grand jury of co. of city of Cork at a {fixe*, may prefent fums, tec.

r Recital of 17 a 18 G. 3. 38. £ 20.

XVII. A ND be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, JiX. that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the county of the city of Cork, at the af-fizes to be held for the faid city, to make prefentments for fums of money for covering over, cither by arches or other-wife, fuch canals or docks, the covering of which (hall appear to be for the publick convenience and advantage of the laid city, in the fame manner as prefentments are made for the repair of high roads, and that it (hall be lawful for the judge of aflize if he (hall think proper, from time to time* to fiat fuch prefentments.

XVIII.	And whereas, by an ad of Parliament parted m the fevemeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his pic-fent Majcdy, intituled. An a3 for the tetter regulation of the

poke

Digitized by

Google

The tovertyfr/f and tevmtyfecood Yean of George III.	14.x

police of the city of Cork, and for otherpurpofes relative to the A. D. feud city { it is ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the 1781-2. church wardens of the feveral parifhes in the {aid city of Chap. 40* Corfc> and the fuburbs thereof, may, if they (hall think w proper, take into their care and poffeffion any infant chil-dren that (hall be deferted and expofed in their refpe&ive pa-rifhes for the purpofes mentioned in the faid ad, and that the expences of providing for fuch children (hall be defrayed by the refpe&ive parifhes in the manner therein men* tioned.

XIX.	And whereas feveral of the faid church wardens . Chnreh-war-have refufed to take into their care and poffeflion feveral >n-tAe chafge?of° faot children that have been deferted and expofed in their re* infants, &c. fpedive parifhes, and it is apprehended that other church wardens will refufe to do the fame, relying on the words of the (aid ad, that they have a power to take fuch children or not to take them, as they (hall think proper, whereby the charitable and laudable fcheme intended by the faid ad, fot . the relief of fuch deferted and expofed children, is io a great meafure fruftrated: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the church wardens df the federal pari(he8 in the faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof, (hall take into their care and poffeffion any infant children that (ball be expofed in their refpedivt parifhes, to be, difpofed of as mentioned in the faid recited ad, and if any church warden of any pari(h in the faid city of Cork or the fuburbs thereof, (hall refufe to take into his care and pof-felfion any infant child that (hall be deferted and expofed in his parttb, for the purpofes mentioned in the faid ad, that fuch church warden for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds to go to the governors of the work houfe of forfeit si to the faid city, for the ufe of the faid work houfe, and to be work-houfe. recovered by civil bill, to be brought in the name of the faid governors, at the affixes to be held for the faid d’ty.	•

XXVI.	And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- . laid, that eveiy perfon confined or to be confined in any of 0f#bread[" bis Majefty’s gaols within this kingdom, charged with any &€, criminal offence, (hall be intitled to receive the prifoners sj?

Jowance of bread, during the time of his or her faid confinement $ and if fuch perfon (hall, after having' been tried for fuch offence and acquitted thereof, be confined fot bit or her fees, every fuch perfon fo confined (hall be in like manner intitled tfi the like nUotoancc*



9

Digitized by booQle

The twenty firfi and twenty fecond Tears of George Ilf, CHAP. XLII.

An A3 for enforcing the due execution of the laws now in be* ing, and for the better regulating the pvblick gaols and pri-

fons in this kingdom, and providing necejfary accommodations for the perfons confined therein, and for the more effefivaf adminiji ration ofjujiice at feffwnt, and byjujlices of the peace in cities and counties of cities within this kingdom.

WHEREAS there Is juft reafon tq believe that the feveral publick gaols and prifons throughout fhu kingdom are at this time in a very rumouc and decayed (late, and that they have not the proper accommodation of room that is neceffary for preserving the health of fuch as are confined therein : and whereas there is good reafon to believe that Several juft and falutary regulations, preferibed and direded to be carried into execution by the different fheriff* jnd gaolers, under the infpedion of the magistrate, for the regulation of fuch gaols, and providing the prifonen with

Direction!! b acc<lmmo^atlons 38 arc particularly direded by an aft 3 g! j. c. a8. * faffed in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, jntituledj An a% for better preventing the feverities and imjufi exaQions praflifea by gaolers againfl their pr if oners, and for tnore effectually fupporting profccutions at the fuit of the crown in cafes of felony and treafen, as alfo by another ad of the fe-*7 * i8 G.	venteenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent

3. c. 28.	^lajelly, intituled, An a8 for preferving the health of prifo-

pers in gaol, and preventing the gaol diflemper, have been hi-jiegle&ed, fherto neglected, for remedy whereof, and in order that the various, wife, and falutary regulations, contained in the two laft in part recited ads, may be more effedually carried fauJ1*nto cxec!L,t’on> ** enaded by the king’s mod excellent charge to the	Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords

grand juries^	fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parlia-

ment affembled, ‘ and' hy the authority of the fame, that from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thaufand feven hundred and eighty-three, all and every the judges of aflize and general gaol cjelivcry,*are hereby direded and required to give the above in part recited ads in charge to the grand juries of the feveral counties of cities on their rc-fpedive circuits throughout this kingdom, and to require the faid grand juries to comply therewith as far as in their power, and to make fuch preferments as are mentioned and direded in faid recited ads; and faid judges are hereby required/and direded to examine in a fiimmary manner into the ftate and fituation of the different gaols, and the con-dud of the different gaolers, and to make fuch orders, and • impofe fuch fines, in cafes of negled or mifeondud of

*Thc twenty frjl and twenty fecond Tear: of George III*.	14^

gaolers, as to them (hall feem juft, according to the circum- A. D. dances.	1781-2.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that if Chap. 42. any of the grand juries of counties or of cities throughout

this kingdom, after their having been properly called upon Grand juries and dire&ed by fuch judges, to form and make fuch pre- ^cfcntnientl^6 fentments for repair or enlargement of faid gaols, or for pro- Judges may fine, viding fuch accommodations as in faid ads are mentioned, a» herein, or for making fuch other provifions as are therein fpecified,

(ball notwithftanding negled or omit to form or make fuch prefentments or provifions before the laft day of faid arizes, that in all fuch cafes the faid judges are hereby required, di-re<fled, and impowered to impofe fuch fine or fines on faid cAunty at large, or on the county of the city, as the cafe (hall be, as they (hall deem juft and neceflary.

III.	Provided always, that fuch fine or fines (hall not ex- to exceed^ool0* ceed the fum of five hundred pounds; and fuch fine or fines,

when levied, (hall he applied to the repair or enlargement of fuch gaol, or for providing neceflary accommodations, and Tball be accounted for iu Jike manner, as if the fame had been regularly prefen ted by the refpe&ive grand juries.

IV.	Provided always, that any fine impofed upon the # Such fine le-county by the judged purfuant ]to this a&, (hall be laid in, applotted, and levied upon the county at large, in the fame * manner that prefentments made by the grand jury for county charges arc laid in, applotted, and levied.

V.	And whereas bv the charters and conftitutions, and Rcc-»r<kr*of by the laws now in being with refpedt to fevera) cities with- a™h»/»C«lq»uty in this kingdom, it is required, that the mayor, recorder, to fit at (V(lion* and one or more juftices of the peace of fuel) cities, and being a bamf-.counties of cities, fhould perfonally attend am) be prefent at rcr»

’the holding of alj feflions of tlie peace within fuch cities, and counties of cities: and whereas great inconvenieiicicsand delays of juftice have arifen from the abfence of the recorder of fuch cities, ocealioned by ficknefs, accident, or neceflary ^vocations, whereby fuch feflions cannot be holden : for remedy whereof, be it further enaefed by the authority afore* faid, that the recorder of fuch cities (hall, from and after the firft day of July next, have full power and authority, by writing under hand and fcal of fuel) recorder, in cafes of ficknefs or neceflary abfence, and with the confcnt of the chief magiftrate, to conllitute and appoint a deputy, being a barrifter at law, to fill the place of fuch recorder at fuch feflions as aforefaid, and the adjournments thereof, during the abfence of fuch' recorder from fuch feflions.

VI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, that P-ptryni-faid deputy foponftituted and appointed, fliall have the fame vv,th power and authority in all refpecta at fuch feflions, as faid rccorJc-r^1^* ** recorder would have had if perfonnily prsfent.

..... • *	CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

14.4	The twenty-firjl and twentyjecond	Tears	of	George	III.

A. P.

1781-2.	C	H	A	P.	XLV.

An A SI to explain and amend an A si pajjed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His prefer.t Majefy, incituled. An Ad for hadging fuch Poor as jhall be found - unable to Juppcrt themfelves by Labour, and otherwife providing for then : andfor refraining fuch as Jhall be found able to fuppert them»-/elves by Labour aud Indufiryfrom begging.

Recital of 11 R 12 O. 3.

c. JO.,

XX7HEREAS an aft of Parliament was made in this ^ v kingdom in the eleventh and twelfth year* of the rei^11 of his prefent Majefty, inti tied, An a8 for hadging fuch poor as Jhall be found unable to fuppoct them/,elves by la-boufi ond otherwife providing for them, and for refraining fucb as Jhall be found able to fupport themfelves by labour or indsfry from begging; and whereas by the faid aft it is eQafted, that there fhall be one body politick and corporate thereby created and erefted in every county* county of a city, and county of a town in this kingdom, confiding of the archbifliop or bifhop whofe diocefe, or any part thereof, (hall extend into fuch county, the reprefentatives in Parliament for fuch county, all the judices of the peace for fuch county, and fuch other perfons as (hall, fubferibe to fuch inditution, any fum not lefs than twenty pounds, or any fum not lefs than three pounds yearly, together with f6ch other petfons as (hall be elefted members thereof, under, and by virtue of faid aft ; which corporation have power to appoint a treafurer with a moderate falary; and whereas by the faid aft the grand juries of the feveral counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, arc empowered to prefent money on the faid counties for the purpofe of efFeftuating faid inditution ; and whereas large fums of money have been prefented agreeable thereto, and paid over to the feveral treafurers of faid corporations; and whereas feveral of the faid corporations have judged it expedient to decline or 16 uifeontinue the carrying fuch inditution into effeft, by means whereof large fums now remain in the treafurers hands, unapplied, and without any intention in fuch corporations to apply the fame ; and whereas it is juft and reasonable in all fuch cafes, that the fum fo prefented by the feveral counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, fhould be paid back to thsir refpeftive treafurers, and reprefented by the feveral and refpeftive grand juries of the fame, for the ufe of the feveral and refpeftive counties at large; and whereas in fome indances the grand juries have reprefented fu£h fums but the treafurers of fuch corporations refufie to hand over their balances agreeable to fuch presentments: in remedy whereof, be it cnafted by the King’s mod excellent Majcdy, by and

wit&

Digitized by KjOOQle

^%e tinehtytftfl And tzbentyfgcond Tears of George III.

Nsrith the advice and confent of the lords fp!ritualsand tern* poral and commons in this prefatt Parliament afiemblcd# imd by the authority of the Lame, That each of the trem-furers of fuch corporations (hall, on the firft day of each fummer afflict after the pafiing of this lay before the refpedttve grand juries a true date of the (aid charity, the ®ul^a7^ore number of perfons who have been relieved, the fcferal Amu o^nded, funds belonging to faid charity, and the balance remaining he. in theit hands) and how fat the fame has been or is intended to be carried into execution \ and if fuck treafurer or trea&rtrt treafurers (ball nceled to make fach return, he or they (hall negle&iof fe forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch negled, un* t0 <*•» lefs it (hall appear that the fame has proceeded from fome *	**	Heron.

Unavoidable neceffity, faid penalty to be recovered before the judge of affcze by civil bill, to be brought in the name of the treafurer or treafurers of fuch County or counties where fuch negle& has happened \ and if it mall appear to • the faid grand jury or grand juries, that fuch iniUtution bath been declined or difeontinued to be Carried into execution, that then, and in every filch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful, and fuch grand jury or grand juries are hereby required and impoWered to represent fuch Aims to be applied to the purpofes of the county or counties at large ; and if it (ball lb happen that after faid preferment or prefent-tnents (hall be made and confirmed by the judge, the treafurer or treafurers of faid corporations (hall in one month after demand made on him by the treafurer or treafurers of fuch countries, counties of cities, and counties 'of towns, and after being ferved with a copy of faid pre-fentmdst refufe or negk& to pay over the fame, he (hall forfeit, over and above the balance due, a fum equal to doable the Altered of the balance remaining in his hands, to be recovered in the name of fuch treafurer or treafurers of fuch ttmntiea, for the ufc of fuch county or counties, on a fuit to be inftitnted in any of bis Msyefty’s courts of record, fot that purpofe-

II.	Provided always, That if any fuch corporation (hall Soch corps* think thetafrlm aggrieved by fuch preferment, they may tttfvttfe the fame, and proceed to trial thereof in the man- ment. lc ner that traverfers to other piefentments are tried.

lit. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That AndifAich Whenever fuch indentions hath or have been declined ordif-Continued, and that the grand jury or grand juries of fuch ^repr*?* counties, Counties of cities, and counties of towns, have, fented byQ. or ally of them hath, previous to the palling of this a&, Jtc. presented the money in the hands of the treafurer of fuch corporations to be applied for the ufe of fuch county, or counties at large, in fuch cafe the treasurer (hall on demand and notice as aforefaid, hand over to the treafurer of fuch Vou VII.	K	county

*45

A. D. 1781-2. Chap. 4£.

treafurer*

Digitized by



The twenty-Jufi amt twenty-fecund Tears of George 111.

county or counties the balance in his hands, if the fame does not exceed the amount of filch prefentment or preferments, under the like penalties, and recoverable in like aoannerat aforefaid.

IV.	Provided, That no fteps have been taken, fubfe-quent to fuch prefentment, to have faid iriftitution carried into execution.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Ad to promote Trade and Manufacture, by regulating and encouraging Pat tnerjhips.

WHEREAS the cncreafmg the ftock of money employed in trade and manufa&ure, mull greatly promote the commerce and profperity of this kingdom, aid many perfons might be induced to fubfenbe fuma of money to men well qualified for trade, but not of competent foe-tune to carry it on largely if they were allowed to abide by the profit or lofs of trade for the fame, and were not to be deemed traders on that account, or fubjeCl thereby to lay further or other demands than the fums fo fubferibed ; be ii enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by Any number the authority of the fame. That any number of peribos of perfons may may from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, oae ihip “EST thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two, by deed or inftru-* ment of partnerfhip, under their hands and feals, executed in the prefence of two or more fubferibing witnefies, and to be rcgiftcred as herein after mentioned, enter into a joint trade or co-partner(hip for the purpofe of buying and feflitrg in the grofs, or by wholefale, or for eftablilhing or canryiiq* on any manufacture or bufinefs for any term not exceeding .fourteen years, but determinable at any (horter period, in fuch manner and upon fuch conditions as (hall be agreed upon by fuch partnerfhip-deed; and that the faid co-partners ,	or fome of them fo executing the laid deed, lhall thereby

bind themfelves to pay in money towards a joint flock, fiich fums as they lhall refpe&ively think fit, fuch joint ftock however not to be in any one of fuch companies or co-part-nerfhips lefs in the whole than one thoufand pounds, or more than fifty thoufand pounds.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afom-ma UnonSwi	That the faid fubferibers or co-partners may by fuch

admg°pcrfons, partnerfhip-deed, nominate and appoint from amongft them-as herein. felves one or more perfon or perfuns, to manage, condud, or carry on faid trade, bufinefs, or manufa&ure, in whole name and names whilft living and continuing in credit, with a	the

Frovife

Aswadri



Digitized by LjOoq le

*Thr Vwcniyjirft and twenty-fecund Tears of George III.

the addition of ** and company/' the bufinefs of faid partner-fliip (hail be tranfaCted and carried on, and foch petfon or fjer* ions, fo nominated and appointed, {hall be ealltdthe acting partner or partners of the laid co-partnerfhip or company, and fuch a&ing partner or partners, and his or their perfon or perfons, lands, goods, and chattels, (hall to all intents and purpofes be as fubjeCt to the laws againft bankrupts for and on account of the faid partuerihip debts, as if fuch aCting partner or partners had traded upon his or their own account, and without any connexion in trade, with the faid other partners or fubferibers.

III.	And be it further cnaCted by the authority afore- Remaining faid, That the remaining fubferibers or co-partners, who partners called (hall not have the actual management or conduct of faid tra,de, bufinefs, or manufacture, and whofe names (hall not Lrtnei(hip not be mentioned in the firm of faid company, (hall be itiled liable to their anonymous partners of faid company, and no debts or en- debts &#. gagements of fuch anonymous partners, or any of them on what ground foever contracted, (hall charge or affeCt the other partners, or the faid partnerfhip dock, as debts du< by the faid partnerfhip or company, nor (hall fuch ano* nymous partners, or any of them, be fubjeCt to any contracts or engagements of fuch a&ing partner or partners, or to any lofs or mifearriage which may happen in the faid* partnerfhip bufinefs, further or otherwife than as herein after mentioned.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaia, Anonymobs ^That each fubferiber or co-partner, called or fliled as before partners at tuna anonymous partner, (hall at fhe time of his execution of the articles, or deed of co-partnerfhip, actually pay to faid ad- (han pay ing partner or partners of faid company towards the further herein, capital (lock thereof, a fum not lefs than one fourth part of the fum by him fubferibed and mentioned in the faid articles of partnerfhip as his proportion, and (hall pay or tender in cafh the remaining three fourths of the fum fo fubferibed by him to fuch adiug partner or partners if living and without any demand at the end of twelve calendar months after the execution of the faid partnerlhip deed at furtheft, or at fuch days and times within the faid twelve months, and in fuch proportions as for that purpofe fiiall be limited by the faid partnerfhip deed or agreement, and that too without any demand by the faid aCting partner or partners; and in cafe any of the faid anonymous co-partners, his executors, ' or administrators, (hall negleCt or refufe to pay or tender tQ the faid a£ing partner or partners, the faid three fourths, at the times and in manner afbrefaid, he (hall abfolutcly for* feit for the benefit of the faid other partners, and thfc part, nerfhip creditors, the faid one fourth f<? paid by him, anil all profits of the faid trade arifitig during the faid partner.

& *	fa	ip,

Digitized by Gck _ ___

Tbt twentyfirfl and ttotntyfieond Ttan tf George III.

A. D. (hip, from the (aid one fourth of his &M fobfcription fo

1781-2.	.	paid or depo&tcd as aforefaid by him, and ihafi no longer be

-Chap. 4G. deemed or confidered as one of the laid co-partners; and V—moreover m cafe of a failure of the find pcftnerfhip fmfi-nefs, he, his heirs, executors, and admmimftors, (hall be fubjeft to pay the (aid partnerfhip creditors, any ftim or '	Turns of money which may be wanting to fatisfy their de-

mands, not exceeding the faid three fourths of the fum fo by him originally fobfcribed or agreed to be paid, but if at the end or other diffolution of the (aid partnerfhip, the (aid trade (hall have turned out fo beneficial, that each of the faid partners fttaM have received his principal money, with interdft from the time or times of payment thereof, then and in fuch cafe, the one fourth fo paid by fuch forfeiting partner, (hall, by the afting partner or partners, his executors or adminiftmtors, be renmded and repaid to the (aid forfeiting partner or partners, his execotors, admix&iftrators,

/	or affigns, but without any intereft or profits.

A full account V. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore-to t>c nude um.e faid, That a foil account or reft in writing, (hall be made a year, &c. <)nce ;n every year, or oftner, of aH the goods, wares, and merchandises, bonds, bills, and notes,debts, monies, and other elFeils of or belonging to (aid co-partnerfhip, and of all debts owing by them, and a fair balance (truck of the wliole, and of each particular partner’s (hare, and ftgned by the afting partner or partners, and at lead two thirds of the (aid anonymous partners, or their refpeftive attorneys for that pnrpofe lawfully conftituted* with the approbation of the faid pailnert.

Aim! each VI. And be k further enafted by the authority aforefaid, partner *m:iy - That each of the faid anonymous partners, his executors or take out at fuch adminifir«itOrs, (hall and may receive and take out of faid

!u herein1* &t* PartnCT^'P a^ter a ju^ ao<* Settlement of accounts as above-mentioned, and not before* half and no more of his or their (hare or proportion of the.#net profits made by (aid company on the fums paid in by diem fevcrally and rcfpec-tively, and the rcfidue of the profits and any fum or fums -■ of money paid by a forfeiting partner, or partners as aforefaid, and the profits thereof, (hall go towards cncreafe of fuki capital or joint (lock, until the expiration of the term of their co-partnerihip.

Aronvmon* VII. *Vn<lbe it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

! «t?in£ That f„ch anonymous partner or partners, having really and and complyhig ^onnfule paid or tendered the full fum in calh by him fob-ax herein not - feribed and fpecified in fuch partnerfhip deed, at fuch times fuhjca to bank- as herein before mentioned, and who (hall not aft contrary to rupt law*, Sec. the truc intent and meaning of this aft, in any of the in-Ihmces Iterein after ex prefled, (hall not be fubjeft to any-of the kiws againbankrupts, or to any greater iofs, charges, '	or

Digitized by Google

rife**.



Wr tmmtj-jir/l mi twafyfetmd Yeqn of George III.

or damages, for or on account of hit or their haring entered into Such paitnerhip, than the full fum or Aunt fo by hha or them fubferibed and paid, and fuch proportion of the promts thereof at it herein before dire&ed to be held over to the end of the foid partnership, at the utmofl, or foch .proportion of foch full fum fo fubfenbed, and the profits therqnf not received at may be necefiary to make full payment and difoharge of all the (aid partnership debts and engagements ; and that in cafe a failure (hall happen in fuch partnership bufineft, or it Shall be diffclved by the death of an a&iog partner, or on the terms of fuch partnerfhip deed, before the time or timet (hall have come for the payment of the three fourths of the (aid fubfeription*, that then, and in foeh cafe, each and every of fuch anonymout partners conforming to thit a&, his, or their heirs, executors, or ad* mmiftntors, (hall be bound only to pay fuch remaining three fourths, or fuch part thereof, or fo much as may be necef-fary, with intcreft from the time or timet limited by the laid partnership deed, for the payment thereof, towards the fa-tisfo&ion or difoharge of the (aid partnership debts, and Shall not be fobjed to any further loft or damage whatfo*

ever.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore. Partnerihip (aid. That po partnerihip to be formed purfoant to thit a&, not diflbWcd by (ball be diffolved by t^e death of bankruptcy of all or any death, ftc. except of the (aid anonymous partners during the term of the (aid	**7

partnership, unkft it Shall be otherwifo agreed by the laid aad the (hare partnerfhip deed, and the legal perfonal reprefentative or re- of fuch dead or prefontatives of fuch anonymous partner to dying, and the bankrupt pan-affignees of fuch foiling anonymout partner, or foch perfon or perfons who (hall on a public^ auction buy and become t/hcrem/9 sffignee or affignees of the (hare and intcreft in the foid partnership of foch deceafed or foiliog anonymous partner, (hall Stand in the place of fuch deceafed or fading partner during the term of the foid partnership, and be an anonymous partner, or partners, upon payment of fuch part of the faid deceafed or foiling partners fubfeription, if any Shall not have been paid; and in default of payment thereof, whether for want of affett or representation, or otherwife, the fumt be&re paid, though exceeding one fourth part of the fum febferibed by fuch deceafed or failing partner or partners, and the profits thereof are to be forfeited in fuch manner at herein before mentioned, as to the one fourth of the foid fubfeription ; aad where there are two pr more a&ing partners, the deaths or bankruptcy of any of them, during the term of the foid partnerfhip, whiltt one (hall furvive in full credit, and pot a bankrupt, (hall not diffolve the foid partnerihip, unjefa it Shall he otherwifo agreed by the foid article! of partnership*

IX* Provided

Digitized by

Google

V

as cxifting wh*re one idling partner in fall crodit, as herein.

Neither original partners, nor purchaser of deceafed partners (hare (hall fell, hut

The Huentyjirjl anJ twenty fectmd Tears of George III.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where there (hall be one afting

Sartner in full credit, and not a bankrupt, fuch partnerfhip tall be deemed to exifl during the time for years by fuch Said partner- partnerfhip deed deftined for its continuance, notwithftand-a*lexift^neCIC<l *ng ^at ^y events fpecified in fuch partnerihip-deed, it may be diflolved or diffolvable before thje effluxion of fuch term for years, unlefs the diflolution of fuch partnerfhip (hall have teen twice advertized in the Dublin Gazette, and an entry made in the regifteris books oppofite to, or immediately under the entry of the regiftry of fuch partnerfhip, importing the diflolution of fuch partnerfhip, and* fubferibed by fome fee to regifter one or more of the faid partners, and truly dated, and for S«.	which faid laft mentioned entry the regiller (hall be intitkd to

receive five (hillings.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That none of the faid original partners, northe purchafer oc purchafers of the (hare or (hares of a deceafed or failing partner, (hall have liberty during the term of faid partnerfhip,

^	to fell or difpofe of his or her (hare in fuch partnerfhip

herdxl.term,, M dealing, fo 38 t0 obtrude another perfon as partner in the faid company, unlefs upon fuch terms and with fuch consents a? ftialt be fpecified in the faid partnerfhip deed, or with the confent of all the other partners, and even after fuchc transfer, the original partner, unfeft he (hall have previoufly ' paid or depofit^d with the ailing partner or partners his full iubfeription 6s aforefaid, (hall (tand bound by this aft, in fuch manner, as if fufti transfer had not been made Until the partner accepted in his ftead(hall have fulfilled his engagement.

XI.	And he it further enafted by the authority afore-feid, That each and every of the faid companies or co-part-nerfhip8 may as well after as before the determination of the faid partner(hip, fue and be fued during the life of the original afting partner, if there (hall be but one fuch original afting partner* or during the lives of the original afting partners, if there (hall be two or more of them, and whilii fuch original hft-ing partner or partners fhaH remain in credit* and not a bankrupt or bankrupts, by the firm, Me, and title to be afiumed by thfcm purfuatit to this aft ; and in cafe of the death or bankruptcy of a foie original afting partner* then in the name of the perfonal' representative or aflignees of fuch foie original afting partner, and where there (hall be two or more original afting partners, then in cafe of the death or deaths,, or bankruptcy of one or more of the (aid original afting partners, then in the names or name of the furvivors or furvivor, others of other of the faid original •fting partners* not being a bankrupt or bankrupts* and in |fee n^mc .pr names of the legal perfonal representative of

fcid|

Said partner*

Slip to fue and e fued, as (icrcin.

Digitized by

Google

*The fuxentffrft and twenty-fecond Tears of George I IF.	15X

fuch furvivor or other of fuch two or more original a<5h‘ng A*.** X>. partners ; but if fuch a&mg partners in cafe of two or more1 1781-2. ' of them, or fuch ading.partner if there ihall be but one, Chap. 46.' fhall all become bankrupts or bankrupt, then fuch fuits fhall be carried on for and againft fuch partnerihip or company in the dames of the aflignees of fuch of the faid acting partners as laft became bankrupt, and in cafe any bill fhall be filed in a court of equity againft any fixrh partnerihip or company by the firm aforefaid, it fhall not be necefiary to make all or any of the faid anonymous partners parties thereto^; and no injun&ion fhall iffue without fpecial caufej for want of tbc anfwer of fuch anonymous partners, or any of them, if the adting partner or partners fhall have an-fwcred fuch bill, or obtained time fo fo do, without an injunction.

XII.	Provided always, That in cafe theaffignee or af-

fignees of any fuch adting partner or partners, fhall not con- not to bc ^ lider himfelf or themfelves as interefted in the event of any name of affig. fuch fuit or fuits fo to be profecuted or defended as aforefaid, ne«S 8rc* that then and in fuch cafe, the name or names of fuch af-fignee or aflignees, fhall not be made ufe of by the other • -! partner pr partners, or their reprefentatives, without a previous and fufficient indemnity given or tendered to fuch af-fignee or aflignees againft all cofts, charges, and damages, which (hall or may attend the profecution or defence of fuch fuit or fuits.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the. No partner-authority aforefaid. That no partnerfhip fhall be confidered conhdcred as formed or eftablifhed under the fandtion of this a<ft, unlefe a^^iuSefs« every fuch partnerihip deed, or memorial thereof, fhal], be-

fore the commencement of fuch partnerfhip, or within ten days at the moft after the commencement thereof, be r^-giftered in the publick regiftry office in Dublin for regiftering deeds, purfuant to the ftatutes in that cafe made and provided, and in fuch manner as thereby and herein directed or Yequired, for which regiftry fuch fees Ihall be paid as fuch regiftcr is now by the law entitled to receive for other deeds regiftered in the faid office; and in confideration thereof, fuch regifter fhall kdep feparate and diftin£ti books for the regiftry of ftich partnerihip deeds or articles, and feparate and diftinft alphabets, dnd in all other iefpe&s do and perform what is by law incumbent upon him to do and perform with refpect to the regiftfy of the deeds of lands, and his -certificate fhall be evidence as in cafe of other regiftered deeds 5 and every memorial of fuch partnerfhip deed fhall . %. contain the day and year when fuch deeds„ bear date, and the names and additions of all the parties thereto, diftin- ‘ guifhing which of them are the a&ing parties and which of

them

Digitized by Google

*52 A. D. 1781*4. Chip. 46.

AH debts,

Sec. between a&iog and uk* nymotts partners prior to deed of part* nerfhip, not difclofcd, void,

And ertnf-

a&iom after deed of part-^crihip, ber tween anonym snovs and adr iajg partners, with confem of majority of partners valid-

*The tvunty-jirjl and twmty-fccond Years of George HI.

them anonymous, and the fums by them refpc&ivcly fob* (bribed and agreed to be paid to make up a (lock for the (aid company, and the time from which fuch partnerihip is to commence, the term for which it is to continue, and every fuch memorial (hall he under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of the acting partner, or of all ading partners if there (hall be two or more of them, and attefred by two witneffcSj one whereof (hall be witnefg to the execution of fuch deed, who (haH by affidavit to be made before the (aid regifter or his deputy prove the figning and fealing of the faid memorial, and the execution of the (aid deed by all the parties thereto, or their lawful attoraies, and the pay* ip.ent in caih or fjood bank notes of the (aid oue fourth of the faid fubfcription money to fuch a&ing partner or partners by each of tbe faid other partners who (haH fubferihe to the faid frock, and alfo the day and time of the delivery of fuch memorial to the register or his deputy.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* faid, that all com rads, debts, and engagements fubfifring'at the time of the execution of the (aid partnerihip deed between the faid anonymous partners or any of them, and the laid ading partner or partners, or any of them, or as bail or feeurity for each other refpedively, which (hall not be fully difclofed and made know n at or before the execution of tl\e fard'partnerihjp deed to all the faid partners, teftified cither by the faid partnerihip deed, or fume other writing, frgned by all the faid partners, and attefred by two or more credible witneffes, and alfo every kind of dealing wharibcY# in the way of buying, felling, fadorage, exchange, difeount, loan of money, or otherwife, between the (aid anonymous partners or any of them, or any perfon or perfons in truft for-them or any of them* and the faid ading partner or part-, pers, or any of them, or any perfon or perform in trufr for them, or any of them, after the execution of the {aid part* perfhip deedj which (hall not be allowed and approved by * majority of the f*id partners, by infrruments under the hands, and be attefred as aforefaid, (hall be utterly void to all intents and purpofrs, as between fuch ading partner and partners and fuch anonymous partner aad partners.

XV,	provided aforays* and be it further cnaded by the authority ^fprefaid, that if any dealings or tranfadions what-(bever, from and after the execution of the (aid partnerihip deed between the (kid anonymous partners, or any of them, and the ($id a,ding partner or partners, or any of them, (ball by a majority of tb? (kid partners pr comj*ny be permitted and allowed as aforefaid, that every debt and engager meat of every fuch anonymous partner or partners, in confe-qucnce of fuch dealings, (hall be paid and performed to fuch flying partner or partners, at fuch tfoics, and in fuch maife

’ '' 1	' m

i

Digitized by

Google

The tmwfyjujl and ttveuty-fecond Tears of George III*

ner, as the fame ought to be paid and performed by any other debtor to the Dud company, and with the like remedies for the recovery thereof, and without any colour or pae-tencc of equity wbatfoerer, to withhold, or poftpone the payment of the Dune, fbr or .on account of fudi anonymous partner or partners (hare or interrft in the laid capital Hock, or the profits thereof.

XVI.	Provided always, that if any anonymous partner, or Partners or sop perfon who by transfer (hall or may, as afordaid, be representative* admitted to Hand, or who by reprefeutation or bankruptcy Audi Hand in the place of any fuch anonymous partner, (hall appear to thq lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiifioners for the great teal for the time being, in this kingdom, either oa*n hearing upon affidavits, in a luminary way, or in fuch other manner as the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or couvniffioners for the great leal, (hall, for that purpose di-red, to have made any colourable or fi&itioui payments or payment to the ading partner or partners of all or any part of the fum fubfcribed by the faid partnerfhip deed, or by any means whatsoever, during the faid paitnerihip, knowingly to have gotten or received any greater proportion of the profits of the faid partneribip dealing, than is allowed to aay fuch anonymous partner by this ad, or to have done, or canfed to be done, or to have confented to the doing of any matter or thing to elude the provifions made by this ad, or to deceive or defraud any of his co-partners, or any creditor or creditors of faid partnerfhip, that then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch perfon fo offending, (hall be as fubjed to the laws agsinff bankrupts, as if fuch perfon or fubjca tm {ttrfous originally were an ading partner or partners in the bankrupt laws, faid company i any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding,

^XVII. And be it further enaded by Ac authority afore- A£tingpart. Hud, that any fuch ading partner or partners, who lhall ?crs notkeep-not, during the term of fuch partnerfhip, keep honeftly and b^ks a^ hL-c-fairly a book or books, in which lhall be entered an ac- in, &c. count of all his or their dealings, bills of exchange, drawn, endorfed, or accepted by him or them, and of his or their debts and credits, as weU on account of the faid partnerfhip, as on the foot of any other private dealing or dealings whatsoever, and of his or their expences in houfe-keeping, and who (hall not make out an inventory once in every year, during the term of the faid partnerfhip, in fuch book or books, of all the faid partnerfhip effeds, and his or their private effeds (fave furniture and wearing apparel) and of the debts and credits on the foot of the faid partnerfhip, his or their private dealings (if any) fpecifying the profits and Ioffes on the fame, for the time being, or who (hall make Jffe of any money, bills, notes, or any other fecurities, or

of

Digitized by v^ooQle

or who i nfe money or credit of part* nerihip on private account, <cc»

forfeit to anonymous partner aoL per cent, for every icol fo mif-applied, &c

Bankers or (hops felling by retail not within this a&.

The tvsentyfrjl and twewtyfecemd Team of George III. .

of any goods, wares, effe&s, or merchandizes belonging to any fuch partneifhip, or who (hall makcudb'of the firm or arsditof any fuch partnerfhip, to miie any fum of money, whatsoever, or to contract any debt whatioem* fave for the nfe, pnrpofe, and benefit of foch partoerfhip* or who toad wilfully and ddigaiedlyrcfule, neglect*. Or .delay to date and fettle accounts with his or their co partners; and toiiand over to them refpe&ively fueh balance. or balances, fum And fums of money, as fhali puefuant to) the true intent aad meaning of this act,, and*;the deed ordeals of partnerfhip /entered into with the perfon or perfons Xo refufing, negle&-ing, or delaying, that then,^ and in every fnefe cafe, it fhali and may be lawful to and forlbe laid anonymous partner or partners to dedu&, and recover out of the capital flock and the produce thereof of fuch aftifig partner or partners foof* fending the fum of twenty pounds for each bundled pounds of fuch capital (lock and the produce thereof of fuch a&ing partner or partners fo offending as aforefaid, over and above and without prejudice to any remedy or relief either at law or in equity, which fuch anonymous partner or partners might or could have for or on account of any fuch negle& or mHcondu& as aforefaid, of fuch a&ing partner or partners, if no fuch provision to prevent the fame had been madf by this prefent a6t.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed *by the authority aforefaid. That no co-part nerihip for carrying on the bufinefs of bankers or difcouriters of money for (hop-keepers felling by retail, (hall be confidered as formed under this a&, or to receive any fandion or benefit therefrom ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wiff notwithflandi ng.

CHAP. XLVII.

An Aft to regulate the Manner of faffing Bills, and to prevent Di lays in jummoning of Parliament.

No bills, to be certified to G B but fuch as approved by by both h*-tiles of parliament, Stc.

'\^^HEREAS it is expedient to regulate the manner of , . * palling bills in this kingdom, be it enaded by the King’* mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom, for the time be-ing, do and (hall certify all fuch bills, and none other, a& both houfts of Parliament (hall judge expedient to be enaded in this kingdom, to hid Majefty, his heips and fucceffors* under the great feal of this kingdom, without addition, diminution, or alteration*

II. And

i

Digitized by

Google

tThe tmsentyfirjl and twenty-fecund Yean of George I1L

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid, That all fuch bill# as (hall be To certified to hia Majefty, his heirs and faccefibrs, under the great feal of this kingdom* and returned into the fame under the great feal of Great JMtain, without addition, diminution, or alteration, and none other fhall pafs in the Parliament of this kingdom ; any former law*, ftaiute, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That no bill (hall be certified into Great Britain, as a caufe or confederation for holding a Parliament in this kingdom, hut that Parliaments may be holden in this kingdom, although no fuch bill (hall have been certified previous to the meeting thereof.

IV.	Provided always. That no Parliament (hall be holden in this kingdom until a licence for that purpofe (hall be firft had and obtained from his Majefty, his heirs aad fucceffors, finder the great feal of Great Britain.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An A8 for extending certain of the Prow font 9 contained in ' an A&y intituled. An Ad confirming ail the Statutes made in England\

WH E R E A S by an a& of Parliament made in this kingdom in the tenth year of the reign-of his late Majefty King Henry the feventh, intituled, Ail Ad. for confirming all the Jlatutes made in England, all fuch ftatutes therefore made in England, as concerned the common weal of the realm were confirmed in this kingdom: and whereas after that time, and particularly upon otxrafion of the rebellions which fubfiited in this kingdom in the years one thou* land fix hundred and forty-one, and one thoufand fix hundred and eighty-eight, divers ftatutes were made in the Parliament of England, and fince the union in the Parliament of Great Britain, for fettling and alluring the forfeited and other eftates in this kingdom, and for the regulation of trade, and other purpofes : and whereas it is at all times expedient to give every aflurance, and to remove every apprehenfion concerning the title of lands; and whereas it is the earned and affe&ionate defire, as well as the true intcrcft of your Majefty’8 fubje&s of this kingdom to promote, as far as in them lies, the navigation, trade, and commercial in-terefts of Great Britain as well as Ireland; and whereas a, * iinftarity of laws, manners, and cuftoms, muft naturally conduce to ftrengthen and perpetuate that afFe&ion and harmony which <do, and at all times ought to' fubfift between tile people of Great Britain and Ireland : be it ena&ed by

And fuch a£ts returned under feal of G. B. not slewed, lhall pafs, but no other.

No bill to be be certified for holding a parliament in this kingdom.

No par train eot to be held without licence under the great feal of G. fi.

9

Digitized by v^ooQle

<56 A. D. f7$i 2.

AU ftarutra for fating for-kircd clUtts, Jkc *s herein,

to be of force in toi» kingdom.

So long as they bind fnb-jea» of G. B.

And all Eng* lift laws re* fpeaing flile or calendar, dec.

to be as

hcrctoloic,

Tlx twentyfirjl amt iwenfy-fecond Tears of George III.

the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and couient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That all flatutes heretofore made in England or Great Britain, for the fettling and affurtag the forfeited eHates in this kingdom, and alfo all private fta-tutes made in England or Great Britain, under which any lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom, or any eftate or mtercfl therein, are, or is holden or claimed, or which any way concern the title thereto, or any evidence ret'pe&ing the fame ; and alfo all fuch claufes and pnivifions contained in any flatutes made in England or Great Britain, concerning commerce, as import'to impofe equal reftraints on the fubje&s of England and Ireland, or of Great Britain and Ireland, and to entitle them to equal benefits; and alfo all fuch claufes and provisions contained in any flatutes made a * aforefaid, as equally concerning the feamea of Eng* land and Ireland, or of Great Britain and Ireland, Cave fo far as the fame have becu altered or repealed, (hall be accepted, ufed, and executed in this kingdom, according to the prefent tenor thereof iefpe6f Ively.

II.	Provided always, That all fuch flatutes, fo far as aforefaid, concerning commerce, fhall bind the fubjed* of Ireland only, fo long as they continue to bind the fubje£t& of Great Britain.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch flatutes made in England or Great Britain, as concern the flile or calendar, and alfo all fuch claufes and provifions contained in any flatutes made as aforefaid, as relate to the taking any oath or oaths, or making or fubferibing any declaration or affirmation in this kingdom, or any penalty or difability for omitting the fame, or relate to the continuance of aiiy office, civil or military, or of any commiffion, or of any writ, procefs, or proceeding at law or in equity, or in any court of delegacy or review, in cafe of a demife of the crown, fhall be accepted, ufed, and executed in this kingdom, accordiag to the psc-fejit tenor of the fame refpe&ively.

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act for Rcdrcfs of erroneous Judgments, Orders, mmJ Decrees.	,	v

frroucous \ T 7JIEREAS erroneous judgments, orders, and de-judgraenu, Sec. VV creeR, ought only to be reformed finally in the high to be finally court of Parliament in this kingdom ; be it declared and cna&cd by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with J^Uan^pt°Q| tte advice and confeot q£ the lords fpiritual and temporal*

and



'* ' »

Digitized by L^ooQle

Tie twMjfrJI and t&ettiy-fccond Tears of George III.

and commons m this prefcnt - Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from henceforth all fuch judgments, orders, and decrees, (haU be finally examined and reformed in the high court of Parliament in this kingdom, only; aay law, ftatute, or practice to the contrary -thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

Hi Provided always and be it enaffced by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall invalidate or affe& any judgment, order, or decree which has been given or made in Great Britain, previous to the firft day of June, one thoufimd feven hundred and eighty-two, but that the fame (hall remain ift full force; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III. And be it enabled by the .authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time bong, to grant warrants for fealing writs of error returnable into Parliament, and that the fum of three pounds fhall be paid to the cur fit or for every fuch writ of error by the party applying for the fame, to be diftributed in fuch manner as the lord high chancellor (haU dite&.

CHAP. L.

*iJ7

A. D.

this kingdom oalj.

Not to invalidate anf decree made »w G B. before id June 178s.

Lord lirote* nant, Sec. may' grant warrant*. Sic a* herein.

An AS for /touting the Independency of Judges, and the impartial Adminif ration of Juft:ce.

WHEREAS the independency of the judge* of the	Commiflion*

knd is efTential to the impartial adminiftration of ofjadgeitocon-juftice, and highly conducive to the fupport of the honour behaviour of the crown, and the feeurity of the ri^its and liberties of \c. the people ; be it ena&ed by the Kmg’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri trial and temporal and commons in this prefent parKa-ment afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the pafling of this a&, the prefent, and all future commiffions of judges for the time being, fhall continue and remain in full force daring their good behaviour; and that the fame fhall continue and remain in full force during the term aforefaid, notwithftanding the demife of the King (whom God long preferve) or of any of his heirs or fucceftors; any law, ufage, or practice to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Salaries, &c. all fuch falaries and appointments as have befep or (haU he to jndge* to be granted by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, to any judge P^d* or judges, (hall in aU times coming be paid and payable to every tuck judge and judges for the time -bcipg, io long-as

the

Digitized by

Google

Hi* Majefty may remove any judge or judge*.

The twentfjitjl and twentyfeeond Tern of George lit.

the patents or commiffions of them, or any of them re* fpedively, (hall continue and remain in force.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majcfty, his heirs and fuccefTors, to remove any judge or judges upon the addrefs of both houfes of Parliament; any thing herein to the contrary thereof in any wife aotwith-

C HAP. LI.

An A3 to amend an A3* intituled. An A3 for remitting of Prifoners» with their Indictments, by the fufticts of His Majefty's Court of King's Bench, to jbe Places where the Crimes were committed.

Recital of xt & iiG. 3. «• 34.

WH E R E A S\by an ad pafled in the ekvemh ani twelfth years of his Majefty's reign, intituled, An a3 far the remitting of prisoners, with their indithneate, by the jufiscet of hie Mayejty's court of King's-bench, to the places where the crimes were committed, it is recited, that perfons indided for high treafon may remove as well their bodies as their indidments, into the court of King’s bench, if that court (hall think fit, and cannot by order of law be remitted or fent down to the juftices of gaol delivery, or of the peace, or other juftices or commiffioners, to proceed upon them: and it is therefore and thereby enaded, that in every fuch cafe, the juftices of the KingVbench (hall have full authority and power to remand and fend down, as well the bodies of all fuch perfons as their indidments, into the counties where fuch high treafon or felony are or (hall be charged in (aid indidments to be committed or done, and to command all juftices of gaol delivery, juftices of the peace, and all other juftices and commiffioners of Oyer and Terminer, and every of them, to proceed and determine upon all the afbrefeid bodies and indidments fo removed after the courfe of the common law, in fuch manner as the fahl juftices of gaol delivery, juftices of the peace, and other commiffioners, or any of them might or (hould have done if the faid prifoners or indid-ments had never been brought into the faid KingVbench; where the body, ft°d whereas the (aid ad does not extend to cafes where the dtc. removed to body of perfons indided for high treafon or felony as afore-C. of K. B. by faid, or their indidments, are removed into the court of KingVbench, at the fuit of the crown ; therefore be it en-aded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and wkh the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme, That the juftices of the King’s

bench

the crown, be it eroded that the J. of K. B. may remove fuch bodies &c. U herein.

Digitized by L^ooQle

The twentyfitjk arid’fiwentyftAmd Tears of George Ilf.	159

bench (hall have fall power and authority by their difcretions to remand and fend down, as well the bodies of all fuch per-foiis as their indi&mems, into tlie counties where fuch high treafon and felony* are or fliall be charged to be committed 1 or done, and that in all cafes where fuch indi&ments are removed, cither hr the defendant, or at the fuit of the crown, to command all juftices of gaol delivery, juftices- of the peace, and other juftices, and commiffioners of Oyer and Terminer, and every of them, to proceed and determine upon all the aforefaid bodies and indidments fo removed, in fuch manner as the fame juftices of gaol delivery, juftices of the peace, and other commiffioners or any of them might •rfhould have done, if the faid prifoners or indi&ments had never been brought into the faid King’s-bench.

CHAP. LIE

An Aft to oblige Cbureh~Waretens to account, purfuant to an

Aft for the better keeping Churches in Repair, and to make G. 3. 27. a. the Cathedral Church of Ferns, the Farijh Church of the Parijb of Ferns.

: it ’

•"VfcjTHEREAS church-wardens frequently do negled 3G 2. c. it.

* V*>3 to fue for and recover from their immediate prede- **• cn^orcc^* cefforaldaeizhoney which ought to have been colle&ed or accounted1 f^r by their faid predeceffors in manner as authorized by ftatute of the third year of King George the fecond, intituled. An a& for the better keeping churches in repair / be on n€K]c^ 0f it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with church-war-the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, dens to fue pre-and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by	as	^

the authority of the fame. That in all cafes where church-	*

wardens (hall neglcd for the fpace of fix calendar months, to fue their faid predeceffors for a negled or refufal to colled parifh ceffes, or having commenced a fuit or fuits for that purpofe againft them within the faid time, (hall ne-gled to profecute the fame with ' effed, that then it (hall	,

and may be lawful to and for the bifhop or ordinary of the diocefe in which every parifh, union, or chapelry fo affefTed (hall lie, to fue for and recover for the ufes for which fuch afteffment was made (after a dedudion of the plaintiffs cofts bifhop oror-of fuch fuit or fuits) from the faid church-wardens or per- dinsry may fue. fons, or either of them fo reftrfing or negledmg, purfuant to the power given by the faid recited ad, to fue or profe- glc&ing. cute their prcdecefTors for not colleding parifh cefles, all and every the fum and Aims of money mentioned and contained in the applotment delivered to the faid neat prede-ceffors of the faid church-wardens, fo to be fued by the laid bifhop or ordinary.

IL And

Amended 20

Digitized by v^ooQle

And bilhop or ordinary may foe church-'

dent, &c.

Aod if the fum does not exceed lol. mar fne hj civil bill at aficaea, &c. as herein.

All a£b done in the cathedral' church of Saint Kdan, See. at herein.

Thi hmewtfjurfl ami tumtffiimi Tmtj afGtorgc lit

IL And be it furthsifctna&ed by the authority aforeftid. That in all cales where church-wardens bare accounted, but by refuftl or ncgled, after a demand made to pay the balance! of fucb accounts remaining in their hands to the fuc-ceeding chtinch-wardeiu, have udneded thcmfelves to be fued for fuch balances by their fucccflbra, purfuant to the (aid recited a&, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch bilhop or ordinary as aforefirid, to foe for and recover for fuch ufcs, and with fuch dedu&ion of cojfU u afore (aid, fuch balances of account from the chureh-wir-dens or perfons, or either of them, refuting or neglecting to fue of profccute their (aid predecctibrs for the balances of their accounts, purfuant to the power given to them by tht (aid recited ad.

III.	And be it enafted by the Authority afbrefaid, That in cafes where the fum to be claimed by the bid bilhop of ordinary a gain ft church-wardens for negle&ing to fiie their' predecefTor^ purfuant to this and the (aid reoted-ad, does not exceed the fum of twenty pounds ftcriing, the fan* may be fo fued for and recovered by the faid bilhop or ordinary by civil bill at the general affizes to be held for the county where fuch parilh, union, or cbapelry fo aflc&d Ires, or if fuch parim, union, or chapdry (hall be yFlte county of the city of Dublin, or the libci ties thereof, then in the civil bill court of the city of Dublin hekhfcfafbre thr recorder of the faid city $ and in cafes where anp^ ftpeh Aim or fums fo to be claimed by the faid bilhop or ordinary as* dcr this ad exceeds twenty pounds (ferling, the fame to be fired for and recovered by the faid bilhop or ordinary, by adson of debt, bill, or plaint in aay of ni3 Majcfty5* four courts in Dublin.

IV.	And whereas the mother church of the parilh of Ferns, hath been in rums (or a time pad the memory of man: and whereas the cathedral church of Saint Edan* otherwrfe Mogue Ferns, fituate in the town of Ferns, hath been hitherto made nft of from its convenient fituatioo to all parts of faid parilh, to ftrre for iH the legal purpofes of a parilh church within ftid parilh ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all ad* heretofore had and done in (aid cathedral church, as tbtf mother chutch of faid parilh, (hall foe and are hereby declared to be as good and valid in law to all intents and pnxpofes as if the faid cathedral church had been the mother church of faid parilh; and that for the future the faid cathedral church of Saint Edan, other-wife Mogue Ferns, be deemed and taken to be the mother church of faid parilh of Ferns, for all legal purpofes whaft-foever within the (aid parilh, without prejudice to the right*, privileges, or immunities of ftid cathedral, and alfo firing to the lord bilhop of Ferns, and hia fuccdfors, aod the dean

«4

Digitized by

Google



The twcniy-firjl andtwcntyfccond Ktars of George III,

«nd chapter of faid cathedral and their fucceflors, their federal and refpe&ive and dfftinft rights, privileges, and immunities in faid cathedral, any thing in this a& contained to the contra^ thereof in any wife not with (lauding.

CHAP. LIV.

An A Si to prohibit the ranfvning of Ships or Vfl'cls captured from His Mayfly's Subje<ss of this Kingdom* and of the Merchandize or Goods on boardfuck Ships or Vflels,

WHEREAS it is a common pra6lfee for makers of - f

(hips and veflels belonging to his Majefly’s fubje^s of anay vtileTor this kingdom, when fuch (hips or veffth are captured by jrcods &c. at the King's enemies, or by other perfons committing a£ls of herein, hoftilities, to agree with tire captors for ranfom of the fame, and for fecuring the (lipulated ranfom not only to give hof- ^ tages, bat alfo to bind themfdves and their owners for the pavment thereof; and whereas Inch practice of ranfoming is found by experience to be liable to great abufes, and there is Ho reafon tor apprehend that upon .the whole it operates more to the difadvantage than for the benefit of his Majelty’s fub-jecls; therefore be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majeily, by and with the advice and cOnlent of the lords (piritual and temporal and commons in this paefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firll day of Augufl, onfc thoufand feven . hundred and eighty-two, it (hall not be lawful for the maficr of any fuch (hip or veffel belonging to any of his Majefiy’s fuhjc&s of this kingdom, as fhali be captured by the fub-jects of any (late at war with his Majcfty, or by any per-fons committing hoililities againft his Majelly’s (ubjec's, or for any other perfon or perfons on board or belonging to fuch captured (hip or veffel, to ranfom or to enter into any contrail or agreement for ranfoming fuch (hip or veffel, ,or any merchandize or goods on board the fame.

II. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That All bonds, all contracts and agreements which (hall be entered into, and kr ranfom ^ all bills, note*, and other fecurities, which (^aH be given Cont™*7 to d'i# by any mailer of a captured (hip or veffel, or by any other au VOi perfon or perfons on board or belonging to the fame for ranfom thereof, or of any merchandize or goods on board fuch (hip or veffel, contrary to this a£t, (hair be abfolutdy void in law, and of no effect whatsoever.

III. And be it enaclcd by the authority aforefaid, That And all per-if any mailer of fuch captured (hip or veffel, or any other J,°r,s perfon or perfons on board or belonging to the fame, (hall, aft^orfe’t jooL after the faid firll day of Auguff, one thoufand feven hun* dredand eighty-two, ranfom or cuter into any contrad or Vol. VII.	L	?grejment

A.

t6i

D.

17 '1-2.

No perfon

Digitized by

^ou^le

16*	Tif twenty-ftjl and twenty fecond Tears of George III*

A. D. agreement for ranfoming fuch (hip or veffel, or any ®er-1781-2. cliandi/e or good* on boaM the fame, every perfon fo of-L	/	feuding	(hill	for	every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum

of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with colls of fuit, to perfon*	hy any perfon or perfons wlu> fha!l fue for the fame, by ac-

.profeeming.	tion of debt, in any of his Majcity’s courts of record at

Dublin, in which action no effoign, protection, imparlance, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

CHAP. LV.

jtn Al to allow the Importation of Goods of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture rf Saint Chriftopbers, Nevis, end Mont for rat, up n the like Du: ns as are payable upon the lm» fort at ion oj Briiijb Plan'a: ton Goods ; and to amend an A:7 pa[!id this Sejion of Parliament, intituled, An tor regulating the Sugar Prate, and for granting to His Ala-jcjty. His Heirs and Succcjfors, the Duties therein mentioned*

^HTTHEREAS in the cotirfc of the prefent hoftilities, the vV iflands of Saint Chriltophers, Nevis, and Montfenat, have been taken by the arms of his moll chriltian Majefty, and the trading with the faid iflands, fubje& to the fame duties as heretofore, may be advantageous to the manufacture* of this kingdom: therefore be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to import in any British, Irilh, or neutral veffch, from the faid iflands of Saint Chriftophers, Ne\is, and Mt ntferr3t, a.iy goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the faid iflands into any part of tin’s kingdom, and that the goods fhall be admitted to an entry, on payment of the fame dmie3 to which they would have been iubject, if imported from anv of the Br-tifh Weft India Iflands on boatd Britifh or Irifh (hips, navigated according to law ; any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary n •twithftanding.

II. Provided always, That the importer or importers of any goods from the faid iflands of Saint Chrillophers, Nevis, and Moatfcrrat, fhall make oath before the colle&or or comptroller of his Majefty’s cuftoms, that to the heft of his or their knowledge or belief, the goods fo imported are really and Ionafde of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the faid iflands, and in default of fuch oath, the good^ imported from the faid iflands fhall be fubje£l to the payment of the fame duties as they would have been liable to if imported from any foreign Weft India >fland ; any law or dilute to the contrary notwithftauding.

, CHAP.

D ig itizedbty^gO Ic

i^3

The twenty* fr/l and twenty fecond Tears of George III.

CHAP. LVII.

Art A61 for the Relief of Hir Majejty's Proteftant Dijfenting

Subjeds called Seceders,

V 71 ,’HEREAS it is fit that his Majefty’s fubjefts ffiould Seceders may V V be relieved in matters of confcience, where confcien- Twcar in man-tiqus perfons labour under difficulties; and whereas manv ncr herein, of his Majetty’s liege fubje&s, being proteftant diffenters, and calling themfdves feceder*, deem the form of an oath made by killing the holy feriptures a grievous hardfiiip, it being, according to their principles, unlawful for them £b to do, in-fomuch that they are injured in thar private concerns ; and the common juflice of this land is, in many cafes impeded, from confcientious feruplea in complying with fuch forms: therefore be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the fam , That from and after the fir ft day of Auguft, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two* every feceder in this kingdom, who ffiall upon any lawful occahon be required to take an oath in any cafe where by law an oath is required, or fhall hereafter be required to be taken, ffiall, inllead of the ufuai form, be permitted to take his or her oath in the form and words following, that is to fay, by holding up the right hand as the fign of an oath, and by repeating thefe words :

J do fol:mnly andfncerely fwear before Almighty God ; which faid oath ffiall be adjudged and taken.

II.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Andliableto the fame be adjudged and taken to be of the fame force and penalties, See. effeef, to all intents and purpofes, in all courts of juftice,

and other place where by law an oath is required, or ffiall heieafter be required, to be tak n within this kingdom, as if fuch feceder had taken an oath in the ufuai form; and all perfons authorized or required to adminiftef, or tender an oath in all cafes, are hereby authorized and required to ad- * minifter and tender the fame, to the faid perfons called fe-ceders, in the form and words preferibed by this aid.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That every perfon who ffiall have taken fuch oath as afore- Seceders not faid, and fhall be lawfully convicted of wilfully, falfely, and drn»,C Sec. as corruptly having fworn any matter or thing, which, if the herein, fame had been fwom in the ufuai form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury, ffiall incur the fame penalties and forfeitures, as by the laws and ftatutes of this realm are enadted againft perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

L 2	IV.	Provided

Digitized by Google

164

A. • D.

1781-2.

No f'-rfon confu'.crcd a fe. dir vmlcfs fo for x year before.

This a pab-lick aa.

The twenty frjl and twenty-fee ond Tears of George ITT.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by A authority aforefaid, That no feceder, or reputed feceder fnall, by virtue of this ad, be qualified or admitted to give evidence in any criminal caufes, or ferve on any juries, ot bear any place, olEce, or employment of trull or proGt under the government ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

V.	Provided alfo. That no perfon or perfons fhall be deemed a feceder, or feceders, within the intention of this ad, unlefs he, file, or they fliall (wear in the manner afore* faid, thar he, {he, or they is or are of the profeflion of the people c dled feceders, and hath or have been fo for one year then laft pall.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, jullices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpe-ciaiiy pleading the fame.

CHAP. LXI.

An Act to explu:n and amend an dll, intituled, An AS to prevent •vexatious and frivolous Arrejls, andfor other pur-pofes.	1

1	WHEREAS	by an ad made iri this kingdom in the

yC ;8. as to	twentieth	year	of the reign of his prefent Majdly

arre (Is umlcr King Georg: the third, intituled, An ad to prevent vexatious de< roc* lor civil an({ frivolo s arrejls, and for other purpofes, it is amongft bilb, repealed. ot]ler things enaded, That from and after the firft day of September, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, no per fon fhould be arrelted, imprifoned, or taken in execution upon any decree, difmifs, or order of any of his Majelly’s judges of afiizc in their, circuits, council, or jullices in the faid ad mentioned, or any of them, under the therein recited ad, or by virtue of any warrant or pro-cefs thereon, where the caufe of adion fhould not amount to five pounds or upwards ; nor fiiouid any (herixF in fuch cafe be liable to any penalty, forfeiture, or demand, by reafon of the non-execution thereof: and whereas the rc-, ftraint of arrefts in fuch cafes of civil bills, under the de-x trees, difniifies, and orders of the faid judges*, council, or jullices, though well founded in principle, hath been found inconvenient in practice ; therefore be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and cpnfcnt of the lords fpiritu.il and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid ad as relates to ar-teiib under decrees, difmifles or eiders, in cafes of civil bills, *	may

Digitized by

Tie twenty-fryft and twentyfecond Tears of George III.	165

may be repealed, and may from henceforth be dcclarpd null A. D.

and void to all intent* and purpofes whatioever.	17*3 [-2.

II.	And whereas it is alfo among!! other things ena<fted W—

by the faid aft herein before in part recited, That no per- And n t<> ar

fon (hould be arretted or imprifoned by virtue of, or upon rr,f*‘lr,,m hij'e-.	.	rr	.	1	r	r • ru r c^utc^un-

any execution or other procels liluing out ot any lupciior jcr CIV|, lMjj

or inferior court of record, or other inferior comt wliatlo- tnmctk rcpc&l-rrer, in this kingdom, where the caufe of a ion Ihould cd. not amount to five pounds or upwards, or held to fpecial bail for the fame upon any procefs whatioever ; and whereas fuch reftraint of arrefts hath alfo been found inconvenient, efpecially in the great and commercial city ot Cork, and other corporate towns in this kingdom : therefore be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, that to much of the faid ad as relays to all the faid lall mentioned cafes of arrelU,

(hall alfo be repealed, and fhall from henceforth be declared Midland void, to all intents and purpofes whatioevci.

CHAP. LXII.

An A 1 to allow Perf ns prof effing the Popijb Religion to teach Amended School in this Kingdom, and for regal#: mg the Education oj 30 G. 3 2). Papifts, end af to r*p*r I i ar's if ccruiin Laws relative **	3	IS.

to the Guardahjbip of their Children

TITHERE AS feveral of the laws made in this kingdom, relative to the education of papitts, or peri'ons prq-fcfling the popifh religion, are confidercd as too fev r, and have not anfwcred the defired tffeft: be it enabled by thp King’s motl excellent Majeftyj by and with the advice -and ponfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament a{Temb}cd, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of an aft patted iu the feventh year of King Wiliiam the third, iqtjtujed, /in ad ta rtjlrain 7 Will. 3.C. foreign education, and alfo fo much of an aft patted in the 4-eighth year of Queen Anne, intituled, /In ad for explaining and amending an ad, intituled, An ad to prevent the further ** Annr» c.4. growth of popery, as fubjefts perfons of {he popifh religion, who (hall publickly teach fchool, or who fhall inttruft youth astopublick in learning in any private popilh houGc within this realm, to ttachw kbool the like pains, penalties, and forfeitures as auy pof3;ill re- rcPcalcd. gular convift, fhall be, and the fame is and arc hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained Nothing in fhall extend, or be conttrued to extend, to any popifh ichoot t,l,s i,a u> l‘*‘ mailer who fhall not have taken and fubferibed the oath of allegiance and declaration prefcribed by an aft pafTcd in the i’c. {*cxem! j thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majcfty’s feign, intituled* An ad to enable l;is Maj,fly'sfubjeds of whatever

166	The	twenty-ji/Jl	and	twenty-fccond	Team	of	George	III.

A. D.

1781-2. Chap. C>2.

Nor toprv. pith i'rhooi-maf-trr lectiving

f»rott*ftant icho-ar, c*c. as herein.

Nor to allow endowment of popifh uuiver-fity, See. as herein.

Papilla except

ccckd.i flicks, having taken oaths 01 allegiance, See may have ^uardiau-il'ip. &c. as herein.

ever perfuafum to teflify their allegiance to h\my in fome of his Majefty’s four courts in Dublin, or at the quarter feiBons of the peace for the county of Dublin, or before any of the going judges of aflize in open court, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	Provided alfo, That'nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conilnied to extend to any popifh fchool matter who f.iall receive into his fchool any perfon of the proteflant religion, or to any perfon of the popifh religion who fhall be entertained to inllruft youth in learning, as ufher, under mailer, or afMant, by any proteflant fchool matter within this realm ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained fhall be conttrued to allow the ereftion 01 endowment of any popifh univerfity or college or endowed fchool in this realm, or t* authorize any papitt, or perfon profiling the popifh religion to teach or keep fchool, who fhall not have tirfl obtained the licence of the ordinary of the diocefe for that purpofe, which licence the ordinary is heieby impowered to grant and recall from time to time as he fhall think proper ; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wile liotwithitaud-ing.

V.	And be it ennfted by the authority aforefaio, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon profclfing the popilh religion, who fhall have taken and fubferibed the faid oath of allegiance and declaration in manner and form aforeiaid, except an tccleliaflick, to have the guardianfhip, care, and tuition of his or her own child or children, or of any child rr children of a papitt, any thing contained in an act p-ikd in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intituled, yin ait for taking away the court of wards and live rise and tenures in capite, and by knights fervtce, or in an aft patted in the fecond year of Queen Anne, intituled, An aid to prevent* the further growth of popery, or in aft patted in the ninth year of King Wil-lgim the third, intituled, An act to prevent frets/: ants from in-tennarrying with papif.s, to the contrary in any wife not-

withil ending.

1

The twenty-firjl and twenty fecond Yean of George III# CHAP. LXIII.

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft pajfed this Sejficti of Par* Lament, intituled, Ai Art Jor i be more tjf'eftualiy prevent -ing the multiplying oj Poles at Rlellions of Memle> s to jirqja in Parliament for boroughs, where the R 'g-:i of looting is ntcjhd in the Protejlant Inhabitants in general, or Prol jlatit Inhabitants and others.

>*7

A. D.

1781-2..

WHEREAS there are boroughs in this kingdom where the right of voting ib veiled in the proteilant inhabitants hi general, or proteilant inhabitants and others, which are fituated in two different counties ; and fome doubts arc

entertained whether the oaths prescribed to be taken by the laid ad, be fuffieicntly explicit with reipe^l to fuch boroughs : therefore be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and tempdral, and commons in this prefent Parliament ^j,?reri aflemblcd, and by the authority of the lame, That in all 0r voting in ^ and every fuch borough or boroughs in this kingdom, where rrotdhar iuha. the right of voting is veiled- in the proteilant inhabitants ii) ^ u“?s' ^ %re general, or proteilant inhabitants and others, which are fitu- jn ated in two different counties, every inhabitant of iuch bo- byuid rough, qualified to vote at eledions for any member or members to ferve in Parliament for fuch borough, may, if he thinks proper, in the oath or affirmation required by the faid ad to be by him taken at the time of life being regifler-tered, and likewiic in the Q3th or affirmation which he maybe called upon to take, purfuant to faid ad, at any election for a member or members to ferve in Parliament for fuch borough, in Head of the words 44 refident inhabitant of the borough of	in	the	county	of

fubltitute the woids 44 refulent inhabitant of that pari of the tyrougb of	which Letb in the county of	f1

And that the Taid oaths and affirmation?, with the faid words fo fubflituted therein, ffialj be to all intents and purp< fes as valid, and have the fame efftd, and fwbjed the perfon or perfons falfely taking or affirming the lame, to the like penalties as the oaths respectively prescribed by the faid ad, or pre enaded thereby, in refped of the fame ; any thing in the recited ad to the contrary notwithflanding.

II. Bo it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That for the greater convenience of perfons by the laid ad required ^ad'ornn " H" to regifter, that from and after the palling of thit> a t, at wit in .1 3 wr- kt every quarter-feflions to be held next after the lirll day of fro™

Auguft in every year, and for any county wherein there is om> w hetem. fyuated any borough, or part of any borough, where the

4 '	r%h\

r No pcrfon to Vote Ulllc la re £ ’’'cia! / ?

n*' 1 )>$ before * • ie of election.

Not to a(Te<Si ary vote at ek *ion IrM before ft Aii-gufl, 1-83,

irid act to be ir ^r.e from jia T<nuary i:8;.

"Bur if election belli before ? 7 lYlotUhs, »ben fi*r-Jon; -untied to vote.

The twenty frjl find twentyfuond Tears of George lit.

right of voting is veiled in the proteilant inhabitants in genera!, or in the proteflairt inhabitants and others, that the juflice8 holding fuch quartcr-feflions be hereby required and directed to make an adjournment of the fame on fomc convenient day, within three weeks from the holding of fuch fefiions, to fuch borough as aforefaid, for the purpofe of their registering the names of perfons who (hall ddire to be regiftered, as claiming a right to vote in fuch boroughs, and that fiich adjournment (hall beheld accordingly in fome convenient place for the purpofe aforefaid.

III.	And whereas by the faid recited aft it is declared to be the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, That no per-fon wl *»tfoever (hall be fuffered to vote at any fuch eleftion in rH t of Krng a proteftant inhabitant, without having been fi ll r.giilercd as is therein mentioned, twelve months at the lead before the time of holding fuch eleftion, but that the returning officer, or his deputy, is thereby required to refufe fuch vote ; any thing in any other act of Parliament to the contiary notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing therein contained, fliall affect any electiv/H that fiiall be held in and for any fuch borough before the full day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, after which time the faid-act is to become of force and effect at the holding cf elections: be it enactvd by the authority aforefaid, That the faid law (hall commence and be of force and tffcft from and after the firft day of January, which (hail be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three.

V.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thai in cafe any eleftion of members to ferve in Parliament, (hall be held in and for fuch boroughs, fubfecuent to the faid firit day of January, that (hall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, and within twelve months from the time at which the firft adjournment of the quarter fefiions fliall be made to fuch borough as herein before direfted, that then, and in that cafe, perfons regiftered at fuch firil adjournment to be made n< xt after the palling of this ?ft, to fuch borough as aforefaid, and alfo, fuch perfons as (hall or may have been regiPeered previous thereto, fhall be admitted to vote at fuch election, notwithllanding that regiftry fhall not appear at fuch election to have been made twelve months before the bedding of fuch election, any thing in that or any other act contained to the contrary in any wffe not with* {landing ; but that in rdl other cafes, and upon all- other elections, the faid recited claufe (haU be of full force and effect.

The tzuentyfirjl and twentyfceond Tears of George lllt

CHAP. LX IV.

jin Aft to continue and amend tbs A As nc*w in force for mat • ing and repairing tbt Road: leading pom the City of Kit* ker.ny, to the Town cf Clonmel!.

16*

A. D. 1781-2.

:3tX^’HEREAS the road leading from the city of Kil-^ * kenuy to the town of Clonmell, by the way of Callan, particularly that part of the faid ruad lying between the faid city of Kilkenny and the brook which feparatea the counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary, near the nine mile houfe, 13 now and has been for fome years pall in a •ruinous condition, fo that travellers have been obliged, in order to avoid the faid road, to take a circuit of three miles between the faid city of Kilkenny, and the faid nine mile houfe 5 “ and whereas the faid part of the feid road is now and has been for a confiderable time pad impracticablefor four wheel carriages to pafs or repafs, and the tolls at prefent payable, totally inadequate for repairing, or for keeping the fame in	*

repair : be it enaclej by the King's moll excellent Majdly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirkml	f

and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament . afiembied, and by the authority of the fame, That from and Toll* encrc*f-after the firtf day of Augnft in the year one thoufand feven C<1 l*twe«& KH-hundred and eighty-two, inftead of the tolls now payable,	*

the following tolls (hall be taken at the gates erected, or to	*

be erected on the faid road, from the faid city of Kilkenny c to the faid town of Clonmell, before any horfe, mare, mule, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafii, chaife, or chair, capriole, waggon, wain, cart, car, truckle, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, namely, for every coach, berlin, chariot, ca!a£Ji, chaife or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the fum of tolls a* herein, two (hillings; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair drawn by four horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, cl.ajle or chair, drawn by two horfes, gridings, mares, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and one penny ; for every waggon* wain, cart, or carnage with four wheels, the fum of live (hillings; (or every waggon, wain, can, or carriage with two wheels, drawn with two horfes, mares, geldings, afles, mules, or beads of draft, the fum of fix pence ; for every wain, cart, or car* riage with two wheels, drawn with three or more horfes, mares, geldings, alics, mules, or beads of draft, the futn of three (hillings; fof every carriage commonly called a chair, or chaife with one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the v	fum

d by.

Google

Toll* firft applied to rcr paicof road, except fabrics to tsrafurer and gatekeeper*,

Grand jury may prefent a fum of jcxtf. and G. j. of Tipperary a fum of 300I. for repair of faid road, &c.

The twentyfif and twenty fecond Tears of George III,

fum of fix pence; for every cart, car, or other carriage, having but one horfe, mare,'or gelding, mule, afs, or head of draft the fum of two pence, (except cars and other carriages, loaded with turf, corn in (heaves, and hay to the haggard* of perfons living adjacent to the faid road, and not for fale, and drawn by one horfe, gelJing, mare, afs, mule, or beaft of draft, which are hereby exempted from any of the faid tolls;) for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, with any perfon riding thereon, the fum of two pence; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, -and not having any perfon riding thereon, the fum of three half-pence 5 for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle; the fum of one (hilling and eight pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity or number; for every drove of hogs, calves, (heep, goats and lambs the fum of ten pence , er fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter number.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the tolls to arife on the faid road, between the faid city of Kilkenny and the faid town of Clonmell, (hall be applied in the firft place to put the faid road in good repair, before any ^umfhall be paid thereout for any other purpofe whatfoever, the falarjes accruing from the faid firft day of Auguft to the gatd keepers, and to the treafurer, and any fum actually advanced by the faid treafurer, be fore the laid firft day of Auguft, and expended on the repair of the faid road only excepted.

III.	And whereas the faid road, is now in many places i^mpaflable for four wheeled carriages, and it would be ef great advantage to th« publick, and particularly to the inhabitants qf the faid counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary, that the fame (hould be fpeedily repaired, which the faid tolls will not be fufficient to effeft in the prefent (fate of the faid road ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may Ke lawful for the grand juries of the faid-counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary refpe£livtly, if they or either of them (hall think propeT, to prefent in their faid refpe&ive county, and for the judge of aftize to fat the fame, either by one or more prefentment on the faid counties at large, or either of them, for the repair of the faid road, between the faid city of Kilkenny and the faid town of Clonmell, by the way of Callan and the nine mile houfe as aforefaid, any fum not exceeding in the county of Kilkenny the fum of three hundred pounds, and in the county of Tipperary not exceeding the furq of three hundred pounds ; and that the /aid prefentments may be made and Confirmed without any affidavit wha^foeyer: any law or fta-tute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, That no fijch preferments (hall be

Digitized by LjOQQYQ

t

The twenty-fir]? and twenty-fecond Tcars\f George III.

made after fnring aflizes, which (hall be in the year one thou-fand (even hundred and eighty-five.	,

V.	And provided alfo, That no part of the faid money, fo to be levied by prefentmeiit as aforeiaid, (hall be applied to the payment of any (alary, or of any fum due by debenture, orotherwife, or to any other purpofe whatsoever, fave only to the actual repair of the faid road ; and that any liim or fum? of money, which (hall be fo levied by prefentinent, upon the faid counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary refpedtivcly, or upon either of them, (hall be expended upon the repair of fuck parts only of the faid road, a$ lie and are fituate within the limits of that county, upon which the faid money (hall be fo levied.

VI.	And be it enaffed by the authority , aforefaid. That it

(hr.ll and may be lawful to and for the faid truilees of the faid road, or any nine of them, to borrow on the tolls of the faid road, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of four hundred pounds, and to ilTue debentures for the payment of the fame, with interell; which fum or fams, and the intered thereof, (hall be a charge on the tolls of the faid road in preference to any debt or charge now afleCting the fame, (any fum or fums of money actually »d-vanccd by the treafurer of the faid road, and expended upon the repair of the fame before the firft day of Auguft next only excepted,) and (hall be applied to the immediate repair cf the faid road, and to no other purpofe whatfoever. •

VII.	Provided always, That from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufaud feven hundred and eighty-five, the Lid power of raifing the faid fum, (hall ceafe and deter-

*7* A, D.

17,81-2. Chap. 64.

No <uch pre-femment af»er fprinjr aflizet

i;85

Ant! fuch fums only laid out on r< pair of laid road, dec.

Nine com-

miiTmnei s may

borrow 40GI. or. tolls with inter cit.

applird to repair of»oad.

But not after

id Aurull 1735.

r.v.ne.

VIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Truftrrs ad-the following perfens he added to the rummer of tilt prefent dCwi toiormer. truilees of the faid road, namely^ fir John Eiundcn, baronet,

John Butler, efquire, Gervafe Parker 11 uthe, efquire, reverend Henry Palmer, WIzod, efquire, right honourable vifeount Clifdcn, Henrv Blunt, efquire, Robert FLUham, efquire, reverend John Warring, George Agar, elquire, John Hood, elquire, Patrick Wellh the younger, elquire, reverend Arthur Palmer, reverend John Eihlon, reverend Samuel Madden^ lit* William R. Morres, baronet, William Barton, elquire, Levi;, Chnppclier, elquire, honourable Henry Agar, revevei. 1 .Somcrfct Trol'icld, lord vilcou.it Mountmorres, Foliiot Warring, elquire, Robert Mulhol-)and, elquire, Richard Liiiolt, efquire, John Muir., elquire,

Wardeh Flood, elquire, fir Kdward Loltus, baronet, arch-bifhep of Calhel, billion of Waterford tor the time being,

Francis Mathew, efquire, Henry Brittle, efquire, right honourable fir Henry Cavcndilb, baronet, til* Cornwallis Maude, baronet, iir William Barker, baronet, fir Toward NcwenLanB, Cornelius O’Calkigliun, efquire, the younger,

Thomas

«

The twenty firjl andtkventy-fecond Tears of George III.

Thomas Ouion, efquire, Kevan Izod, cfquire, Lorenz? Nickfon, efquire, Mr. Thomas Lonergan, James Pender-gaft, efquire, Richard Hcly Hutchisfon, efquire, John Bagwell of Marlfield, efquire, Michael Green of Green-mount, efquire, Mr. William Lonergan, William Perry, efquire, Richard Perry, cfquire, major John Hely Hutch-infon, Thomas Forreft, efquire, Gamaliel Fitz-Gtrald Magratk, efquire, John Ilobfon, efquire, eail of Wan-destord, Henry Larieve, efquire, Daniel Ofbome, efquire, Thomas Ofborne, efquire, Richard Cox, efquire, Peter Welfh, efquire, John Monk Mafon, efquire, Francis Marfh, cfquire, Chriftopher Hunt, efquire, earl of Car-rick, honourable Pierce Butler, John Htly, efquire, James Kearney, cfquire, Benjamin Kearney, efquire, John Davis, efquire, John Jones, efquire, Dominick Trant, cfquire, William Ponfonby, efquire, John Hanfor, cfquire, John Birch, efquire, James Percival, efquire, reverend Arthur Webb, Thomas Ofborne, efquire, David Walihe, efquire, Mr. Matinee Lonergan, Nathaniel Mitchel, efquire, the mayor of Clonmcll for the time being, the fheriffs of Kilkenny for the time being, Mr. John Bagnell, Mr. Richard Dtobbyn, Francis Hely Hutchiufon, efquire, William Barton, efquire, Thomas Barton, efquire, Stephen Moore of Barne, efquire, Wray Pallifer, efquire, Thomas Power, cfquire, Hamilton Lowe, efquire, reverend Edward Bacon, John Power of Tullamaine, efquire, Godfrey Taylor, efquire, Samuel Jacob, cfquire, William W. Neweoham, cfquire, G. Moore Cootc, efquire.

JX. And whereas in an ad paffed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majclty’s reign, entitled, An oB for making and repairing, and Jhortetvng a road from the crofs of Gallon in the county of Kilkenny, through the town of Mullinahone, and by the ford of Kilmore, commonly called black ford Qnd f-oorjlown, to the town of Llonmell in the county of Tippera yt it is amongft other things ena&ed, That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the counties of Kilkenny and TipPerary iefpedively, to prelent any fum qr fums of money towards making or repairing the faid road, or for buijding any bridge thereon, or for the payment of any ground that fliajl be necefFary for the making or widening or fliortenihg the faid road, or for any ex-pences attending the fame ; be it enatted by the authority fun\* preferred a^rc^a^> that any fum or fums of money fo to be prefented under laid act, for any of the above purpofes as aforefaid, ihall be charged railed on county upon the county at large, in which the fame Ihall be fo prefented, and not upon the barony or baronies through which the faid road may run, and that the faid preferments may be made and confirmed without any affidavit whatfoever, .	any

Recital of 19 & so G. 3

c. 15.

at large.

The fnventy-firft and Wentyfecond Tears of George III.

any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by the faid recited ad, it is further enacted, That the trulfecs therein appointed for the laid road, or any fifteen or more of them, Shall meet at Clonmcll, on the fecond day of the then next fummer afliaes to be held meeting of truf-for the faid county of Tipperary, or on the firft Tuefday ^Irg^ecUo * in ^September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and fummer affixes, that the faid truftees may then adjourn themfclves : be it 178$. enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the time of the fir ft meeting of the faid trullees (hall be enlarged; and that in cafe the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them,

(hall meet at Clonmcll on the third day of the next furmmer affixes to be held for the faid county of Tipperary, or oir the third day of the next fpring affixes, or on the third day of the' fummer affixes which (hall be held for the faid county, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, the faid truftees may then adjourn themfclvcs, as by the faid recited ad they are impowered to do, in cafe they had met at cither of the times therein appointed, and may execute all and fingular the powers in them veiled by the faid recited ad.

XI.	And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, Truftees by

That the perfons herein before added to the number of the this and faid re-truftecs for the old turnpike road leading from Kilkenny to cited aa inveft-Clonmell through Callan, and by the nine mile hqufc, and	*

thofe perfons who alfo were truftees for the fame at the *

time of the paffing of this ad, (hall be alfo trullees for	/

putting the lad recited ad of the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty into execution, as fully and cffedually as if they were particularly appointed truftees by the faid laft recited ad.

XII. And whereas an ad pafled in the fifth year of his	5 3. late Majelly, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the ciiy of Kilkenny to the town of Clonmcll in the county

of Tipperary : and whereas in the ninth year of his late Ma- 9 G 2 c a6 jefty’s reign, an ad pafTed, entitled, An ad jor explaining and amending, and making more effidual an a St, entitled, An ad for repairing the road leading from the city of Kilkenny to the town of Clonmell in the county of Tipperary : and where- o$G 2 c as an ad pafled in the twenty-fifth year of his late Majelly, ai. entitled. An ad for the more effectual repairing and amending the road leading from the city j)f Kilkenny to the town of Clon-mell in the county of Tipperary, and for difeharging the faid road from all incumbrances by fraud, affecting the fame, and for the relief of Richari\ Gore, tf quire, and Ann his wife, ad minijlratrix of William Goret efqnire, deceafed, and of John Wallis, ejquire, adminflrator, with the will annexed of Henry Wallis, efquire, deceafed: Be it ouaded by the authority

aforefaid,

Time for

174 A. D.

1701-2.

continued to id Auguft

A publick

aa.

twentyfnji and twentyfetond Tears of George tit.

aforefaid, That the faid fevera] recited acts, and all 2nd every the authorities, powers, article!, rules, penalties and claufc3 therein contained, except fo far as they are by any of the faid recited ads, or by this prefent ad altered, (bail be and remain in force and effed, and fliall continue and be executed for the term of thirty one years, to be computed from the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fcilion of Parliament, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein again particularly repeated, and that this prefent ad lhaii have the fame duration.

XIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefa;d, That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publics, ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpc-cially pleading the fame.

The Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of

GEORGE III.

CRAP. XII.

An A a for the i^vlng Treafiry Bills to the Amount therein m?«-tionrd,for the turptfc of promoting Manufaaures h. firr/uh ingfor the Statement of a Number of indujlrious ManufdSur: t at Prnfperous in the County of Kildare.

3. e. ^ T 7 HERE AS Robert B-ooke of Profperous in the 4^. 2 <$. 3. c. y V county of Kildare, Inquire, encouraged by the pro-fpeds opened to this kingdom by the enlargement of the trade thereof, embarked cxtenlivtlv in the manufacture of linen and cotton mixed, and hath for the more completely carrying cn of the faid manufacture intioduced and conitruded at a con-fiderah-e expcncc, a variety of machinery and utenfil* necrifarv for the various branches of the faid manufacture, and bath fur* nifhed employment to a confiderable numberof perfons, \vh:re-by a fpirit of induftry hath been encouraged, and alfo hath for the habitation of £<ich perfons, and for the more conveniently carrying on of the faid manufacture, erected and built the town of Profperous, a convenient fit nation in the county of Kildare for firing, provifion, and water carriage, and hrge quantities of the faid manufadutc in confequence of the fail exertions hath been made and fold in this kingdom for home contumption and export to the great benefit of trade and in-tm°l J^0ft nn^	; and whereas many induftrious manufadurer* in and

SiT	about the city of Dublin, who were unemployed in the buii-‘

nets

Digitized by

Google

?fx twenty-third and twenty-fourth Than of George 111.	17	j

nefs of their refpe&ive trades, have been lately encouraged by A. D. the faid Robert Brooke, to fettle in the faid town of Profperous,	1783-4.

where he has built a large range of houfes and /hops for their Chap.* 12. accommodation, and provides them with all materials and imple-	/

ments for work, and he is daily encouraging all fuch as are Profpeious, u indullrious and unemployed to fettle likewife there, to the ^cre,a> manifed advantage of your Majedy’s induftrious fubje&s: in order therefore to enable the faid Robert Brooke to fupport and employ the faid manufacturers lately fettled, and fuch as may hereafter be fettled and employed at the faid town of Profperous 5 be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jeity, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That your Majedy’s vice treafurer or vice trealurers, receiver, or paymader general, his or their deputy or deputies, do and /hall from time to time at the requed of the faid Robert Brooke, ifTue trea-fury bills in like form as thole heretofore ifTu?<I for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of twenty live thoufand pounds, to bear intered at the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds from the ifluing thereof, and to pafs current at the receipt of your Ma-jefty’s treafury, on or after the twenty fourth day of June, which /hall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety four, the faid treafury bills to be delivered to the faid Robert Brooke.

II.	Provided always, That no fuch treafury bills (hall be iffued or delivered, unlefs the faid Robert Brooke by himfelf, or with a fufficient fuicty or fureties to be approved of by the £roo^,. appro* lord chief bar9n or one other of the barons of your Majedy’s celby a i-amnof court of Exchequer, (hall from time to time have given good E*cht.quer, and fufficient fecurity by recognizance or otherwiih, the fame heieia. to be approved of by the faid lord chief baron or other baron, fix days,previotis notice thereof being given to his Majedy’s attorney general of the intention to offer fuch fecurity, dating the nature of it, fuch fecurity to be conditioned that the faid Robert Brooke, h’s heirs, executors or adminillrators /hall well and truly pay or caufe to he paid into your Maiefty’s treafury" on every twenty third day of Jane, r..,d twenty fourth day of December in each year, a fum equal to the amount of the half yearly intered at the rate afore laid, payable on the treafury bills which the faid Robert Brooke dial! fo require to be iflued until a fum or fums equal to the refpe$ive fums for which fuch treafury bills (hall be itTucd dull be refpt&ive-ly paid into your Majedy’s treafury by the faid Robert Brooke, his heirs, executors or adminidrators at one entire payment, and alfo conditioned that the f?id Robert Brooke* his heirs, executors or admin'drators (hall and will well and truly pay or caufe to be paid into your Majdly'a treafury on

or

/

Digitized by Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George lit

Exchequer procefa «»n deft tile of p«p. meat.

Intereft at ;d per day per cent.

Bill* iflued current to receivers, collectors, and Attrea* iury from 24 June 1794.

or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand ferea hundred and ninety four, fuch fum of money as fr ail be equal to the principal fum and fums for which fuch treafury b£j (hall be ifTued; and alfo conditioned that the faid Robert Brooke fhall from fuch time as fuch treafury bills fhall U ifTued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety four, or until there mail be paid intoyemr Majefly’s treafury by the faid Robert Brooke, his hens, executors, or adminiflrators a fum equal to the principal fum or furas for Which fuch treafury bills fhall be iflued, conflantir keep employed in the carrying on of mcmufadlurcs at the faid town of Profperous, a number of manufa&urera at the rate of eight perfons for every one hundred pounds for which fuch treafury bills (hall be ifTued.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefa*i That in cafe fuch fum as fhall be equal to the amount of the half yearly intereft payable on the faid treafury bills which fhall be ifTued as aforefaid, fhall no* be paid from time to time into your Majeily’a treafury by the faid Robert B»*ooke, his heirs, executors or adminiflrators on every twenty third daf of June and twenty fourth day of December, until a principal fum or fums be paid into your Majcfly’s treafury as* aforefaid, ecjual to the fums for which fuch treafury bills fhall be ifTued, it fhall and may be lawful to and for your Majefiy’s court of Exchequer from time to time as often as fnch default fhall be made to iflue fuch procefs for levying the fum or fums which the faid Robert Brooke, hia heirs, executors, or admin i lira tors ought to have paid as aforefaid, as your M.Jdly is by law intitlcd to for recovery of debts due to your Majetly.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for the faid fum of twenty five thousand pounds, or fo much thereof for which treafury bills fhall be from time to time iflued as aforefaid, there fhall be paid at the receipt of your Majefiy’s Exchequer by the hands of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, or paymaftcr general, his or their deputy or deputies on every twenty fourth day of June and twenty fifth day of December fubfequent to the times at which fuch treafury bills fiiall be refpe&iVly ifTued, an interctl for the fame at the rate of three pence by the day for each one hundred pounds, and to commence from fuch rime as fhall be ex-preffed in fuch treafury bills without any fee or charge, and free from all dedii&ions, defalcations and abatements whatsoever, until fuch time as the principal Anna fhall L»e rcfpcctive-ly paid off at one entire payment.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every treafury bill which fhall be ifTued purfuant ta this a&, fhall and may after the twenty fourth day of June One thoufand feven hundred and ainay four, if not lboner

paid*

Digitized by

Google

Whc iwntythlrd	of	Geprgr	IH.	177

ppid* be received, taken, gad be current tp^ny neccivcr or A. D.

cnttc&or of the cuftonpe* *xcifc, or any xqretu££> Aid, or*tax	4783-4.

in this kingdom, for and iu fatisfa&ion of any cpttoiu, excife. Chap. ijt.

aid, or tax, then due, or thereafter to become due or payable	*

to your Majefty, your heirs end fucceffors, and (hall be taken,

pafs, and be current at the receipt of your Majefty’s treafury,

from every fuch receiver pr colleftor for or in refped of the

cidioms, cxcife, or any glhsr revenue, aid, or tax by him

received or colle&ed, from and after the faid twenty fourth

day of June one thoufaud feven hundred and ninety four.

VI.	And id order to avoid ConaU fra&ional divifions of

daily intereft lefs than a farthing on the faid bills; be it ena&ed w ,

by the authority aforefaid, That no fuch bill Hi all be iffued tdunUer 816*.

for any fun lefs than eight pounds fix fhfilings and eight 8d.

pence 4 and that the {aid Robert Brooke may, at his option,

have and receive one bill orfeyeral bills for fuch fum pr fugis

as he (ball choofe, on the condition aforefaid^not exceeding in

the whole fuch fum. for ,which fuch biH Or biUs»pprfuant to the

provifions in this a6t may at any time or tiwuca be fiTped, fo as

nobfil do iffuc for any film greater than eight pounds fix ftfil- W. G».

Hugs and eight pence, except fuch fum as eight pounds fix commo11 Ihfilmgs and dght pence (ball he the common divider of. Yl or*

VII.	And be it further.ena&ed by ttye authority aforefaid, £eefc That neither the fix pence fet pound, nor any .other fee (hall

he payable to, nor be doduotad or received by the vice trea-furer or vice treakirets, receiver, or paymafter general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of the iffiung the treafury bills hereby dimmed to be ifiucd, 4r for receiving any fum or ftuna of money which (ball be paid into yourdMUjefiy’sjElxchoqucr in par* fuance of this aft.

VIII.	And whereas it m?y tend much.to tht<9^vantage of Profpcroo* a the laid town, of Piofperous, and to the convenience of the in- market town, habitants thereof, if a .market were:held therein, io that fuch &c* inhabitants could fupply themfelves with, proiifiona, aod other toeedfaries, without, being under a neceffity of repairing ,to dfitant places for the purchafc thereof; be it therefore enaft-td by the authority aibrelaid, That, the faid.toWfl of Prof-perous, be, and the fame is hereby conflituted, a market town, and that a.iuarket may be held huh* (aid town on .every Wednesday .and Saturday for ever ; and that all provifions and commodities which fhall or may be fold, and purchafiod atthe laid market, (hall and may be brought or carried into and out of the (aid town free Jtqoi the payment of aU tolls, cnitoms, and exa&ions whatfbever, for or by reafan .of bringingor carrying fuch provifions and commodities to orfrom a market, or on any pretence whatsoever.

IX.	And beit eiia&cd.by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (haH bedeemed, adjudged; aod t^ktn ioheapphlkk

.Vol* vii.	it	«a,

ApublickaA.

*7$	,	The twenty-tbinfand hventyftmih Tears of George III.

A. D. aft, and be judicially taken nbtice of as fuch, by aH judges* 1783-4. juftices, and other perfon* whatfoevcr, without fpecialiy plead-v— ^ J ing the fame. 1

C H A P. XIII.

. v

A1 A3 to amend an A 7, entitled. An A3 for preventing Sri-bery and Corrufthn i*bU3iuixs for Members to ferve m Parliament*

r t

*^T^HEREAS by an aft parffedin the third year of Mr T °-rw pr^fent Majefty, it ia amongft other things enafted,

1*	® fttcucc. {f mxy perfon who hath, or daimeth to have, or bereaf-

after (hall have or da[m to have any right to vote in mj election of members tOjfcrve in Parliament, (hall from and after the firft day of Jufce one thousand fever* hundred and ftxty ' four, afk, receive, or tak any money or other lewaid by way of gift, loan, dr other device or offer, or coot raft for any money, gift, office, ‘employment, or other reward whatfoever, for himfelf or any of bit family or kindred, to give his vote,

-	or to refufe or Jforhear to give bis vote in any fuch cleft io* ; or if ny perfon. by hirofelf, or any perfon employed by him, doth or (halTby any gift or reward, or by any promife, agree-ment, or Security for any gift or newgrd, corrupt or procure any perfon Or perfons to give his or their vote or vote , or to forbear to give his or-their vote or votes in any fuch eleftion,

. fuch perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid* fhall for every filch offence forfeit the film of five hundred pounds, to be tccoverilda* by the faid aft is directed, with full cofts of fiiit;

-	and that every perfon offending in any of the cafes aferefeid, from and after judgment obtained againft him in any action of debt,b(U, plaint, or information, or tummary action or profecu-

*	tiouT or being any otherwife lawfully convicted tkereoftfhall for

"ever be difablcd to vote in any election of any member or _■ members of Parliament; and alfo for ever be difabled to hold,

' Cxercife, or enjoy any office or franchife to which he or they then (hall, or at any time afterwards, may be entitled as members of any city* borough, or town-corporate, as if fuch per-©ffendet*, &o fon was naturally dead j and whereas the difeovery of filch difccrrcring o-	fecret tranfactions is often prevented* from an apprehenfion

that the™* Objecting the parties difeovering to the penalties and difare conviaed;) abilities directed by faid act 5 be it enacted by the King’s mod indemnified. * excellent Majefty* by and with the confent and advice of the lords fpifitual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if i. any perfon offending againft the faid act, fhall within the fpace of twelve months next after fuch election as aforefoid, aifeover any other perfon or perfons offending againft the aid act* Co that fuch perfon or perfons fo difoovered be thereupon

Convifted,

Digitized by

Google

4

' Ytte ftjoehty-shirdand tvvtntyfovrtb Tears of George III.	179

Convicted, fuch perfon fo difeovering and not having been	A* D.

before that time convicted of any offence againfl the faid	z 783^4.

net, (hall be indemnified and faved harmlefs from all penalties and dliabilities which he (hall then have incurred by any offence againfl this act.

G H A P. XIV.

An A cl ft r regulating the High Court of Admiral y in this Kingdom*

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the high court of admiralty in this kingdom and the mode of appealing therefrom s be it enacted by the King's molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords Ipiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, (hall and may from time to time nominate, eonftitute and appoint under the great fcalof this kingdom, one fit and difereet perfon to be judge of the high court of admiralty in this kingdom, to have and hold the faid office fo long as he (hall behave himfelf well therein, and that the perfon fo to be nominated* conftituted and appointed, (hall have full power and authority to hear and determine all and all manner of civil, maritime, and other caufed to the jurifdi&ion of the faid court belonging, or which of right belong thereto, according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm;

II.	Provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to remove fuch judge upon the adarefs of both houfes of Parliament; any thing herein to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftand-ing.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons . who (hall be aggrieved by any fentence, order, or adjudication of the faid court to appeal to the King, or to his lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom in the high Court of chancery in this kingdom, and that upon every fuch appeal the chancellor, keeper or keepers of the great feal (hall grant a commiilion or delegacy to fome difereet and well learned perfons of this kingdom under the great feal thereof, which coaunHfioners or delegates fo to be appointed, and none cithers, (hall have full power and authority finally 90 hear and determine all caufes and grievances contained in fuch ap-. peak as well in the principal matter as all eireumftanees and • dependants thereon.

M 2

The King to appoint judge cl the admiralty, Ac.

keinoveable on addrefs of both houfes.

Perfons aggrieved may ap^ pe«l, *c.



IV. And

Recital of i 12, Sc 13 Ja. 1. c. 2.

all com* 'nuflons ifTutcl undt r faid aft, djrcftrdtoadnu-lalty judge, & 3 or 4 othcr> no. min *tcd hv lord chancellor v»ny two ir.xy deter* mine, at herein.

The tnuefttyjbird and twetityfonrtb Tears of George !1T.

IV.	And whereas by an aft parted m this kingdom in the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth years of tlie reign of his late Majefty king James the firft, entitled, An A for pufufbwg ef pirates, and robbers on the fca, it is amongft other things enafted, That all treafons, felonies, robberies, murders, and confederacies thereafter to be committed in or upon the fea, or in any river, creek, or place where the admiral or admirals have or pretend to have power, authority, or jurifdiftion, (hould be inquired, tried, heard, determined, and judged in fuch (hires and places in this realm, as (hould be limited by the King’s com million or commiffidns, to bedireft rd for the fame, in like form and condition as if any ftich offence or offences had been committed or done in or upon the land, and that fuch commiffions fhould be had under the King’s great feal of this realm, direfted to fuch peFions thereindefcribed, as (hould be nominated or appointed by the lord chancellor of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, and as often as need (hould require, to hear and determine fuch offences, after the ooutfe x>f the common laws of this realm ufed for treafons, felonies, robberies, m unlers,'and cron fedei-aciee done and committed upon the land w ithin this realm ; be it therefore further enacted by the authority afforefaid, That all>commiffions to be iffoed in virtue of the faid recited aft, (hall and may be direfted 4o the judge of the high court of admimky of this kingdom, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, and to three or four fucti o-ther difcreet perfons as (hall he nominated and appointed by the lord chancellor of ireiand, or keeper or keepers of *he great feal for the. time being, purfuant to faid aft 5 aitd that fuch eomir.iffioners or any two of them, and none other, (hall and may hear and determine all and every the offence and offences named m the feid aft, and for that pHTpofc <h*H wad itmy have, ufe> and e*erclfe all and-every the powoos aad authorities which any juttices of oyer and terminer or .goal delivery, may have, ufe, and exCrcSfe, for and in refp?:1 of the aforefaid offence*, when done andcommittedopun fbe land within this realm.

CHAP. XVII.

An At fir eflabtfbing a	*whbht this	JCngJam,

Am snded 25	fupport of yow Majefty’s gWWffMMttt,

G 3. c 9. X* and the convenience of trade, by the	-of

28 G. 3. c. 43. a poft-office within this kingdom ; be it enafted by the King's no ft	Excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coufoct

jef1 at;?ft>cd	l<)rd8 fpiritnal and temporal, and commons in this

herein. * prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That as foon as conveniently may be after the palling this aft, there (hall be one general letter-office and poft-offi

cffabUK

The t*w*nt3rthirdand twatty^fourth Ttars of George IIL

eftablifbed in fome convenient place within the city of OuWm, with fub-officea throughout this kingdom, from whence all lettcra and packets whatfoever to or from places within this kingdom, or beyond the feas, may be with (peed and expe*, dition feat, received, and ditpatched; and that the perfon or . perfons from time to time to be appointed mailer of the faid office, <hail bo fo appointed by the King's i^ajefly, his heirs, and fucceffors, to oe made and conftituted hy letters patent under the great feal of Ireland, by the name aad ftile of his Maiefty'a roft-mafter General of Ireland# and that jhere (hall be a fecretary, a treafurer, or receiver general, an accountant general, and a cefident furveyor of the faid general pod-office; and alfo a comptroller of the forting-office thereof, to be appointed, made, and conftituted in like manner by letters patent under the great feal of {relaod; which faid mafter of the faid office, and his deputy and deputies, by him thereunto fufficieqtly authorized, and his and their. fervants and agents, and no other perfon or perfons whatfoe-ver within this kingdom, (hall from time to time, and at all times, have the receiving, taking up, ordering, difjpatching, fending poft, or with (peed, carrying and delivering qf an letters and packets whatsoever, which (hall from time to time* and at all times, he feqt to and from all and everv part and places within this kingdom, and to and from all and every the parts and places beyond the teas, where ppfts are now fet-. tied, or may hereafter be fettled for that purpofe, except fuch letters as /hallrefpe&Ively concern gpods lent by common known carriers of goods by carts, cars, waggons, or pack-horfes, within thisjuagdoifc, and (hall be refpeclively deliver* rd with the goods fuch letters do concern, without hire or reward, or otner profit or advantage for receiving or delivering fuch letters; and except letters of merchants, and matters,, owners of any (hips, barques, or veffels, or merchandize, or any the cargo or lading therein, fent on hoard fuch (hips* barques, or veflels of merchandize, whereof fuch merchants oi matters are owners as aforefaid, and delivered by any mat. ters of any fuch (hips, barques, orveffelf of merchandize, o?. by any other perfon employed by them for the carriage of fuch letters as aforefaid within thjskiagdom, according to their refpc&ive dire&ions, fo as fuch letters be delivered to the re-fpe&ive perfons to whom they (hall be directed, without re-ceivingor paying any hire pr reward, advantage pr profit for the fame in any wife : and alfo except commiffions, or the returns thereof, affidavits, writs, proedi or proceedings, or returns thereof, ifFuing out of any court, and any letter or letter# to be fqpt by any private friend or friends in their way of journey or travel, or by any mcflenger or meflengers fent on purpofe for or cojape wng tb* private affairs of uay perfon. arpcc&nv

II.	Pro.

exceptions, as herein.

* >'

Digitized by

Google

Said exceptions not to ex< tend as herein.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tearb of George III.

II.	Provided always, neverthelefs. That nothing in the laid exception contained (hall extend, or be conftrucd to extend, to give any licenfe or authority to any common known carriers of goods by carts, cars, waggons, or pack-horfes, their fervants or agents within this kingdom, to receive, colled*, pr deliver, with or without hire, any tetter or letters, packet or packets of letters whatfoever, within this kingdom, that do not concern goods in their carts, cars, waggons, or on their pack-horfes, nor to any owners or drivers offtage-coaches, machines, or other carriages s nor to any owners, matters or commanders of (hips or veffels, or boats called p?ffage-boats, failing coaftways, between any port in this kingdom, and any other port thereof, or their fervants or agents, nor to any paflenger or pafTengere on board fuch boats, Imps or veffels, nor to the owner or watermen on board any boat; barge, of veffel palling or repailing on any river or rivers, or navigable canal or canals within this kingdom, although fuch drivers of flag e-coaches, machines and carrfeges, owners, matters and commanders of (hips or vefTels, or boats called paffage-boats. or paffengers therein, owner? or watermen on board any fuch boat, barge, or veffel palling or repalling on any fuch river or rivet*, or canal or canals, or failing coaft-ways as aforefaid, do not receive any hire or reward, or other advantage for the lame, but that all fuch carriers, owners, and drivers of ftage-cpaches, or other carriages, owners, inafters or commanders of (hips or veffels, or paffage-boats, and the paffengers therein, ana all owner? and watermen on board pf any boat, barge, or veffel, palling or repairing on any river Or rivers, canal or canals, or failing coattways as aforefaid, colleftmg and delivering letters as aforefaid, though without hire or reward, (hall be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be perfons offending againft this aft, and (hall forfeit and pay luch fum and lums of money as perfons collecting, receiving, taking up, conveying or delivering of letters for hire, or fetting up, employing or maintaining any poft contrary to this aft, or that are or (hall he concerned therein, are herein after enafted to forfeit and u> pay.

III.	And be it enafted, That from and after the eftablift-ment of fuch office, until the twenty fifth day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty five inclufive, and no long-ft, it fhalland may be lawful to and for fuch poft-maftcrgeneral, and his deputy and deputies, fervants and agents, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of all fuch letters and packets which he (hall fo convey, carry or fend poft to and from places within this kingdom as aforc-feid, according to the feveral rates and * fnms of money of this kingdom herein after mentioned, that is to fey, for th*

port



The i*zuenty-4hiedandt*wmty-fourtb Tears of George 111.

port and conveyance of every (ingle letter or piece of paper from the office in this kingdom* where fuck letter or piece of paper (hall be put in, to any didance within the fame, not exceeding fifteeen miles lri(h meafure, the fum of two pence ; and to any di&ance exceeding fifteen miles, and not exceeding thirty miles, the fum of three pence, and to any didance exceeding thirty miles, the fum of four pence ; and for the port or conveyance of every double letter, double the faitl (urns rcfpc&ively; and for every treble letter, treble the faid fums refpe: ive]y, and for every ounce weight, four times the fuma reipeettvely, and foinprcgiortion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a fingle letter; and that all letters and packets direct ted from any place in this kingdom to auy pari or parts beyond the feas, or received in this kingdom from any part or parts beyond the feas, (hall be charged and pay for their pod age and conveyance within this kingdom, from or to Dublin or Donaghadee, according as they (hall refpe&ivcly be (hipped from or landed in either of (aid places, according to the rates aforefaid; and that every letter or packet palling through the general pod-office in the city of Dublin, from any place within this kingdom, not lefs diflant "than four miles frpm the general poft-offic$ in the (aid city, to any place within the faid kingdom, not lefs diftant than four miles from the general pod office in the laid city, (kail be charged and pay according to the diftances herein before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the fame rates from Dublin $ and that for every letter or packet dire&ed on board, or brought or fent from on board any (hip or veflel riding or (lopping In any port within this kingdom,-there (hall be charged and paid to his Msyedy, his heirs an<^-fucceffors, over and above the rates afore (aid, the fum of one penny, and that over and above the feveral rates and duties of po&age, payable as aforefaid for the port and conveyance of letter# and packets within this kingdom; all letters and packet*, coming ir*tp this kingdom bom any part beyond the feas (hall be fubjc& and liable tq pay fuch rates and duties of podage, as (hall refpe&ively be charged thereon, by the office beyond the leas from whence the fame (hall come; and that it (kail and may be lawful to and for his Majedy’s poft-mafter general* and his deputy and deputies, fervantsand agents, and he and lh£y are hereby required to demand and receive the faid rates and duties, over and above the rates and duties which maf be payable for their port andconveyanoe within this king torn,

?nd to account for and pay the fame quarterly to the revenue of fuch pod-office beyond the feas; and that there (hall be paid to bis Majedy, his heirs and fuoceflbrs, for the delivery of each	1

RritiQi ^or foreign printed newspaper, and each printed vote oq proceeding in parliament, arriving at the general pod-office

in

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 17,

/

H4	Tie twenty-Mri and twenty ftattik Y • dr* <kf Georg* III.

A. P. in Dublin or Doftaghadee from beyond the fcas, without co* 1783-4. vers open at the Tides, the fam of one penny, over and above Chap. 17, the podage which may be charged thereon and accounted W>y»* ,1 for to Great Britain,

IV.	And be it enafted, That it fhaD and may be lawful P°d to and for the faid poft-mafter general far the time being, to . eftahhfed, &c. fc^jc an^ eftablilh an office, to b* caRtd thcF?pnyPoft-Ofl&cet in fome convenient place within the faid city of Dublin, and other offices to he called receiving-houfes for peimy.poft letters in the faid city, or coqnty of the fame city, and in parts adjacent to the (aid city and fuburbs, not more than four ernes di^yt from the general port-office therein, and from theeftabliftiment of fuch penny poft office until the twenty fifth day of March, one theufand feven hundred and eighty five inclufive, and no longer, to demand, have, receive and take for the portage and conveyance of allletters and paefe-ets conveyed by fuch penny poft according to the feveral fate* herein after mentioned, that is to fay, that for the port and conveyance of any letter or packet, being not more than four ounces in weight, from and to any place within the limits of the faid city of Dublin, as the faid limits are now deferibed and afetrtained by a furvey thereof made on the tenth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, by Thomas Matthtws, fworn futveyor of the faid city of Dublin, hicH furvey, indorfed by the pofttnafter general or his fccre-tary, (hall immediately upoh the eftabliffiment of the faid penny poft-offic*, be.dcpofitcd amongft the records of his Ma-court of Exchequer, t^ere fhall be paid at the time of putting foch letter or packet into the faid penny poft-office, the fum of pfte penny 5 and for the port and conveyance of " every letter or packed not exceeding the like weight, front pr-to any place beybnd the faid limits, fo afcen&ined as afore-Aid, from or to any place within the circuit of the penny

Eft-office, there (hall be paid at the time of putting in fuch ter or packet, the fum of otfe penny, and a further fum pf one ftanhyt on the delivery thereof; and that for every letter pr packet of any weight which (hall be fent to or deli-'fered from the general poft-offtee by the penny poft from or tb any place not being within the faid limits as before afeertahi-ed, there fhdll be paid the fum of one penny ovyr and above ind exclufive of the feveral rates chargeable thereof f	V. A nd be it ena&ed, That when fucb penny poft-offica.

to collSllet-C be frttkd andeftabliihed as iforefaid, no perfpn or peHornt ter* within 4 whatsoever (Hah make any colled!iou of letters or packets in mile* of Dublin; pr near the fold city of Dublin* or county of the faid city, caclToffentt	four	miles of the general poft-office therein, with-

•nd ipol.^eek- ^ut of Ae jpoft-mafter general for the time being, upon ly.	fain of incurring the forfeitures and penalties to be forfeited

- ” -



The twenty^hrJm^Pt&tnt^mrA Yk*n •/ Goorgo IP.	185

and paid by pcrfofta colled ittg* receiving, carrying, ro-car-	A. D.

ryiog, and delivering Idfrvsoorttrtwy totbit a6h	1783-4.

VL And bo it enacted* TbatUo letter, packet, or pared, Chap. 17, (hall be forwarded by die penny pod, which IheD exceed the weight of four otiftaes, other than fuch ait hare firft come by Not more, the poft to the general poft-office, or fall be paffiog by the ,hanA«>e«c.fcy petmy-ywfl anto the general ftoft-oflictf	P*S^2Tio or

VII.	And be it kidded. That every bill of exchange, from general merchant* accoant, imoioe, or bill of lading, writ, procefe, poft-office. pr proceeding atlaw, Written upon the feme (heat or piece of paper with a letter* and eterjr letter to or from fcver&l or dif- ft^/^t^dasdU tinct per fans written upon the fame (heet or piece of paper, letters, (hall be rated, taxed, and paid for as fo many federal or diltinft. letters, according to the rates eftablifhed by this a&, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftaad-

fag-

VIII* And whereas patterns of cloth, filk, fluff, afid fmali Single kttm famples of other forts of goods arc frequently inclofed in a in<lor^» 4c* (ingle letter or piece of paper, and fent by the poft s be it “kireed^Ldw enacted. That for every (ingle letter or cover, indoifed on the bk.* outfide, “ Patterns,” containing one or more paper or papers with patterns* 0r containing otte or more pattern or patterns of cloth, filk, or fluff, or one or tnorc femple or fern* pies of any other fort of goods, and containing no other writing, matter, or thing, five only what appertains to fuch patterns or famples, if the fame together do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable by this aCt for a double letter, (hall be paid* ani up more, any thing herein eon* tained to the contrary notwithstanding,

IX.	And for the better ascertaining of dlflahm* and for poft-aufctr preventing dlfputes touching the fame 1 be It etoa&ed, That it tohaye poft (hall and may b« lawful to and for fuch perfert and pdrfons aS roads meafeiod. the poft-maftef general for the time being, (hall appoint, to

meafure, or caufe to be ttieafured, by the wheel, or Othe** wife, Oh the poft roads which ate now fettled and eftabUJhedj or which (hall hereafter be fettled and cftUbllfhed in any part of this kingdom.

X,	Provided always, That fuch perfon or perfons who perfbmap-fhali be fo appointed as afertfaid to meafure the laid dif- pointed to mea. tancCS, and every of them, (hall be fwoTn to perform the J“re ^dd rads, feme according to the beft of his and their (kill and judg*

(pent, which oath (hall and tnay be adminiftered by any jui- ^ ^haeiii! tice of the peace within this kingdom, who is hereby au* thorized and required to adiniftifter the fame ; and fneh per*-(bn or perfons, fo to be appointed and fwom as aforefeid,

(hall, and he and they are hereby required to caofe a fair fiirvey Or book to be made of all the poft roads within this kingdom, which (hall be left in the general poft-office in Dublin, with the feM	general, there to remain*

- Which

<•

♦v

The twenty-third and twmtyfomrth Tears of George II I.

which laid furvey or book (hall be figned by the perfbn or perfons making the fame, who it and are hereby refpedively required to make oath of the truth of fuch furveys, which oath (hall and may be adminiftered by any juftice of the peace in this kingdom, who is hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame, and a certificate of his or their having fworn to the truth thereof, (hall be figned by the poft-mafter general for the time being, which book or furvey (hall determine the didances on all the faid pod- * roads : and in cafe of any fufpicion of error, or wrong ad-meafuremt nt, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid poft-mafter general to cao£e new furveys to be made, and the lad furvey which (hall be made, and (hall be verified and attefted as aforefaid, (hall in all courts of juftice within this kingdom be condufive evidence of fuch didances as aforefaid, in * all matters concerning this ad ; and all rates granted by tbt« ad for the pore or conveyance of letters and packets (hall be paid and taken according to fuch furveys.

XI.	And be it ena&cd. That all letters and packets that by any mafter of any (hip or veffel, or any of his company, or any paflenger therein, (hall or may be brought to any poft-town, or which (hall arrive or touch at any port belonging to any poft-town within this kingdom, or any the members thereof, or which (hall lie on board any (hip or veffel that (hall or may touch or ftay at any fuch poft-town (other than fuch letters as are before excepted) (hall by fuch mafter, paffenger, or other perfon, be forthwith delivered to the deputy of fuch poft-mafter general for the time being, to be fent poft according to the feveral and re-fpc&ive diredions of the fiune.

XII.	And that no (hip or veffel (hall knowingly be permitted to break bulk or make any entry in any port in this

the dcj'uty,'to kingdom until all fuch letters or packets (haft be delivered, be fent by poft, as aforeiaid, to be forwarded according to their refpedive diredions in the fame courfe that other letters are fent from except letters fuch refpedive poft-towns (except fuch letters and packet* as herein a* or ma7 be flight in any (hip or veffel liable to the performance of quarantine) all which letteis and packets lad mentioned (hall be delivered by the perfon or perfous having poffeffion thereof to the perfon or perfons appointed to fu-perintend the quarantine, that all proper precautions may be by him or them taken before the delivery thereof, and when due care has been had therein, the faid letters or packets (hall be by him or them difpatched in the ufual and accuf-tomed manner by the poft 5 and all matters, mariners, and penalty xol. paffengers, and other perfon or perfons neglcding or refu-to Kmg and Jing to deliver the letters or packets brought by them as pro ecu or, aforefaid, (hall for every negled or refufal rdpedively forfeit the fura of twenty pounds j one moiety to his Majefty, hi*

heirs

"Ship letters fent to general pod-office.

Ship letters delivered at

towns tf%

The twenty-third ami twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfoTis who (hall inform againlt fuch offender or offenders, and fue for the laid penalties and forfeitures ; and for the encourage ir.eot of all mailers and other perfons to deliver all letters or packets to the deputy poll-nrader of the port or

deputy poft.

place at which they fhail touch or arrive, they (hall receive

of the fa id deputy one penny for every letter and packet fo icc‘tcr% Ac ?

brought, giving a receipt for the fame,

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing Not to prohi-

herein contained fhail be underilood to prohibit at any place °*tiCf	C*fi

or town, more than four miles dill ant from the general poll- town where * office, the carrying or ; e-carrying of any letters or packets above four

to or from pny town or place, to or from the next or moll miles, convenient poll-town or ftage ; but that every perfon (ball have free liberty to fend ana employ one perfon to carry the faid letters or packets as aforefaid, and to bring back from any pod-town or flage, letters and packets for any perfon or perfons by whom he (hall be employed.

XIV.	provided, That nothing herein contained (hall be Nooetocol-conftrued to extend to give liberty to any perfon or perfons wbatfoever, to make collections of letters in or near the city dr^it'wiUiiuic of Dublin, or county of the fame city, or fuburbs thereof, s lienee it out within the circuit of the penny poft-office, under pretence of po^ maker, conveying the fame to any parts or places in the faid city

or fuburbs, or unto the faid general poll-office without the licence of the poU-mafler general for the time being ; and any perfon or perfons afting contrary hereto, (hall forfeit and pay as perfons collefting, receiving, carrying, re-carrying, and delivering letters contrary to this aft, are hereby enaft-pd to forfeit an\l pay.

XV.	And for the better management of the faid pod- Roles for

office, and that the people of this kingdom may have their pok* and iUges, intercourfc of trade and commerce the better maintained, and *c*	**	oD"

their letters and advices conveyed, carried and re-carried nJS^andde-with the greatell fpeed, fecurity, and convcnicncy that may pUUea.

b^; be ;t enafted, That the faid pod-maker general and his deputies Oiail from time to time obferve and follow Inch orders, rules, directions and inftruftions for and concerning the fett foment of polls and dages upon the feverai roads, crofs roads, and bye ways in this kingdom, as his Maiefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, or the lord lieutenant, or other Chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being (hall from time to time in that behalf make and ordain.

XVI.	And be it enafted, That the pod-mailer general Poftmaker for the time being, (hall caufe an account to be kept of all couou^Ac *C~ monies arihng to his Majefty, his heir$ and fucceffiors, by

virtue of this aft.

XVlt. And be it enafted, That the net revenue and mo- Net revenue mes arifmg by the rates and duties hereby granted to his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, after paying all chaxges, Slrge* paid i*>-

i	outgoings,	to neafury.

Digitized by

Google

Any perf-m BfglcCTin^ p^r-fornpance, en> bczzl:;or in il applying money.

forfeit, &c. as herein

foe* accounts cd lor.

No letmr* exempt from duty except as herein after.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Temrs of George 1IL

outgoings, difbui foments, expences and felaries neceflary for the receipt and management of the feme, and all ex^ence* attending the faid office, and the due execution of this ad, fliall be paid into his Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom, in fuch manner and at fuch time and times as his Majcfty, hit heirs and fucceffors, or {he lord lieutenant or other chief go* vernor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, fhaR dirtd and appoiut.

XVIII,	And be it enaded, That in cafe the poft-maftef genet al, or any perfon concerned in the execution of this ad, (hall ncgled or refufc to perform any matter or thing wintfoever, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad; or if they, or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this ad,, (hall embezzle, divert or mifapply any of the monies by {hem or any of them collided or received by virtue of this ad, contrary to the tenor and true meaning thereof, then and in every fuch cafe, they and every of them, fo offending, (hall forfeit their fe-veral offices, and be incapable to fyrve his Majcfty, his hehrs or fucceffors, in any office or pl**ce of trull or profit, and (hall be liable for every fuch offence to pay treble the Turn fq embezzled, diverted, or mifapplied,

XIX,	And be it enaded, That neither the fix pence fer pound, nor any other fee, (hall be payable to, or be de-duded or received by the vice-treafurer or vice-treafurers* receiver or paymafter-general, clerk of the pells, or any

♦other officer or officers of this kingdom, to his or their ovm ufe or ufes, for or on account of the iffuing or payment of any fum or fums of money arifing hy, or which (hall be received for or orr account of the aiife hereby granted to hi* Maielly, his heirs and fucceffoia, or of any payment to be m^de in purfuance of this ad, but that the fame (hall be duly accounted for to his Majcfty, hi9 heirs and fucceflots.

XX,	And be it enaded. That no letters or packets fent by the poll to or from any place or places whatsoever, fhaty be exempted from paying the duty of poftage according ta the rates eftabliflud by this ad, other than and except luch letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in fuch manner and under fuch reftridions as are herein after declared and enaded concerning the fame, that iq to fey, all letter* and packets, not exceeding the weight of two ounce*, fent from and to any places within this kingdom during the fit-, ting of any feflion of Parliament, or within forty^ days before, ot forty days after any fummons or prorogation of the winch fhall be figned on the outfide thereof by any tnembcp of either of the two houfes of Parliament in this kingdom,, and whereof the whole fuperfeription (hall be of the baud wiiting of fuch member, and Hull have endorfed

thereof,

Tie tomiy4bwd and twenty-fourth Tttrt of George III.

theteonin Che Tank hand writing, the month and the day of the month when the fame (ball be put into any poft office of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the pofl; and alfo all letters and packets not exceeding the like weight, which {hall, during the fitting of any feffion of Parliament, or within forty days before or forty days after any fummoas or prorogation of the fame, be dire&ed from any place in this kingdom to any member of either houfeof the Parliament ofthis kingdom, at any of the places of his ufual reiidence, or at the place where he (hall a&ually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at the houfe of Parliament of which he is a member; alfo all letters and packets from and to any place within this kingdom, direfted to hi? Majefty's Jieute^ nant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, his Majefty's principal feeretary of date for this kingdom, the chief feeretary of the faid lieutenant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the under feeretary and fitft clerk for the civil department in the faid chief fecretary’s office, the under fecretaiy and firft clerk for the military department of the office ot the faid chief feeretary, or to his Majefty's poftmafter general of this kingdom, the feeretary of the faid general poft office, the comptroller of the fortrog office in the faid general pofl office, and the furveyors of the faid poft office, all for the timebeing, and all letters and packets fent from any of the foidwfiiccrs for the time being, from and to any place in this kingdom, which (hall relate to the bufinefs of their refpec-tive offices, or their own private concerns only, and fhall be figned, fuperfcribed, and dated on the outfide of fuch letters as aforefaid : and in cafe any fuch officer (hall receive under cover to him, with intent to evade the payment of any 4>f the 'Mtes granted by this a&, any letters or packets intended for, or dire&ed to other perfons, every fuch officer is hereby authorised and required to fend the fame to the general poft Office in Dublin, in order that fuch letters and 'packets may be charged with the duty of poftage payable thereon, it being the true intent and meaning of this afct ibat'thcpmftege of fending and receiving letters and paek-ets4>y foch officers (hall extend to fuch letters and packets Only >aa relate to the bufinefs of their refpe&ive offices, or their own immediate and private concerns; and alfo except fetters and packets fent from the general poft office in Dublin, and Which fhall appear by an endorfement made thereupon by feme perfon or perfons (not exceeding two in number) authorized under the hand and feal of the poft-mafter general of this kingdom for the time being, to be upon his Majefty’s fervice, and (hall be fealed with the feal of the faid

Eal poft Office 5 which perfon or perfons are hereby y foxbid fo to indorfe and feal any letter or packet 3	wbatfoever.

1^9

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 17.

Digitized by

Google

*9°

A. D.

17*3-4-Chap. 17.

filial* y on liloficncc. Si

id offence diiarfied from office.

Repealed by as G. 3 c. 19. 1. 12.

Cover*, letters, and pack, etadtreded to members, Ac. as herein,

charged ire* ble duty.

7Z* twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tedrs of George lit.

whatsoever, unlefs fuch only concerning which they Audi it-ceive the ipecial direction of their fuperior officer, or whirii they fhall themfelvcs know to concern the bufimfs of the po!t office: anfd if any perfon or perfons, authorized as aforefaid under the hand and feal of the faid poft mafirr general, (hall knowingly make and fubferibe fuch indorsement, or procure the fame to be made on any letter or packet which docs not really concern the bufinefs of the faid genml pod office, he fhall for the firft offence forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, and for the fecond offende fhall be dif-uuffed from fiis office.

XXI.	Prorid-d always, and be it enabled. That in cafe any perfon intitlcd to fend letters or packets free of the duty of pedage, being by bodily infirmity difobled from writing the whole fuperfeription, indorfement and date of fuch letters or packets, fhall chufe to authorize, and appoint iome one perfon on his behalf and in his dead to fign his name upon and write the whole fuperfeription and date of and upon fuch letters and packets, and fhall caqfe notice thereof in writing, under his hand and feal, to be transmitted to the pod-madcr general of this kingdom, all letters and packets figned, fubferibed, and dated as aforefaid, by the perfoo fb authorized and appointed, fhall be allowed to pafs equally free of the duty oi poftage, and fhall in all refpe&s be oob-fidered as if the whole iuperfeription, fig nature and date had been of the hand writing of the perfon by whom fuch authority was given*

XXII* Provided always. That jk> letter or packet, figned, fuperfcribrd and dated under the hand writing of fuch member, fhall pafs free of poftage until fuch member fhall by at* der, under his hand and feal, revoke fuch notice*

XXIII.	And whereas many frauds may be pra&fed in fending covers, letters and packets by pod, directed to members of Parliament at places where fuch members do not txfuaQy refide and are not then refident, and at different houfes and places in the fame pod town, and by dire&iog covers, letters and packets to members at their ufual places of refidence, containing other, letters and packets intended for others, and not intended for fuch members to whom the covers, letters and packets are fo directed, on which covers, letters, and packets, fo dire&ed and inclofed, private marks may be put, whereby the perfons for whom fuch letters are really intended may receive fuch covers, letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, to the injury of the revenue: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid poft-maftcr general, and all perfow acting under this a&, to charge the whole of fuch covers, letters and packets, with treble ihc duty of poftage, according to

7be twenty-tbiri and t&enty+fowrtb’ Tears of George III.	191

the rates eftablifhed by this a&, any thing herein contained A. D. to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	1783-4.

XXIV.	Provided always. That if it fhall appear by the cer- Chap. 17. tificate of fuch member, That fuch cover, letter or packet, v_—

(b charged, was actually intended for fuch member, and not Such charge covering a correfpondence to any other perfon, that then member’feer-and in every fuch cafe, the poftage fo charged and paid for tificate, &c. every fuch letter, cover, or packet, (hall be returned to fuch member.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Vote% &c. nothing herein contained, (hall extend to charge with the of Parliament, duty of poftage, any printed votes or proceedings in Parlia- dfrTaeTto a&C ment, or printed newfpapers, being fent by the poll with- member free out covers, or in covers open at the Tides, which (hall be from duty, figned on the outfide thereof by any member of Parliament

in this kingdom, or which (hall be dire&ed to any fuch member at any place within this kingdom whereof he (hall have given notice in writing to the poft-mafter general of Ireland, or which (hall be fent by certain officers m the office of his Majefty’s poft-mafter general, who (hall be thereunto licenfed by the faid poft-mafter general refpe&ively 5 but that all fuch votes, proceedings in Parliament, and printed newfpapers, fo fent and figned as aforelaid, (hall be received free of the duty of poftage.

XXVI.	Provided neverthelefs, That no fuch printed Such news newfpaper (hall pafs free of poftage from the general poll- muft he pui office, purfuant to any fuch notice, unlefs the lame (hall be

put in there before the hour of ten of the clock at night; as herein.’ or from any other poft-office in this kingdom, unlefs fuch newfpaper (hall be put in there two hours at the lead before the ufual time of the poll being difpatched therefrom.

XXVII.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be packet open

lawful to and for his Majefty’s poft-mafter general of this at fides exa-kingdom, or any of the officers employed under him, to	*c-	89

examine and fearch any packet fent without a trover, or in hcrem‘

a coyer open at the (ides, io order to difeover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatfoever be inclofed or concealed in or with fuch printed votes, proceedings, or printed newfpapers, and in order; to difeover whether fuch printed newfpapers (hall have been duly damped; and in cafe any letter or paper or thing whatfoever (hall be found to be in-elofed, written or concealed in, on or with fuch printed votes, proceedings in Parliament, or newfpapers as afore -faid; or in cafe there (hall be any writing other than the fuperfcriptjon of fuch printed votes, proceedings, or newfpapers, or any of them, or on, in the cover thereof, the whole of fuch packet (hall be charged with treble the duty of poftage by this a& eftablifhed : and in cafe any fuch newfpaper (hall appear not to have been duly ilamped, every

Digitized by Goode

Ifi	Tixtom*r*k*f &m*Qt Ut

A. D. fnch officer** hereby required to rtopthe feint, and Aini it to 1763-4.	the* commiffioner* of ibdilpxlauts, nt their office fe the city

Chip. 17. of DubBn.

a—v> j	XXVIII. And be it caa&ed, Thtt tf tiny ptffoa or per-

F®cP°f» Tons whatfecsor within this kingdom, (hah forge or countor-feit the fcttl or hand'Wrkimg, or nuke lift of the na«K of oJae/date, «ny perfen whatsoever is the fupcrfgriptioa of toy letter or &c. to avoid	packet tn be fent by the pall, in order to avoid the payment

P^ftage,	cf the duty of portage, or fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter,

or (hall procure to. be forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date upon the fuperfcriptton of any fuch letter or packet, or fttaR write, or *caufc to be written and fent by the poft, any letter or packet, the fuperfcriptioo or caver whereof iballbe forged or counterfeited, or the date upon fuch fuparfoription altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of portage, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, every person fe offending, fhall for the firft effr^ce forfeit the him of fifty pounds, and for the focood offence tlie focn of one hundred pounds, and for >thc third offence fdony and he deemed guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported for uxnlporutioQ fe~eo years.

7 7«*»?	XXIX.	And	for	the	better	difcoverin^	and	bringing to

Repealed by juflice perfeos who may be guilty of forgmg or counterfeit's G- 3- c. 19. thc hand-writing of any member of Parliament, or perfect a&mg in purfuance of this a&, in the fuperfcnption of letters and packets to be fent by the poll 5 be ,«t enaded. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Mtytfty’j port-xsafter general, and hts deputies and officers, to fend any letter or packet, the fuperfuription whereof, or any part of it (hart appear to be forged or counterfeited, or the date upon fuch fuperfcnption forged, counterfeited, or altered, in or-•	dcr to evade the payment of tbe duty of portage, to the

member or other perfen whdfe name or feperferiptfen is fef* pt&ed coke forged, counterfeited, or altered, in order that be declare whether the feme is forged, counterfeited, or altered : and if the member or other perfen (hall deafest the feperfcription to be forged, or the date thereof ta be altered, it (hall and may be bwful fer fuch pofftmaffer general, and his deputies and officers* to open, flop, and detaiV&ch letter or packet, in order to find out tine perfeu guilty of fuch offence.

No perfen XXX. And whereas abufcs may be committed hyjrffeUy ^ile^or opening or embezzling of letters or packets, to the great ttroy letters, difeoiiragcmcnfc of correfpoidcoce, trade and corr^ncrec, 8ec. except as for prevention whereof ; be it euadted, That from and af-ter the parting of this a&, no perfen or perfens within this kingdom fluff wittingly, willingly, or .knowingly open, embezzle, or dertroy, or caiife, procure, or permit, or fuller to be opened, embezzled or destroyed, any letter or packet after the feme fhall be delivered into the general or other

pod-

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George Ilf.

poft-office, or into the hands of any perfon or perfons employed for the receiving or carrying poll letters, and before delivery to the perfons to whom dire&ed, or for their ufe, except by an exprefs warrant in writing, under the hand and feal of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of governors of this kingdom for the time being; or except in fuch cafes where the party or parties to whom fuch letter or packet (hall be dire&ed, or who is or are hereby chargeable with the payment of the poftage thereof, (hall refufe or neglcft to pay the fame; and except fuch letters or packers as (hall be returned for want of true directions, and where the party to whom the fame is or are dirc&ed, cannot be found ; and that every perfon offending herein, being there- * penahv, fo-of convidled in due form of law, (hall be deemed guilty of lon>* without felony without benefit of clergy.	*

XXXI., And be it enabled. That no peifon or perfons I'oftraaflcr (hall be capable of having, ufing, or exercifmg the office of poft-mafter general, ftcretary, treafurer, receiver-general, fore acting to accountant-general, refident furveyor or 'comptroller as take the follow-aforefaid, or any other office relating to the poll-office/ or oith •* any branch thereof, or be any wife concerned in receiving,

(lamping, forting, charging, carrying, conveying, or dc-	'

livering of letters or packets, anlefs fuch perfon (hall have firft taken the following oath before fome one juftice of the peace for the comity or place where fuch perfon rcfidcs, which faid oath fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to adminifter in the following words :

I A. B. do fwear, that I will not wittingly, willingly, or Oath. knowingly open, detain, or delay, or caufe, procure, permit, or fujfcr to be opened, detained, or delayed> any letter or letters, packet or packets, which Jhall come into my hands, power or cuftody, by reafon of nty employment in, or relating to the pojt-effice, exhept by the confent of the perfon or perjons to whom the' fame is or jhall be directed, or by an exprefs warrant in writing, under the'band of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, jor that purpofe ; 'or except inJitch cafes where the party or parties to whom Jucb letter or letters, packet or packets Jhall be dire fled, or who is or are chargeable with >the payment of the pc fugs thereof, jhall refufe or neglect to [ay the Janie ; a,id except juJj letters and packets as jhall be returned for want of true cti ‘‘rations \-or where ibe parly or parties to whom the Janie is or jhall be directed, cannot be found ; and except fuch letters and packets as are or Jhall be by law excepted ; and that 1 will n J embezzle unj Juch letter cr letters, packet cr packets as rfnjaii; and that I will wellIndy, un*i fdy account for atlju.h jam or funis oj' money as 1 .jball raj je, or jhai! orte to n't band*, fQzvsr or cnjtjdy by reafon of ny emplym.nt, or d a ij

VoL. VII*	N"	*	'	ot'ccf	.

*



Digitized by

No |>er fun but pc!trn:;tlcr gc-iicial, hU deputies, C*c lb.ill I t up any nv*n-iut «f umvcy-aucr for kt'crs, ^•e. by feu or Uud,

pen alt 7 »1.

ca h cf.V’i-c,

in:! • •r \ ’Ar.k durii.y-euiitinu^iKe,

Poft-bofs, ri< ders carnages, £cc. Hull pafs free from all toll, rate or duty.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George 111.

other employment which I Jball harve or enjoy in or relating to

the prjt-cjjt;c.

XXXII.	And be it enabled, That no perfon or perform whatfo- ver, or body politick or corporate in any port of this kingdom, other than fuch poft-ma(ler general, as fhall from time to time be nominated and appointed as aforefcid, and his deputy or deputies, fervants or agents, or othet perfons a&-fng under this a&, fhall receive, take up, order, difpatch, convey, carry, recarry or deliver any letter or packet, other than as before excepted, or make any colledUon of letters, or fit up or employ any foot-poft, horfe-poft, packet-boat, or o-tlufr veffcl or boat, or other perfoq or perfons, conveyance or conveyances whatsoever, for th$ receiving, taking up, ordering, difpatching, conveying, carrying, recaxrying, or delivering any letter or packet by fea or by land, or on any river or canal within this kingdom, by means whereof any letter or packet or letter* fhall he colle&ed, received, taken up, ordered, difpatched, conveyed, carried, retarded, or delivered, by fea or land, or on any river or canal within this kingdom, other than as before excepted, on pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds for every offence againfl the tenor of this pre* Amt aft; and alfo the fum of one hundred pounds for every week that any offender againllthis adl, (hall receive, take up, order, difpatch, convey, carry, recarry., or deliver any letter or packet of letters by fea or land, or on any river or canal within this kingdom, other than as before excepted, or (hall fet up, continue, or employ any foot-poll, horfe-poft or packet-boat, or other veffel or boat, or any other perfon or perfons, conveyance or conveyances \yhatfoever, for the receiving, taking up, ordering, difpatching, conveying, carrying* rccarrying, or delivering of any letter or packet of letters by fea or by land, or on any river or canal within this kingdom as aforefaid.

XXXIII.	And be it ena&ed. That all poft-boys or riders, fervants and other perfons, carriages, and horfes u hatfoem, employed or to be employed in fetching, carrying, convey Jug, or guarding his Majefty’s mails of letters and expoeffe®, upon all poft-roads, whether dire& or crofs-roada, and acrofe all ferries yrithin this kingdom, fliall be allowed and permitted to pafs and repafaby night and by day, at all hours, through all turnpike gates or bars, created or tp be erected upon all or any of the faid poft-roads or highways, and over all bridges, and acrofs all ferries, and through the gates of walled towns, without the payment of any toll, rate or duty, either when the faid poft-boys or riders, fervants or other perfons, horfes, or carriages, fo employed, and fetching, carrying, conveying or giro ding any fuch i.uiils or exprCflcs from one ftage to another, or returning back again from the ilage where the fame

hare

The t<wcntytblrd and twentyfonrlh Tears of George III.	195

have been laft delivered * any law to the contrary in any wife A. D. notwithflanding.	1*8 3-84.!

XXXIV.	And be it enabled, That if any colledlor or Chap. 17. receiver* ferryman or other perfon whatfoever appointed or 1 intruded, or employed to take or receive the toll or rates at tyot permitting, any turnpike-gate or bar ere&edupon the fa id highways,bridg- poft to pafr es, and pofl-Yoads, or at any ferry, or any perfon who has or without deky, (hall ha^e the caie pf any gate of iny walled town, or the	Cv ** lcrciP»

cuftody of the keys of fuch gate, fhall demand and take any toH or rate for the poft-boy or rider* fervant, guard or other perfon, horfes and carriages employed as aforefaid, palling through, over, or acrofs the fame 5 or fhall not permit and fuffer the horfes and carriages, together with the poft-boy, or rider, fervant, guard, and other perfons fo employed, to pafs through fuch tolkgates, bars* or gates, and acrofs fuch ferries* without delay; or if any ferryman fhall not within the fpace of one hour sifter demand made, in all poflible cafes, convey the poft-boy* rider, fervant, guard, and other perfons* together with the horfes and carriages employed a3 aforefaid, a-crofs fuch ferry, to the ufual landing place 5 or if any perfon having the care of any gate of a walled town, or the cuf-tody of the keys of fuch gate, fhall not within a quarter of an hour after demand made aloud at fuch gate, open the fame, and admit the poft-boy* rider, fervant* guard, or other perfons, together with thehorfe or horfe-carriage employed as aforefaid, fuch offender or offenders bemgeonvidted thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witneues, before any juft ice of the peace within the diftridt where rite offence fhall be committed* which oath every iuitiCe is hereby authorized to adminifter,

(hall for evfcry fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, penalty 205. to be paid to the informer 5 and if the fame fhall not be forth- t0 ,nf°rmcr* with paid upon fuch convidtion, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch jufbee to commit the offender to the houfe of corredfion, or committed there to remain Until the faid penalty or forfeiture fhall be not above 21 nor

Eid, or foT any time not exceeding the fpace of twenty-one Uliticr 14 **!*• ys, nor left than fourteen days from the tiihe of commitment, unlefs fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be fooncr paid.

XXXV.	And to the end that the poft-mafter general of this kingdom for tune being, and the deputies and officers herein before mentioned, may not be hindered or impeded in their refpeSive duties and employments, in or relating to the pdff-officc within the fame ; bcitena&ed, That neither the Officer*, ficc. poll-mailer general, nor any fuch deputy or officer, or any ^Tn^on^ic* perfons adtlng'under this adt, (hall he compelled or compellable	tec***

to ferve upon any jury or inqueft, or to appear or ferve at airy affize or feffion, or to bear any yubliek office, either eccle-fiaftical, civil pr military, within this kingdom ; but the faid pelt-matter general, and all deputies and officers -3 afcrefrdd, fhall be wholly and absolutely exempted therefrom.

Na	XXXVI.

, 196

A. D.

I783-4-

Chap. 17.

Secreting, embczzlm,/, or ildln-yinvr, &c. hci'iiii],

felony without d^gy.

Robbings or ftopjjir.g, Sec, -herein,

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George Ilf*

XXXVI. And be it enadted, That if any officer, or o-ther perfon herein before mentioned, or in any wife adting under or by virtue of this ael, or any deputy,* clerk, agent, letter-carrier, poll boy or rider, or any other officer or perfon, whatfoever, employed or to be hereafter employed in receiving, (lamping, forting, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering letters or packets, or in any other bufinefs relating to the poft-office, fliall wilfully fecrete, embezzle or deftroy, or (hall w ilfully permit or fufFer any other perfon or perfons fe-lonioufly to fecrete, embezzle or deftroy,or if any other per-, fon or perfons fliall, with or without the confent of any fuch clerk, deputy, agent, letter-carrier, poft-boy or lider, or other officer or perfon whatfoever employed as aforefaid, feloniouily fecrete, embezzle, or deftroy any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or haail of letters with which any fuch deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, poll-boy or rider, or other officer or perfon whatfoever to be employed as aforefaid, (hail and may be refptdlively entrufted, or which fhall have come to his, her, or their hands or pofTeffion, which (hall contain any bank note, bank poll bill, bill of exchange, treafury or exchequer hill, debenture, or acquittance, South-Sea, Eall-India, or city of Dublin bond; dividend, warrant of the bank of Ireland or England, South-Sea, Eafl India, or any other company, fociety or corporation, navy or victualling or tranfport bill, ordnance debenture, feaman’s ticket, Irifli or Brittfh flate lottery ticket or certificate, bank, treafury, or other receipt for payment of any publick loan, note of affignment of flock in the Irilh or Britiih funds, letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling flock in the funds of Ireland or Great Britain, or. belonging to any company, fociety,. or corporation, goldfmiths or bankers letter of credit, or note , for or relating to thepaymerit of money, or bond or warrant, draught, bill, or proiniflbry note, or otherfecurity orfecurities, or paper or thing whatfoever, for the payment of money, or whereby or whereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, pr received, or recovered, or fhall (leal, or felonioufly take out of any letter or packet that fhall come to his, her, or their hands or pqffefiion, any of the vouchers, fecunties, matters or things herein before mentioned, or any other fecurity or fccuri-. ties,or paper or thing whatfoever, for the payment of money,or whereby or whereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, received, or recovered, every fuch offender or offenders; being thereof convicted in due couric of law, fhall he deemed guilty of felony, and Hull fuffer death as a felou, without benefit of clergy.	^

* XXXVII. Z1*lid be it cuncled. That if any fuch deputy,

?, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, poll-boy, or rider, officer, ot o-ther perfon whatfoever, employed as aforefaid, oTif any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, not employed in any bufinefs

relating

Digitized by LjOOQle

Tht twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yean of George III.

relating to the pod-office, (hall rob or wilfully flop or detaiu, with intent to rob, fearch or impede the progrefs of any mail or mails in which letters are fent or conveyed by the poll, or (hall (leal or felonioudy take from or out of any fuch mail, or from or out of any bag or bags of letters fent or conveyed by the poft, or from or out of any pod-office, or houfe or place for the receipt or delivery of letters and packets fent, or to be fent by the poft, any letter or letters,packet or packets, hag or mail of letters, although fuch robbery, dealing ortaking ih.dl not appear to be proved to be a taking from the perfon, or upon the King’s high-way, or to be a robbery committed in any dwelling-houfe, or any coach-houfe, (table, barn or any out-houfe belonging to a dwelling-houfe, ami although it (hould not appear or be proved that any perLa or perfous were put in fear by fnch robbery, dealing, or taking, or if any perfon (hall receive any fuel) mail or hag of letters, or any letter or packet, or any other article, matter or thing therein contained, or which (hall have been felon!oufly taken out therefrom, knowing the fame to have been dolen or felonioudy taken as aforefaid, every fuch offender being thereof convicted fciony without as aforefaid, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer clergy, death as a felon, without benefit of clergy,

XXXVIII. And be it enacled, That every perfon fo re- ReccjVdrs 0f ceiving any fuch mail or bag of letters or packet, or any other th;ng5 fQ ftolcn .matter, article or thing therein contained, or which (hall have deemed a prin, felonioudy been taken therefrom, knowing the fame to have cipal, &c. as been dolen or felonioudy taken a3 aforefaid, (hall be deemed herein, and taken to be a principal felon, and (hall be triable for fuch offence, anil being convicted thereof in due courfe of law, (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy, although the peifon or perfons who (hall have robbed fuch mail, bag of letters, packet or letter, or who (hall have otherwise felo-nioufly taken any of the articles, matters or things aforefaid, therefrom, fliall not have l>cen previoudy couvi&ed, tried or apprehended.

XXXIX- And be it engdled, That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, pod-boy, rider, officer, or other officer Deputies, whatsoever employed, or to be hereafter employed in any	ma;

bulinefs relating to the pod-office, (hall embezzle or apply, hdrC'in C ** to his, her, or their ufe any money or monies by him, fier, or felony death* ' them received with any letter or letters, packet or packets, to be forwarded by the'poll, or (hall burn or otherwifc de-droyaity letter or letters, packet or packets by him, her or them fo taken in or received to be forwarded by pod, or if aoy fuch deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier* pod-boy, rider, officer or other perfon fo employed, or hereafter to be fo employed (hall advance the rate or rates of podage upon arty letter or letters, packet or packets fent by pod, and (hall fecrete and not duly account for the money by him, her or them received

*97

A. D.

J 7*3-4-Chap. 17.

t

«



A. D.

I78.V84-Chap. 17.

Pofl-boy, &c. quitting mail or bag, &w. a&here-

in,

aiul pcrfons riding on poft borfc prcani-



forfeit roa. to informer, See. as herein.

Poft-boy or rider unlawfully calle&ing or conveying fetter*,

forfeit ics. to informer,

See. as herein.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears rf George III.

cd for fuch advanced poftage, every fuch offender, being thereof convicted as aforefaid, fhall be deemed guiky of felony, and fuffer death as a felon.

XL. And be it enaCted, That if any poft-boy or rider having taken any of his Majefty’s mails or bags of letters or packets, or any letter or packet as an exprefs under his cane* m order to convey the fame to the next poft town or ftage, fhall quit or defert the fame before his arrival at fuch poft town or ftage, or (hall fuffer any other perfon or perfbos (the perfon or perfons employed to guard fuch mads or bags of letters and packets only excepted) to ride on the horfe or carriage along with the mail or bags of letters and packets, or fhall loiter on the road, and by feOing news-papers, or fuffering them to be read, or in any other manner wilfully mifpend his time, fo as to retard the arrival of the (aid mail or bags of letters or exprefs at the next poft or ftage, or fhall not in all pofliblc cafes convey fuch mails or bags of letters* or expreffes after the rate of three Irifh miles and an half by the hour at the leaft, or in cafe any perfon whatfoever adually knowing that fuch poft-boy or rider has under hi* care any mails or bags of letter* or packets for the purpofc aforefaid, fhall ride on the horfe or carriage along with luch mails or bags of letters, fuch poft-boy or nder, or any perfon riding thereon, being theieof convicted by the oath of one credible witnefs before any juftice of peace, which oath any juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be paid to the informer ; and if the fame (hall not be forthwith paid, upon convi&on, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to commit every fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to remain and be confined to hard labour for any time not exceeding twenty one days, nor lefs than fourteen days, unlefs fuch penalty and forfeiture fhall be fooner paid.

XLI, And be it enaCted, That if any poft-boy or poft* boys, rider or riders, fhall by himfelf or themfelves, or in combination with others, unlawfully colled or receive letters or packets, or convey or caufe letters and packets to be unlawfully conveyed, and fhall be thereof convicted by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace (which oath every juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) every fuch offender fhall, for every letter or packet fo by him or them unlawfully collected, conveyed or delivered, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be paid to the informer; and if the fame fhall not be forthwith paid upon conviction, it (hall and maybe lawful for fuch juftice to commit every fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to to remain at hard labour for any time not exceeding two months, nor left than one month.

XLII.

BP

*Tbt flwPnty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George lit.

XL1I. And be It further ertafted, That fo often as any deputy or deputies, or other perfon or perfons to be employed in receiving or collefting the poft&ge of letted or packets, or any of the revenues of the poft-office, (hall happen to be in avretfr to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in ariy firm or

Deputy,

fuitts df money, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, it (hall folfeaor, <vc.

.	.	.	.	«	«	^	°<	>	...	^	.	.	.	.	,	i:> irr.'Tr

arid may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fnc- afeove^o)1^°to ceffdrt, to (he for and recover from fiich deputy or deputies, hi* Majctty, or crther pfcffon Or perfohs in a fummary way, by procefs or civil hih, before thejudices of affixe of any county, county of ■a city, or couttty of a toWn, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or chairman of the quarter feffipns in the county of Dublin; every fuch fum and futfts of money, may be prone* exceeding ten pounds in the whole, together with ccf<*ccl[ag.iir.fk the ufual cblls, upon ferting fuch deputy or deputies, or SjJcC „her^\ other perfon or pcrfon3, his or their furetv or fureties, or any of them, with fuch procefs or civil bill, fix days at the leaft incltlfive before the firft day of any afli/.es or quarter feffions to be held for the county, county of a city, or county of a town, in which fuch deputy or deputies, or other perfon or perfons, his or their furety or fureties, or any of them, (haft refide at the time of the fervice of fuch procefs or civil bill, and that if any fuch deptity or deputies, or other perfon or perfons, or his or their furety or fureties, or any of them, fhall appeal from any decree to be made againft him, them, or any of them, and fuch decree (hall, on the hearing of fuch appeal, he affirmed, every perfon or perfons againft whom fuch decree (hall be affirmed, (hall pay to his Majefty, his lieirs and fucceffors, double the cofts of fuch original decree, and every fuch affirmance of fuch decree (hall be binding and concluftve to all the parties therein in all courts of law and equity, anfl (hall not be queftioned or fet afide.

XLI1I. And be it enafted, That no aftion tfr fuit (hall	Suit*/or aft.

be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing ing under this done in purfuance of this aft, unlefs within fix calendar months	bc

after the right of aftion (hall have accrued, and the defendant	*”c

or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit (hall and may plead the as herein, general iffue, and give thisaft and the fpecial matter in evidence, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this aft; and if it ftiall appear fo to be done, or that fuch dftibti or fuit (hall be commenced after the time limited for bringing the fame, then the jury ffiall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon a verdift for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintnf or plaintiffs (hall be non-fuited or difeontinue his, her or their aftion or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgment fhall be givea

S’nft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendant® aud may recover treble cofts,. and have the like remedy

for



The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A. D.

Penalties, (fave otlurwife Hircc>ccl,) fut*<l for in court of record, See. as herein.

for the feme, as any defendant hath in any other cafe by law;

XLIV. And be it enafted, That all and lingular the penalties and forfeitures by this aft impofed on any offender or offenders againft the fame^ or any part thereof, except fuch penalties as are herein before provided to be recovered in any other manner, fhall and may be fued for and recovered by aftion or aft ions of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record, in every which aftion or aftions, bill, plaint, or information, the oa^h of the informer fhall be received as evidence, wherein no efToign, privilege, protection, or wager at law, fhall be admitted; and the {aid fcveral and refpeftive penalties and forfeitures that fhall happen from time to time to be recovered, except fuch as are herein before directed to be otherwife paid and applied, fhall be. and remain, the one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall or will inform againft the offender or offenders againft this prefent act, and fhall fue for the laid penalties and forfeitures; and on every fuch recovery, fuch perfon or perfons fo informing and profccuting for the faid penalties and forfeitures, fhall recover and have alfo taxed and paid his and their full cofts of fuit.

CHAP. XIX,

Amended 25 G. j. 10. 25 ‘ G. 3 62.	30

G. 3. 30.	31

G. 3. 26.

An Aft for regulating the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and fteady Supply of Corn in this Kingdom, and for granting to His Majefty, His Heirs and SucceJ/'ors, the Duties therein mentioned.

All duties on export of corn by former a&s to ceafe.

And from the paffing of this aCl prefent bounties to ceafe, as herein, &c.

WHEREAS the laws heretofore made, have not proved fufficient for the effectual encouragement of agriculture, and the com trade requires in many inflances to be newly regulated : i>e it enafted by the king's mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the pafling of this aft, all duties, fubfidies, or cuftoms, payable on the export of any com, grain, meal, malt, flour or bifeuit, from this kingdom, by' virtue of any aft or afts of Parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer payable, any thing in any fuch aft or afts to the contrary not-withftanding.

II. And be it enafted by the authority afprefaid. That from and after the pafling of this aft, the feveral bounties* which are now allowed by law on the exportation of all forts of corn and grain, ground or unground, malt, meal,

and

Digitized by

Google

t

*The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yean of George JIJ.

201

and flour, fhall ceafe and determine, and that in lieu thereof, A. D. whenever the prices of corn or grain, to be afeertained in 1783-4. manner herein after dire&ed, fhall not exceed the rates here- Chap. 19. in after refpe&ively mentioned, there fhall be allowed and paid upon the exportation thereof, being of the growth or produ6t of this kingdom, and fhipped in Irifh or Britifh .(hips, whereof the matter and two-thirds at leaft of the mariners fhall be his Majefty's fubje&s, the refpe&ive bounties following, that is to fay, when the price of wheat fo afeertained, fhall not exceed twenty-feven fhillings the barrel, there fhall be allowed and paid a bounty of three fhillings and four pence for each barrel thereof, and of one (hilling and four pence for each hundred weight of wheat meal, or malt made of wheat, and of one fliilling and eleven pence for. each hundred weight of flour of wheat, or wheaten bread or bifeuit, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity ; and when the price of barley fo afeertained, fhall not exceed thirteen fhillings and fix pence the barrel, there fhall be allowed and-paid a bounty of one fhilling and feven pence for each barrel of barley, bere or big, and of two fhillings for. each barrel of malt made thereof, and of one fhilliDg for each hundred weight of flour or meal made thereof, and fo in proportion ior any greater or lefs quantity ; and when the price of rye fo afeertained, fhall not exceed twenty three fhillings the barrel, there fhall be allowed and paid a bounty of two fhillings and two pence for each barrel of rye, and of ten pence for each hundred weight of rye meal or flour, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity ; and when the price of oats fo afeertained, fhall not exceed ten fhillings the barrel, there fhall be allowed and paid a bounty of one fhilling and five pence for each barrel of oats, or hundred weight of oatmeal, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity; and when the price of white peas, fo -afeertained, fhall not exceed the fum of twenty feven fhillings the barrel, there fhall be allowed and paid a bounty of three fhill’u ;s and four pence for eacli barrel thereof, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity ; and when the price of grey peas and beans, fo afeertained, fhall not exceed the fum of fix-teen fhillings and three pence the barrel there fhall be allowed and paid a bounty of two (hillings the barrel, and io m proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,'

That the faid feveral bounties fhall be paicj.and alLwed in ail refpe&s, not hereby altered, by the fame rules and regula- aj. ;n ,7 tions, and fubje£l to the fame f?curities, exceptions, ref- la former, tri&jons, penalties and forfeitures, as is or are cnadted for or in refpedi of the bounties hereby made to ceafe and dete*

rr r

%

^byGoO^ 1C

20*

A. D.

1783-4.

Chap. 19.

Price of corn, tee. for export, to be afeertain-ed. Sec. mm herein.

Noperfoo to export wheat, See. as herein.

The twenty-third and twenty fourth Tears cf George HI.

mine in at foil and ample a manner as if the fever al clauftit relating thereto were again repeated and ena£ted in this pre-fent aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afare&id. That inftcad of the mode now prescribed for afeertaitiing the prices of corn and grain, the prices of each fpcehte thereof, fhall for the purpofes of export, be afeertaioed and regulated by a medium of the average prices at which fdch fpecies of com or grain fhall have been refpe&hreiy fold in the pubh’ck market at or neareft to the port or place from whence foch corn, grain, malt, meal, flour or b&ctfk made thereof fhall be intended to be exported, on of the three market days next immediately preceding the {hipping thereof, Which average prices the chief magi Grate cf inch place is required from time to time to ^procure and return in writing, figned by himfelf, together with the medium thereof, for each fpecies refpe&ively, to the chief officer of the revenue at the port, onoe in every week, on the evening of the market-day, or on the day following, under the penalty of forfeiting for every neglect thereof, the fura of twenty pounds, to any perfon who fhall fue for die fame: and if there be no fuch magiftrate, or fuch magiflrate flail negleft to return fuch prices and medium, or if by arty other accident or means the price of any fpecies of gram fhall ndt be afeertairttd at Or for any port, in manner aforefaid, then the price of eadh fpecies of gram fo unascertained, fhaH be deemed at fuch port to be, and be regulated by the price thereof at the neareft port where the fame fhall have been ascertained in manner afnrefaid, of which price Or prices a certificate from the chief ntagiftrate or chief officer of tkq revenue at the port fhall be deemed a fufficient evidence.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That no perfon or perfons fhall export, or ertufe or procure to be exported, out of any port m this kingdom, or load or lay On board, or caufe or procure to be laden or kid oa board in any {hip, veffel, or boat, in order to be exported Out of fuch port, any wheat, wheat meal, flour, or malt of wheat, When the price of wheat in fuch port, af-certained in manner aforefaid, fhall be at or above thirty {hillings the barrel; nor any rye, meflin, or rye or media meal, when the price of rye in fuch port, afeertained in manner aforefaid, fhall be at or above twenty-five (hillings the barrel; nor any barley, here, big, or malt, or meal thereof, when the price of barley in fuch port, afeertained in manner aforefaid, fhall be at or above fourteen /hillings and fix-pende the barrel; nor any oats or oatmeal, when the price of oats in fuch port, afeertained in manner aforefaid, fhall be at dr above eleven /hillings the barrel; nor any white peas, when the price of white peas at fuch port, af-

ccrtaine^

Digitized by Google

The twnty-third and twenty-fourth Tears, 0/* George lit.	zt$

certained in manner aforefaid, fhall be at or above thirty	A. D.

(hillings the barrel; nor any grey peas or beans, or meal	1783^4.

made thereof, when the price of peas or beans at fuch port. Chap. i£. afeertamed in manner aforefaid, (hall be at or above eighteen v— J fluking* and three pence the barrel, under penalty of forfeiting for every barrel, or hundred weight thereof fo exported, or (hipped to be exported, the fum of five pounds, and all fuch corn, grain, flour, meal, malt, or bifeuit, and alfo the (hip, veflel, or boat in which any fuch article (hall be (hipped, with all her guns, tackle, apparel and furniture ; and every fuch (hip, veflel, or bo3tf on which any fuch articles are at fuch times (hipped or laden,

(hall and may be feized by any officer of the revenue, and fuch forfeiture and penalty’(hall and may be profecuted and recovered by fuch means as are prescribed by any law now in force in this kingdom relative to the revenue of ex-cife,

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- No com to (aid. That no perfon or perfons (hall export, or caufe or be exported procure to be exported out of any port in this kingdom,

or laid or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be loaden or load on board in any (hip, veflel, or boat, in order to be exported, any com or grain, or meal, malt, flour, or bif-cuit made thereof, when the prices of fuch com or grain refpedively, as afeertained in the city of Dublin, in manner herein after mentioned, (hall on the preceding quarter-day be at or above the foregoing prices refpeftively, although the prices at fuch port, afeertamed in manner aforementioned, (hall not be at or above the lame, under penalties of the foregoing forfeitures and puniflunents.

VII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained Corn, See. (hall extend or be con ft rued to fubjedt any perfon to penalty (hipped for ex* or forfeiture for exporting, nor to prohibit any perfon from ^’prices exporting or from receiving bounty upon exporting within herein, may be twenty days from the entry thereof at the cultom-houfe for exported, ftc. exportation, any com, grain, malt, meal, flour, or bifeuit

which fhall be a&uaHy Shipped, or laden on board any (hip or veflel for that purpofe, at a time when the prices thereof are under the prices laft mentioned, although the prices refpec-tively at the port where the fame fhall have been (hipped, may have rilen, after the entry thereof, above the rates herein before refpe&ively fpecified, nor fhall the fhip or veflel, or any thing on board, be forfeited or liable to be feized on that account; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And provided alfo, Thai nothing herein contain- Neceflary ed, fhall extend to prohibit the exportation of fuch or fo fuftenance for much of the faid articles as fhall be neceflary to be carried in Jomem^be^ any (hip or veflel for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport of expoitedT&c.

I	the	as herein.



a

Digitized by

Google

Duties to pay bounties, railed as herein. See.

When’ prices arc above faid rates, thcie

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George I lithe commanders, mailers, mariners, or paflengers therein, in their voyage out and home, the number of the peribat to be ascertained on the oath of the mailer, and the quantities of provifions in no cafe to exceed the proportions allowed in vifluaUing bills, nor to prohibit any perfon or per-fons to flifp or put on board any of the faid articles to be carried coallways, that is to fay, from any port or part of this kingdom to any other port or part thereof, fuch perfon or perfons having the ufual coaft cocket or fufferance for that purpofe, and giving fuch fecurity as is ufual where goods which are liable to duties on exportation are carried ccaflways from one port to another in this kingdom.

IX.	And for the further encouragement of agriculture, by providing towards payment of the aforefaid bounties; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be railed, levied, colledted, and paid to his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefTors, throughout this realm, for and upon all corn and grain, which fhall be imported into this kingdom, after the palling of this adl, the feveral duties following, in lieu and full fatisfa&ion of all former or other duties now payable thereon, according as the price of each fpecies of com aud grain fhall be afeertained in the city of Dublin, on the quarterly-day next preceding fuch import, in the manner herein after mentioned, that is to fay, when the price of wheat fo ascertained, fhall be under thirty fhil-liwgs the barrel, there fhall be paid a duty of ten (hillings for every barrel of wheat or malt made of wheat, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs* quantity; and when the price of rye fo afeertained, fhall be under twenty-fix (hillings the barrel, there fhall be paid a duty of ten (hillings on every barrel of rye or mefiin, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity; and when the price of barley and bere fo afeertained, fhall be under fourteen (hillings and fix-pence the barrel, there fhall be paid a duty of ten (hillings for every barrel of barley, bere or big, and of ten pence for every (lone of malt made of barley, bere or big, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity ; and when the price of oats fo afeertained, fhall be uuder eleven (hillings the barrel, there fhall be paid a duty of five (hillings for every barrel of oats, and fo in proportion for any greater or lef3 quantity ; and when the price of white peas fo afeertained, fhall be under thirty (hillings the barrel, and when the price of grey peas or beans refpe&ively fo afeertained, (hall be under eighteen (hillings and three pence the barrel, there fhall be paid a duty of ten (hillings rc-fpeftively for every barrel of peas and beans, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

X.	And when the prices of any fpccies of corn and grain, fo afeertained in the city of Dublin, (hall be at or above

tkc



^Tbe twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

the faid prices refpe&ively, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That there fhafl be railed, levied, colle&ed and paid for and upon every barrel of fuch corn and grain which (hall be imported into this kingdom, the fum of two pence, and no mor£ ; and for and upon every hundred weight of (hall beaduty of malt, meal or flour made thereof, which (hall be fo import- eac^ar“ ed, the fum of two pence ; the faid feveral duties aforef&id £c as herein, to be refpedivcly in lieu and full fatisfa&ion of all former or other duties payable on the import of faid articles re-fpe£fcively.

XI.	And whereas oats are frequently neceflary to be im- Three comported, for the purpofe of re freeing tlie feed, and im-	^

proving the quality of the grain in this kingdom ; be it fur- herein.* ther enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fliall and may be lawful for any three of the commifiioners of his Majefly’s revenue, by licenfe under their hands and feals, to admit to be imported without payment of any duty, between the firft day of November in any year, and the firft day of April following, any oats from Great Britain or foreign parts, upon proof being made upon oath before the coUe6lor or other chief officer of the port ( which oath fuch officer or colle&or is hereby impowered to adminifter) that faid oat8 are imported for feed only; and upon fecurity be-ing given in double the amount of the duty payable thereon, that the faid oats (hall be fown before the firft day of May immediately following the import thereof, which fecurity ffiall remain in full force until fufficient proof (hall, . be given to the faid commiffioners that the faid oats were actually and bona fide fown in this kingdom before the time aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore- Duties on faid. That all duties which (hall at any time be payable for Pea»and beans . and upon any beans and peas imported into this kingdom, Jetted (hall be remitted to the importer for fo much-thereof as (hall herein* be imported for garden-ufe or fowing only, upon proof be-	v

ing made before the colle&qr or other chief officer of the port, upon oath, (which oath every fuch officer or colle&or is hereby empowered to adminifter) that the fame are imported for garden-ufe or fowing only, and fecurity being given to fuch colle&or or other officer, that the fame (hall be fold for fuch purpofes only.

XIJI. And to remove any doubts about the contents of Wheat, rye, a barrel, within the meaning of this a ft, be it declared and cna&ed by- the authority aforefaid, That every barrel of as herein.* wheat, rye, peas and beans, ffiall weigh twenty (tones, reckoning fourteen pounds w-eight, a i oirdupois, to the (tone ; and every barrel of barley and here ffiall weigh fixteen like ftones ; and every barrel of oats ffiall weigh fourteen like

ftoLts;

205

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 19.

Digitized by v^ooQle

ao6

A. D. i7#3-4-Chap. 19.

Importer may land corn, ice. at hcrem.

Mot to be taken oat, dll fell duties paid, except uMTS

Bond dif-cKarjrcd tor fo muen at burned, &c.

The iwmtj-tkird smetiwefityfourtb Tears o/Ototge III*

Hones; and every barrel of malt, made of here or bailey, (ball weigh twelve Hke ftones.

XIV.	Add whereas it may tend to the encouragement of the corn trade, if the importers, when the afore laid larger duties (hall be payable oa importation, be allowed to lodge the corn or grain which they (hall import in ware-houfes, upon payment of part of the duties, and bonding for the remaining part ; be it further ena&ed by tbe authority aforefaid, That every importer of corn or grain, whenever the aforefaid larger duties (hall be payable thereon, upon paying down at entry two pence for each barrel of corn or grain, and giving bond for the payment of the re-fidue of the laid duties, purfuant to the prorifion herein after mentioned, may, and it (hall and may be lawful for him to land the fame in prefence of the proper officer of the cuftoms $ and all fuch 00m or grain fhall be immediately, upon landing, lodged under the joint locks of the King and the importer or proprietor, in fuch warehouse or warehouses, provided at the foie expence of fuch importer or proprietor, as fhall be approved of by any three of the commiffioners of cuftoms, or by the collector or other chief officer of the port, with free accefs and liberty for the importer or proprietor, bis or their fervants, from time to time, between fun-rife and fon-fet, to enter, fereen, turn, or take fuch other case of the fame as neceffity may require, at all feafonable hours, in prefence of fbme officer of the port to be appointed by the faid commiffioners or the cofle&or, every which officer is hereby required to attend without fee or reward.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further erta&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no corn op grain, fo ware-houfed, fhall be taken out of the ware-honfe in which the fame fhall have been ftored, until the foil duties bonded thereon fhall be paid, except fuch com or grain (hall be taken oOt at a rime when the Hke fpccies may be imported upon payment of the ffcxne duty of two pence per barrel, as fhall have been paid as aforefaid on entry thereof; and alfo except fuck corn or grain aa fhall be taken out and exported; in either of which cafes an allowance fhall be made upon the back of die bond of the duties bonded for, the quantity fo taken out, an entry of fuch quantity being firft made with the collector of the port in the ufual forrrt, which fhaU be entered in the book of the officer having charge of fuch ware-houfe, and wrote of! in the faid book agamft the account of the quantity tlored therein.

XVI.	Provided always. That in cafe any com or gTaity fo ware.hcufed, fhall be burned by fire, deftroyed or become entirely lottcn and unfonnd, in fuch ware-houfc, the bend (ball be difeharged for fo much as fhall be fo burned, deL

troved.

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-third and twenty-feurth Tears ef George III.	207

tyoyed, or become rotten, by warrant under the hands of A* D. three or more of the commiffioaeva of the cuftoms, upon 1783-4. proof made to their fetisfa&ion, on the oath of two indif- Chap* 19. fereot perfons, in fuch manner aa is directed for the repay* w— roent of duties on damaged goods.

XVII.	And whereas it muft tend to prefeeve that l*ar-rnony and amicable intercourfe which are eflenriaily necef* fary to be maintained between the two kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and to promote their mutual interefts, if each (hall refort to the other for a fupply of fuch confc grain, malt, meal and dour as the high price thereof at home may make it defirable to procure, before recourfe be had to foreign nations for a fupply ; be it further enafkxl when wheat, by the authority aforefaid, That whenever the price of rye, barley, wheat, afeertained in the city of Dublin in manner hereaf- oats, &c-ter mentioned, (hall be under thirty (hillings and not lefs 44 h€rein» than twenty-feven (hillings the barrel; or of rye, in like manner, (hall be under twenty fix (hillings and not lefs than' twenty three (hillings the barrel; or of barley, in like manner, (hall he under fourteen (hillings and fix pence, and not iefe than thirteen (hfilings and fix pence the barrel; or of oats, in like mapner, (hall he under eleven (hillings, and not Ids than ten (hillings the barrel; or of white peas, in like manner, (hall be under thirty (hillings, and not lefs than twenty (even (hillings the barrel; or of grey peas and beans, in like manner, (hall be under eighteen (hillings and three pence, and not Jefs than fix teen (hillings and three peace the barrel; all wheat, rye, barley, here, big, oats, peas and beans, malt, meal or flour thereof, being of Bri-lifh growth, and imported from Great Britain, (haU be exempted from the payment of any higher duties upon being imported thence, than two pence for every barrel of fuch grain, and two pence for every hundred weight of fuch malt, meal or flour; the faid exemption to commence fo foon and continue fo long as the fimilar articles of Irfih growth when exportable from hence, purfuaat to the pro-vifions in this a&, (hall by fome a& or a&s of Parliament to be made in Great Britain, be allowed to be imported	^

from hence into that kingdom upon the like or lower duties, imported from whenever the prices of grain there, according to the mca- Great Britain, fures made ufe of in that kingdom, (hall as nearly as the different mode of weights and meafurcs can be brought to ^*c ** m* correfpond, be refpe&ively as much lower than the prices at which fuch grain (hall be allowed to be imported and fold ther? from foreign parts, as the foregoing prices are lower than thofe at which the like articles are refpe&ively allowed by this a & to be imported and fold here from foreign parts.

XVIII,	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aferv

faid.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tbe twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears ^"George III,

See. forfeited, and $1. per cwt.

A. D. faid, for the further encouragement of the corn mills in this 1783-4. kingdom, that no com or grain, ground into meal or flour. Chap. 19* or made into bread or bifcuit, (hall at any time be imported —' into this kingdom, except from Great Britain, and of Bri-Mcal or flour, ti(h growth and manufa&ure, under penalty of the forfei-ture of all fuch meal, flour, bread, or bifcuit, and the fum of five pounds, for every one hundred weight there-

ftiipp^ogfor ex- XIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-porr, &c. as faid, That no fee or gratuity whatever (hall be demanded herein, penalty or received by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue, for or on account of or in refped of the (hipping any conn, meal, malt* flour or bifcuit to be exported, or for or on account of the payment of any bounties thereon, or any rcquifites to be performed for the obtaining fuch bounties, or for any docket, certificate, bond or fufferance for the fame going coaflways, fave only fuch fees as are or (hall be allowed by ad of Parliament, or are fpecified in the table of fees fettled in the year one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-five, and a fee of onC halfpenny, and no more, for every fack of flour or barrel of corn exported from the port of Dublin to the land-waiter there, under penalty of every fuch officer who r	(hall demand, take or receive any fee or gratuity, except as

aforefaid, forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence, to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame. eaS^nn^af- ^ And ,n or<^er to akertain m the city of Dublin the fizes (ball order price of corn and grain on four quarterly days in the year, weekly returns for the purpofe of regulating the import and export, and . of quantities bounty upon export, of each fpecies of com, grain, malt, meal and flour into and out of this kingdom, and inafmuch as a regifter of the prices at which com is fold in the feveral counties of this kingdom will be of public and general advantage ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the grand jury of each county, county of a town or city, (hall at or immediately after each fpring afiizes held therein in each year, order and direcl returns to be made weekly of the quantities and prices of wheat, rye, bcrc, barley, oats, peas and beans, from fuch and fo many market towns as they (hall think proper in their counties refpec-tively, where a regular weekly corn market is held by ring of bell, and a magistrate or other per fon properly authorized attends; and (hall and may alio direct and appoint a proper perfon, being an inhabitant of fuch market - town, town orcity» to make fuch returns to the perfon appointed, in manner herein after directed, to receive the fame ; and in cafe the perfon fo appointed to >”ake fuch returns (hall die, his duly, or become incapable of performing it, any two jiLitices of the peace, tu. ethu v. i h the high (hei iff of the county, or the chief magiitratc in county of a town

or

and pi ices of corn. See. as herein.

Digitized by

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III*	209

tit city, may appoint a fit perfon to make fuch returns un- A* D. til the next fpring aflizes.	1783-4.

XXI.	And be it farther enafted by die authority afore- Chap. 19. laid, That every grand jury (hall, at the fpring aflizes, pre-

lent, to be raifed off the county at large, fuch fum as they Grand jury

(hall think proper, not exceeding two (hillings for each re- CA*|j

turn, to be paid to the perfon appointed to make the fame, f12c^

as a reward for his trouble and cxpence, upon his produc- herein.

ing a certificate from the perfon appointed, a9 is herein ber

fore mentioned, to receive faid returns, fetting forth that

the fame were regularly made purfuant to this aand upon

making affidavit chat all the returns made by him were duly

made without fraud or connivance, and the quantities and

prices therein Contained, were the real and true quantities

and prices, to the beft of his belief, and that in the market

town from whence fuch return is made, a regular weekly

com market is held by ring of bell, and that a magiftratc or

other perfon, (naming him and his ftation attended to fu*

perintend the market.)

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Sa|(J

laid. That the faid returns (hall be made to fuch perfon in made to jxrfoft

the city of Dublin as (hall be appointed for the purpofe by appointed in

the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for Dul>hn, 8cc.

the time being5 and fuch perfon (hall and is hereby required

to enter or caufe to be entered, from time to time, fuch

returns as (hall be made to him in a book or books to be kept

by him for that purpofe, and once in every week to fend a

true copy therehf to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin,

or in cafe of his abfence, by ficknefs or otherwife, to the

magiftrate acting as fuch.

XXIIL And be it Further enafted by the authority joots ^ ^ aforefaid, 'Hiat the faid lord mayor for the time being, or	clerk	of

fuch other magiftrate as aforefaid of the city of Dublin, corn market, Ihall caufe proper books to be kept by the clerk of the cpm M herein, market, in which the quantities and prices of all kinds of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, fold in the faid city and liberties thereunto adjoining, (hall be duly, and regularly entered, and he (hall like wile caufe to be entered in the faid book, the feveral returns made to him as afdrefaid, and from the total amount of the quantities, and their refpe&ive prices in the faid entries and returns, deeming fourteen ftone9 and a quarter of flour equal to one barrel of wheat, one hundred weight of oatmeal equal to one barrel of oats, and twelve ftones of malt, or one barrel of bere equal to one barrel of barley, the average price of each fort of grain for the fix weeks immediately preceding, (hall be (Iruck by him within five days after each of the following quarter days 5 that is to fay,' every tenth day of February, tenth day of May, tenth day of Auguft, and tenth dajr of November Vol. VII.	O	in

aro

A. D.

>783-+* Chap. 19.

penalty $ook 3tc.

Expired.

Weekly return* by clefk jof market, Sec as herrm<

Copy to col-k*>or to he hun^ iu cuftom-

he UK', &C.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

in each year ; and the laid lord mayor or other magiflrate fhaU immediately* upon linking the (aid average prices, deliver to the commiffioners of his Majefly’s revenae, or their fecrettry, a true and clad account, under his hand and feal, of fuch average price of each fort of grain refpe&ively { and if any fuch lord mayor or other magiflrate as aforefaid, (hall neglect or refiife to make and deliver fuch account as aforefaid, he (hall forfeit for every fuch neglect or refufal the fum of five hundred pounds ; provided always, That until any of the (aid returns (hall be made by the perfons to be appointed by the grand juries, the average price of each fort of grain fhaH be (truck, in manner aforefaid, from the (aid entries only t And provided alfo, That the import of all corn, grain, and malt (hall be lavyfal, and may be made by any perfon on payment of a duty of two pence per barrel, without bonding, or any further duty, from ana after puffing of this aft, until five days after the quarter day which (him firit and next happen after the palling of this aft.

XXIV.	And in order to provide, in cafe arty fuch lord mayor or other magiflrate (hall rtcgleft or refufe to deliver firch account, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the clerk of the corn market in the city of Dublin, (hall otfee in every week fend to the perfon appointed to receive the retitms as aforefaid from market towns, an exaft rethrt, (tgried by huhfelf. of the quantities and prices of all grain, meal, malt aod flortr fold in the faid city and liberties, as entered by him in the books aforementioned, verifying the fame by affidavit at the foot thereof; and fuch perfon appointed to receive the returns as aforefaid, (hall once in every week puhlifh in the Dublin Gazette, and fuch other paper as (hall be directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, an abllradl of the faid return, And of the feveral othef returns made to him by virtue of this a£t; and if any lord mayor 6f other magiflrate as aforefaid, (hall ne-gle<fl oY* refufe to deliver fuch account to the faid coirtmiffi-oners, or (fin fuch account the price of any fpecies of grain (hall be omitted*, they, the laid Commiffioners. (hall order the average price of each fort of grain, or of the grain the price of which has been omitted to be (Iruck, fvoin the abfirafts aforefaid publilhed in the Dublin Gazette, for the like time and in like rtiartnef as fuch lord mayor or other magiflrate ought to have ftfuck them, and the average price, fo ltruck, (hall be publifhed by their order irt the Dublin Gazette, and lhall be deemed the price (truck in the city of Dublin until the nefct quarter day.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiffioners (hall immediately upon

fuch

*The F&cniy-tlird and tfuenty fourth Years of George III.

fuch average price being ftruck, or on receiving any filch account from the faid lord mayor or other magistrate, caufe a copy thereof to be fent tp the cofle&or of each port in this kingdom, with diredidfcs to him to hang a copy thereof on fome confpicuous place in his cuftom-houfe, and to deliver one other copy to the chief magiftrate of the tows, or pmw fon acting as fuch.

XXVI.	And to enable the lord mayor or other magiftrate to have the books which are herein before directed, kept as correctly as may be : be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* That every merchant, fador, or other perfbn who fhall fell or difpofe of, within the faid city of Dublin or liberties, any corn, grain, meal, malt or flour, whether imported from abroad, or brought by land or canal carriage, or coaftways, into the city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoining, fhafl once in every week at the leaft, make return in writing, upon oath, unto the faid lord mayor, or other chief magiftrate, far which no fee Khali be taken, of the true quantity and real prices of all corn, grain, malt, meal and flour, fold and delivered by him, and of every allowance, if any made for the fame, under penalty of forfeiting for every neglect or refufal the fam of five pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the clerk of the corn market in the city of Dublin, fhall be*paid out of the tolls and revenues belonging to the (aid city, and (Hall and may demand and receive from the city treafurer fuch yearly inm as the lord mayor of the city of Dublin fliafi appoint, not lefs than forty pounds, nor more than fixty pounds per anfiwu> the fame to^be paid by four quarterly payments, upon his making the affidavit hereafter mentioned, as a reward for his trouble in the execution of his office | and if the lord mayor (hall fail to appoint fuch fum, then the faid clerk fhall be paid fifty pounds per amutnkt in manner aforefaid; and upon refufal of payment thereof by the city treafurer, he fhall and may recover etch quarterly payment thereof from fuch treafurer by civil hiH ; and fuch fums as aforefaid, as fhall be paid to the faid clerk from time to time, fhall be allowed to the city treafurer in his account with the faid city, upon his producing the receipt of fitch clerk, and at the foot thereof an affidavit made by him the (aid clerk, that he has fairly Sad regularly entered, from time to time, in the book ordered to be kept by him as afore-mentioned, a trute and fall account of all the corn, grain, meal, malt, and flour, and of their prices re-fptdivety, which have been fold in the faid city and liberties thereunto adjoining, to the bell of his (kill, and has made true entries tnerein pf all the returns delivered by the factors, merchants, and other peribns who have fold corn, grain, meal, malt, and flour therein.

O ?	XXVin. And

2X1

A. D. *783^*

Chap. 19.

Weekly returns on oath to lord mayor, dec. at herein.

penalty on

negk& or ro* filial $1.

Clerk of market paid out of dty revenues, *c. as herein.

212 A. D.

*<783j4 •

Chap. T9.

All gralir" h« ought to D.tblin oy land, fold publickly at thcc« rn market* *r forteit-*$, aril 2oa. per barrel.

The market day*, flee.

Return# from tnai ket town* fr*c of poftage, &e.

When export of oats or oat* meal prohibited in Uliter, importers of Irifli

Jrrowth, into aid province entitled to bounties, dec. as herein.

The twenty third and twenty-fourth Yean of George Hi

XXVI; I. And for the more eafy ascertaining the price* of all grain brought to Dublin, be it further cna&ed by the aothority aforefaid, That all wheat, rye, meflin, barley, here, oats, malt, peas and bean®, which (hall be brought by land carriage to the city of Dublin, or liberties thereto adjoining, in order to be fold, fhaU be brought to the corn market houfe in Thomas-ftreet, there to be publickly fold, under the penalty of forfeiting all fuch grain, which fhall be fold, or attempted to be fold elfewhere within the laid city or liberties, and likewife the fura of twenty (hilEngv for ever)” barrel thereof.

XXIX.	And for the greater cafe of the perfons refort -fog to the faid market, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Wednesdays and Saturdays in each week fhall be the market days there, for wheat, rye, meflin, peas and beans; and Tuefdays and Vridayt for oats, bere and barley, and that no market be held there before the hour of eleven of the clock in the morning, and that the market be opened at that hour by ring of belL

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the perfon who fhall be appointed as aforefaid to receive the faid returns of the prices of com and grain in the feveral market towns, fhall receive the fame free of all duty of poftage, fo as faid returns be fent without covers, or in covers open at the fides, arid fo as faid covers and returns do contain no other matter or thing therein, fare what is herein before direfted, or relates folely thereto.

XXXI.	And whereas the manufa&urers and poor in the

Eince of Ulfter have been frequently diflreffed by the price of oats there, from the want of a fumcient "quantity thereof being raifed in the faid province ; be it for-tner ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That whenever the export of oats and oatmeal (hall be prohibited in any port in the faid province by virtue of this aft, every perfon who fhall, during fuch prohibition, import into any fuch port good found oats of Irifh growth, or good found oatmeal of Irifh manufa&ure, (hall be fotitled unto, and may receive 'the bounties following ; that is to fay, for all fuch oats or oatmeal which fhall he imported from any port in the provinces of Leinfter and Connaught, except the port of Dublin, the film of (ix pence for every hundred weight thereof ; and from any port in the province of Munfter the fum of ten pence for every hundred weight thereof; the faid bounties to be paid upon demand, without fee or reward, by the coltc&or of the port where the import (hall be made, upon 1 the performance of the like requifites, and fubjeft to the like regulations, penalties and .rellri&ions as are enabled in *refp£& of bounties on the carriage of corn coaftways to the city of Dublin.

XXXII.	Provided

Digitized by

Google

7be twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.	2t$

XXXII. Provided always, That fo long as the bounty	A* IX

aforefaid fhall be payable in any port in the province of	1783-4%

Ulfter, no bounty fhall be payable or paid for any oats of Chap. 19. oatmeal carried from the faid port coaflways to the city of v-—v——* Dublin, nor for aqy oats or oatmeal carried from any placfc But no bow within twenty miles of the faid port Wjr land or canal car- ^	*uc^-

riage to the faid city; any law to the contrary notwith-(landing.

XXXIII.	And be it further etiafted by the authority Onfcarcityof aforefaid. That whenever it fhall appear to the lord lieutc- oat a, &c. im-nant or other chief governor or governors for the time SlowVdTn an ing, and to the privy council of this kingdom, that a fear- p0r^cre by^ city of oats aftually cxifts, or is likely to happen in the pro- proclamation, vince of Ulfter, it fhall and may be lawful to and for thf &c* w herein, lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the

time being, by and with the advice and confent of the privy council, to authorize by proclamation, for fuch time as fhall be therein limited, not extending beyond the quarter day appointed by this aft, for the purpofe of afeertaining the average prices of oats, next fucceeding the date of fuch proclamation, the importation of foreign oats, or the taking out of oats, ftored in manner herein before preferibed, in any port, creek, haven or town therein to be mentioned, within the faid province; and alfo to prohibit the exportation of oats of the growth or produce of Ireland from the places within the faid province fo mentioned for the time therein fo to be limited.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority During tim®

aforel’aid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any per- Proc^.matir r ^ .	.	* , *	.	r ' r on, oat a im-

fon to import into any port, creek, haven or town 10 men- po* tC(J duty

tioned in fuch proclamation, or to take out oats, fto^d in free, ftc. manner herein before preferibed, for the time fo to be limited in fuch proclamation as aforefaid, free from all duty whatfoever, except the lower duty of two pence per barrel herein before mentioned, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further euafted by the authority .Falfeoarth

aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully, falfely pimithed as wil-and corruptly take any oaths or affirmations in purfuance of fuI PcrJurI* c% this aft, and be thereof lawfully convifted by verdift, or	•

upon his, her, or their confeffion, he, fhe, or they fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence incur and fiiffcr fuen

penalties, pains and difabilities as perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any of the laws now of force in this kingdom liable unto : or if any perfon or perfons fhall corruptly procure or fuborn any other perfon to take fuch falfe oath or affirmation, and the perfon or perfons fo procuring or fuborning fhall be thereof convifted by verdift, or

upon

Digitized Google

Dtttks {except u to ponding or allowance) railed,

&o.*»tar*uv

No foes tot j*#w«

Panaktea

(fave othcrwiXe

di re<3kcd) recovered in a epu/t of record, fife.

No bounty on export from bublin, or members, dec.

The tioentfXhird and twenty-fourth Tears of George HI.

upon his, her or their confeffion, every perfon fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, forfeitures, pains and difabilities as perfons convided of fu-boraation of perjury are by any of the laws now of force ia this kingdom liable unto,

X\XVl. And be it fiurther ena&ed by theauthority afore-(aid. That all and every the duties and rates hereby granted* fhall be raifed, anfwercd, collected and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors during the time aforeftid, in like manner, and by fuch ways and means and methods, except as to bonding the fame* or any allowance for difeouni or prompt payment, and by fuch.rules and directions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch powers as ixc appointed, directed and exprefled in and by an aft made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An ad for the fettling of the excife or new impqfl upon his Majefly9 his fxiri and fuccejforsy according to the book of rates, therein inserted* or by any other law now in force relative to the revenue of excife in this kingdom, as fully and effectually, to all in-, tents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, fpecified, and enaded in the body of this prefeat ad, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party ag-

Ericved, as in and by the faid aft of excife, or any other w or laws now in being relative to the duty of excife, is provided.

XXXVI I. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That neither the fix pence per pound, nor any other fee fhall be payable to, nor b.c deducted or received by the vice-* treafurer or vice-treafurers* receiver or pay-mailer general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or cxn account of the ifiuing or payment of any fum or films of money arifing by, or which (hall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majefty* or o,f any payment to be made in purfuancc hereof.

. XX3VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That ajl and fingular the penalties hereby enad-fd, or which f^all be incurred under the provitions of this ad, fhall and may be recovered by any perfon filing for the fame, unlefa herein otherwife dtreded, by adion, bill, plaint. Or information in any pf his Majefty's courts of record in this, Ipngdpm ; one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the uffc of the perfon filing for the feme.

XXXIX, Provide^always, and be it declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this or any otheii ad contained (hall extend, of be conftrued to extend to give

\..........‘................................... m

0The t<wentydbirdand tvtenfyfossrtb feats of George Ilf.	215

any bounty, or authorize any bounty to be paid or given A. D. on or for the export of any corn, meal, malt, flow, bread .1783.4. or bifcnit from the port of Dublin, or from any of the creeks or members thereof, nor from any port, harbour, — haven or place between Drogheda and. Wicklow i nor (haU any bqunty be paid by the colle&or of the j*>rt of Dublin, on or for the export of any com, meal, malt, flour, bread or bifcuit, which (hall be exported from the laid port, or any creek or member of the fame.

XL.. And be it further enadted by the authority afore- Notice or faid. That in all cafes where the real owner of any com, cient^fo^un. grain, meal, malt, or flour, (hipped, or intended to be ties coaftway*, (hipped from any port in this kingdom, to be carried coaft- if by real ways, is required by law to give notice, or to make any owners, affidavit, in order to entitle him to receive bounty thereonv every notice given by, and every fuch affidavit made by hta or her clerk or agent, figning himfelf as fuch, (hall be deemed to all intents and purpofes, as fufficient a notice and affidavit within the meaning of the laws granting bounties* coaftway g, as if the real owner had given or made the fame.. .

X LI. And whereas by -an a& made in this kingdom in the One penny twenty-firft and twenty-fecond years qf his Majefty’a reign* for every fuch inti tied. An ad for the better regulating the com trade of tint weight paid to kingdom, the chief commiifioners of cufloms or excifje were CTancr» &c' empowered to ere& and appoint, within the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, a crane or cranes for the weighing of corn, meal, or malt brought to the city of Dublin, which (hould be intitled to the bounty therein mentioned, and to appoiat a craner or erasers: be it ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, That from and after the puffing of this, a&, one penny, and no more, ftaU be paid by the owner or. owners of fuch corn, meal, or malt, to fuch craner and graners, who hath or have been or (hall be appointed in pur* fuance of the (aid ad to weigh the fame, for each and every., fapk of corn, meal, or malt, which fbch craner or crancra. 1 rtfpedively (hall weigh, as afgrefaid, and that fuch craner gr craners (hall and may receive, take,, and levy the fame*.

CHAR

An A ft for the more effectually fnnsjhing fuch PerfSnt as Jhall by.

Violence cbftruA the Freedom of Corn Markets aud the Corn Trade ; or *who Jhall be guilty of of her Offences there-, in mentioned9 and jor Waking Satisfaction to the Parties injured.

WHEREAS'every attempt to obftnfft by violence the freedom of the export of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour,, bread, bjfcuit, and potatoes, or the free pafTage thereof from

one,

e

216	The	twenty	-third	and twenty-fourth Tears of George 111.

A. D.	one part of the kingdom to another, either by land or by wa-

X 783-4.	ter, is Hot only a daring violation of law, but muft injure agri-

Chap. 20# culture, and be in the end produftive of dearth and famine r be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and tempo-ral and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and All perfont by the authority of the fame, That if any perfons unlawfully, maUc'*euflnd wotoufly and tumultuoufly affembled together, fhall at any time pulling down, aftCT the palling of this aft, wilfully and malicioufly pull down, fetiing fire to’, demolilh, fet fire to, or deftroy, or fhall begin to pull down, &c. any fh re- demolilh, fet fire to, or deftroy any ftore-houfc, mill, granary, hrmfe,	corn-ftack,	orotherplace,	where	com,	grain,	meal,	malt,	floor,

where corn C'&c. or potatoes are ufually ftored or kept for exportation orfale, ft ore d &c. as	or fhall unlawfully enter or break into or unlawfully attempt

be re in.	to enter or bre4k into any fuch ftore-houfe, mill, granary, or

other place, or take, carry away, throw abroad, or fpoil, or attempt by force to take, carry away, throw abroad, or fpoil any corn, meal, malt, flour, or potatoes, which fhall be ftored or kept therein, or (hall unlawfully enter on board any fhip, veffel, pr boat, wherein any com, grain, meal, malt, flour or potatoes {hall be laden, and wilfidly take, carry away, cafl oVer board, deftroy, or damage any part of the faid articles laden therein, or wilfully cut, injure, fpoil, or take away the faid fhip, veffel, or boat, or tjie rigging, furniture, tackle, or rudder thereof, or any part of fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, rig-,	ging, furniture, or tackle, or unlawfully, wilfully, and by

force obftruft or prevent, or endeavour to obftruft or prevent the loading or laying any of the faid articles on board any fhip, veffel, or boat, or fhall unlawfully, wilfully, and by force prevent, or endeavour to prevent, any fhip, veffel or boat loaden therewith, or in which any of faid articles fhall be laden, from (ailing,or fhall unlawfully, wilfully, and knowingly, and by force ftop, feize, detain, take, or drive away any horfe, car, cart, carriage, or boat loaden with any of the faid articles on the way to or from any mill, ftore, granary, or market, fea-port, or place of (hipping with a view or intent to prevent the corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, or potatoes* therein or loaden thereon, or any part thereof from being taken to the houfe. veffel, ftorehoufe, place or perfon to winch it was intended to be carried, or fhall wilfully kill or rmim any horfe or horfes, or other beaft or beafts laden therewith, or fhall wilfully and forcibly cut or otherwife breaker deftroy any of the facks, or fcatter or throw abroad any of the a-foref&id articles, wherewith fuch car, cart,,carriage, horfe or boat is or fhall be laden, or take away, or diftribute, or compel the owner, driver, or conduftor thereof to diftribute, fell, pr otherwife difpofe of any fuch article wherewith fuch car, cart, carriage, boat, horfe, or other beaft is laden, or any part thereof, or fhall wilfully deftroy any weir, fluice, milldam,

drain,

\

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	21J

drain, or outwork belonging or appertaining to any mill,	A. D.

ererv fuch perfon fo offending in any of the faid matter#;	1783-4.

and all perfons unlawfully, riotoufly^ or tumultuoufly affem- Chap. 2o» bled, who fhall aid or aflift inthe commitment, or the attempt-	«	—y—	»

ing to commit any of the faid offences, being thereof lawfully adjudged fc-convi&ed, (hall be adjudged felons, and fuffer death as ia 1<*'«» *nd fuffer the cafe of f lony without benefit of clergy. '

II.	And in order that fujl fatisfa£fcion and amends may be clergy, made for any injury or violerice done to any perfon or perfons, All damages his, her, or their property, by any offenders againft this ad :

be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all	C*

damages which fhall be fuftained by means of any of the offences aforefaid, or by any violence committed againft or contrary to this ad, (hall and may be recovered by a&ion to be brought in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in this kingdom, (wherein no efToign, prote&ion, wager of law, or imparlance fhall be allowed) by the perfon or perfons injured, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, againft the chief or an^ other magiftrate of the county of the town or city, if the laid injury or violence fhall have been committed in the county of a town or city, or againft any one or more of the inhabitants of the parifh in any county, if the faid injury or violence fhall have been committed in any parifh, not being in a county of a town or city ; and if on fuch a&ion, judgment (hall be given for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the damages recovered on fuch judgment, together with the cofts, fhall be levied as herein after diredted, and paid to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators.

III. And for the more fure and eafy levying of the fame,	Sheriff in G

be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That every ®a7#”rre-a vr	.	.	J	•	c	•	,	.	7	CCipt of wnt or

ftieriff, upon receiving any wnt or writs of execution to him execution to

diredted in purfuance of any fuch judgment, fhall within fix ferveacopy, days after the receipt thereof, ferve, or caufe to be ferved a *c. aihercia. copy of the fame, under bis hand and feal, on the defendant or defendants, if refident within his bailiwick, andlikewife on the reftor, vicar, church warden, or any one principal rcfulent inhabitant of the parifh, if the damage fhall have been incurred by any violence committed in a parifh not being in a county of town or city, or on the town clerk, treafurer, or other publick officer in a county of a town or city, meiw tioning the fum he is commanded by the faid writ or writs to levy, and requiring that the faid fum may be forthwith ap-plotted and levied on the faid county of a town, city or parifh, as the cafe fhall be, and he fhall likewife within fix days after the receipt of any fuch writ, poll a notice on the door of the church or market-houfe, or fomc other confpicuous place in fuch county of a town, city, or parifh, of the fum to be levied thereon, requiring the land-holders and inhabitants

If no applot-

mcntor collector, or not paid in 30 days, levied on die party.

Writ returned, on nexH-c-turn after 60

IherifT, &c. ■or alfiftmg ,n levyiug, forfeit loci. See.

Defendant if a magi ft rate or Juftice, tfvall ap, plot. See. as herein.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears af George III-

tants of the faid county of a town, city, or parife, at the cafe fhall be, to meet on fome certain jday, not more than four-' teen days ditiant, at fome place within the fame, to be named in fuch notice, to applot the faid fum upon fuch county of a town, city, or parifh, and to choofe a colleftor or collectors to levy the fame ; and fuch landholders and inhabitant* fhall make fuch applotment, and choofe fuch colk&ort and every colleftor ft* appointed, fhall have full power and authority, and he is hereby authorized and required to levy the faid fum according to fuch applotment, together with one (hilling in the pound for the (herifPs fees, and a further fum of one (hilling in the pound for his own trouble ia collecting it, by diftrefe and fale of the goods of every perfon refufing to ppy, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe no fuch applotment (hall be made, oar no fuch colleftor (hall be appointed, or that fuch colleftor or the defendant or defendants, or fome other perfon of the county of the town, city, or parifti, (hall not within thirty day* from the day mentioned in fuch notice for the inhabitant* and landholders to meet, pay unto the faid (heriff the full fum mentioned in fuch notice, together with one (hilling ia. the pound for his fees, the faid fheriff (hall, without dclay^ levy the fame off the goods and chatties of the perfon oc perfous againfl whom the w rit or writs (hall have been iffued^ his or their executors or admin iterators,

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That the return to every' fuch writ (hall be made by the fee-riff, on the next return day which (hall happen after fixty days from his receiving the fame ; and that if the faid fherin, or any magiftrate, or any high or petty conftable of the county, county of the town or city, as the cafe (hall be,ihall negleftorrefufeto aid and aflift fuch colleftor, or other perfon. or perfons in the execut ion of his or their duty in levying the fame purfuant to this aft, upon being thereunto required,, every fuch fheriff, magiftrate, or conftable, (hall for every fuch ne-gleft or refufal, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who may fue for the fame, by aftion or information ; and every juftice of the peace law-*, fully convifted thereof, (hall be removed from the comnnf-fion of the peace,and be incapable of ever being in thecom-miflion again, or of ever afting as a juftice of the peace.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforc-faid, That if no applotment (hall be made as aforefaid, or no colleftor (hall be appointed purfuant to the proviftoa. aforefaid, or if the fheriff (hall# purfuant to the provi(ions, in this aft, levy the whole, or any part of the money off the defendant or defendants* Ids or thcii' executors or admi-

niftratPtH

fbe twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	219

yiiftrators, the defendant* if he be himfelf a magiftrate, or any roa-	A. D.

gi Urate orjuflice of the peace, within the county, county of 1783-4. the town or city, to whom application (hall be made .by the Chap. 20. defendant or defendants, his or their executors or adminiftra-tors, or any perfon inhabiting or holding land in the laid county of a town, city, or parifli, (hall, and he is hereby empowered and required to applot the fum which (hall have been required tb be railed, or the fum which (hall have been fo levied of the defendant or defendants, his or their executors or adminiftrators, together with the fees for the (he-riff, and the collector as aforefaid, on the county of the town, city, or pirilh, as the cafe (hall be, and to iflue his	.	.

warrants tor levying and paying it to fuch defendant or defendants, his or their executors or adminiitrators, by dillrefs and fair of the goods of every perfon refilling to pay the fum applotted for him to pay.	#

VII.	And for the better prefervation of the peace, and perfong un. the fecurity of the property of his Majefty's fubjeCts againft lawfully af-all riotous, unlawful, and tumultuous attempts to deftroy fcmbling, de-or injure the Came : be it further enaCted, That if any	&c*

fans unlawfully, riotoully, and tumultuoufly aifembled to-

J ether, (hall unlawfully, and with force, demolifh or pull owi|, or begin to demolifh or pull down, or wilfully fet fire to, ofr attempt to fet fire to, or break into, or attempt to break into any budding, dwelling-houfe, ware-houfe, work*(hop, work-houfe, mill, granary, ftore-room, barn, liable, or any houfe, building, or out-houfc whatfoever, every fuch demolifhing, pulling down, breaking into, fetting fire to, or beginning to demolifh, or pull down, or attempting to break into, or fet fire to, (hall be adjudged felony, without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be adjudged felons, and-Tuffer death, as in the cafe of felony,	<irath.

without benefit of clergy,

VIII.	And be it further eua&cd by the authority afore- Ddlroying faid. That if any perfons unlawfully, riotoufly, and tu- machine, tool multuoufiy aifembled, (hall unlawfully and by force, in the*1®1®0?1* &c* day or night, deftroy, or begin to deftroy, any machine, ** or part of a machine, or any tool or utenfil ufed, or intended to be ufed, for the purpofe of manufacture, or (hall unlawfully or by force cut, break, or deftroy any goods manufactured, or unmanufactured, or if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or malicioufly fet fire to, bum, detnolifb, pull down, orolherwife deftroy any fire engine, or other engine, which have been or (hall be ereCted, for draining water from any colliery or mine, or for railing coals or minerals out of any colliery or mine, every perion convicted thereof, (hall be adjadged a felon, and fuffer death, as in felony, death. (|ie cafe of felonyj without benefit of clergy.

IX, And

DigitizecLhy LjOOQle

Like mftion for damages. See. as herein.

Plaintiff may bring his aft ion in county ad* joining.

A&ions under this aft brought in two ycais.

Grand juries to prefent ex-pences, See. as herein.

Grand jury

to prefent on county, the fum levied off the parifh. See. as nereia

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George ITL

IX.	And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who (hall fuffer any injury or damage, by means of any of the offences aforefaid, being committed, (hall and may bring like adions for the damage or damages againft fuch perfon or perfons, and fuch damage or damages and coils, (hall be recovered, levied, and paid in like manner, under the like reftridions, and with like powers and authorities, as are herein before enaded, with refped to damages fuftained, or any injury or violence done to any perfon or perfons, or their properties, by offenders againft this ad.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That where any adion (hall be brought for damages fuftained by any offence committed m any county, county of a town or city, fuch adion (hall and may be brought at the choice of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any county next adjoining thereto.

XI.	Provided alfo, That no recovery of damages (hall be had on any adion brought in purfuance of this ad, un-lefs the fame (hall be brought within two years after the committal of the offences.

XII.	And for the more effedual profecution of all offenders againft this ad : be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the court, or the judge or judges before whom any perfon (hall be tried for any fuch offence, to dired the grand jury of the county, county of the town or city, to prefent ftobe raifed off the county, county of town or city, which they are hereby empowered and required to do on fuch diredion) the amount of all fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be proved before them, in open court, to have been expended^ pie taking or profecuting or bringing to juftice iuch perfon. or perfons, whether fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been acquitted or not, the fame to be levied as other monies pre-fented by the grand juries are levied, and to be paid to the perfon or perfons who feverally expended the lame.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aftfre-faid, That if any inhabitant or inhabitants of any parifh on which the damages (hall or ought £o be levied, and cofts recovered upon any adion brought by virtue of this act, (hall profecute, or caufe to be profecuted to convidiion, any of the perfons guilty of the offence, on account whereof fuch damages (hall have been recovered within two years after the committal of the offence, and (hall make the fame appear in open court, to the fatisfadion of the judge or judges at the next or any enfuing aflizes to be held for the county wherein fuch parifh is fituate, or if in the county of Dublin, to the fatisfadion of the court of KingVbench, at the next, or any fucceeding term, it (hall and may be lawful for the judge or judges, or court of KingVbench, and he and they are

hereby

The Hoentjttlird and twenty-fourth Teart rf George III.

hereby required immediately to dired the grand jury to pre" lent the (inn fo levied off the (or which ought purfuant to this ad, to have been applotted on and levied off the) faid pariffi, to be raifed off the county, and paid to the perfons in the (aid parifli, according to the feveral payments made by them to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch moneys if levied off the faid pariffi, ought to have been paid; and every grand jury which (hall be fo direded, is hereby empowered and required to prefent the fum to be raifed purfuant to fuch diredion, as other monies prefented by them on the counties are raifed ; and in cafe any grand jury (hall refufe, negled, or decline to prefent fuch fum or fums of money as for the purpofes aforeiaid, or either of them, (hall be fo proved, made to appear, and be direded, that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the * faid court, judge or judges, to refufe, and they are hereby requiied to refufe his or their fiat or allowance to every pre* fentment or prefentments made by fuch grand jury at fuch affixes or term.

221

CHAP. XXII.

An Aft for better fccuring the Monies and EJfefts of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, ami the Court of Exchc-quer% by deputing the fame in the National Bank ; and to prevent the forging and counterfeiting any Drafts Order, or other Voucher, for the Payment or Delivery of fuch Money or Effe8sf and for other Purpofes.

WHEREAS the depofiting in the national bank of Amended this kingdom, all the monies, bonds, mortgages, 30 G. 3. 41. debentures, treafury bills, and fecurities, of what kind or 34	3«

nature foever, belonging to the fuitors of the high court of chancery in this kingdom, now remaining in the hands of the mailers and ulher of the faid court, and which hereafter, according to the courfe of the faid court, would otherwife be, and come into the hands of the faid mailers and u(her, will manifeftly tend to the fafety and advantage of the fuitors of the faid court, and prevent in future the ill confluences to which they have heretofore been expofed: and whereas it will not only tend to regularity and clearnefs in the keeping the accounts between the fuitors of the faid court, and the faid national bank, but will alfo fave trouble, and promote difpatch, if one perfon or officer only be appointed as herein after mentioned, to a&, do, and perform, all matters and things neccffary to, and confequent upon the paying and depofiting in, or receiving out of the faid national

bank,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

M after*, tec. #>f chancery, to pay into national bank ail moniet of fuitors, fuh|U« tutea, See. as herein.

fchcduln to be made diftin-guiihing quali* ty and property, Stc.

Tie twenty-tbirJani Uaxtdy-fintrih Tedft rf Gwrgt Ilia bank, all fuch monies, fecurities, and effc&s of the fai4 fuitors, as afbrefaid, and keeping the neceflary account* with the faid bank; fuch one perfon or officer lo to be appointed, to be called the accountant-general of the court of chancery, to he appointed, and to hold and cxercifc hit office as herein after mentioned: be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every the mailers of the faid court, and the ufher of the faid court, (hall, on or before the twenty fourth day of June next, pay into the national bank of this kingdom, all the monies in their hands, fevera!!y and refpe&ivcly, and for which they are federally and refye&ivcly anfwerable, belonging to the fuitors of the faid court, and fhall deliver over, and depofit in the (aid bank, all bonds, mortgages, debentures, treafury bills, fecurities, and effe&s whatfoever, belonging to the (aid fuitors in their hands, and for which they are fcverally and refpec-tively anfwerable: and for the more full and perfcdl fpecifi-cation of what (hall be fo paid in, deposited, and delivered, by the prefent mailers and ufher, and for the better and more orderly and regular ascertaining the property rtfpec-tivcly of the feveral and refpe&ive fuitors of the (aid court in the faid monies, bonds, mortgages, debentures, bills, fecu-rities, and dfeds fo to be paid, delivered, and depofited, the faid mailers and ufher (hall feverally and refpeciively caufe a fchedule or fchedules of all monies, bonds, mortgages, debentures, bills, fecurities, and effedts by them refpe&ively fo paid, delivered, and depofited, difliiigui filing in each fchedule, the caufes or matters refpe&ively in which fuch monies, fecurities and effedls were fo depofited with fuch mailers and ufher refpe&ively, and the (everal fuitors to whom they refpe&ively belong as far as hath with certainty come to his or their knowledge refpeclively, and in fuch fchedule or fchedules fhall be fet down and contained the numbers, dates, (bras, and other material deferiptions to af-certain the fame of all fuch bonds, mortgages, debentures, bills, fecurities, and effedls ; and the faid mailers and ufher (hall refpe&ively caufe three parts of every fuch fchedule to be made, one part thereof to be figned by the faid mailers and ufher refpediively, to be depofited with the governor and company of the faid national bank, one other part thereof to be figned by the faid mailers and ufher refpc&ively, and by the cafhier or fome other proper officer of the (aid bank, empowered by the faid governor and company to fign the fame, to be filed and depofited at the regifler’s office of the (aid court with the regiilcr or fume other proper perfou to

*Thc twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III., be appointed as clerk of the reports in the fat'd office under this a&9 and the remaining third part thereof Ggned by the , caihier or other proper officer of the faid bank as aforefaid, and fubferibed alfo by the regifter of faid court, or his de-putyv or fuch clerk of the reports as aforefaid, attefting the depouting of one part of fuch fchedule at the faid regifter’s office {hail remain with the faid mailers and uiher refpec-tively 5 and the (aid fchedules fo refpe£Uvely formed and Tigned as aforefaid, fhall be proof and evidence for and againft the faid mailers and ufher, and the faid bank', of the payment, and of the delivering and depofiting by the faid mafters and uiher refpe&ively of all fuch monies, bonds, mortgages, debentures, bills, fecuritics, and effe&s of the faid luitors in thefaid bank as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch bonds, mortgages, debentures, bills, or other fecurities or effe&s ihall be made in the name or names of fuch mailers and ufher ferei-ally and refpe&ively, or the legal property thereof ihall be veiled in them, or either of them, then in all and every fuch cafe and cafes, the faid mailers and uiher ihall feverally and relpe&rvely affign and transfer over the fame and their whole iutereil therem to the faid perfon or officer to be ap. pointed and to be called the accountant general of the court of chancery, fuch alignments to be free from all damp duty or any other duty impofed by ad of Pailiament; and that all bonds, mortgages and fecurities hereafter to betaken by the direction of the faid court for the benefit of any of the laid fuitors of the faid court, ihall, if dire&ed to be taken In the name of any officer of the laid court, be taken in the name of the laid perfon or officer to be Appointed and called the accountant general, and of no other perfon whatfoever, and the trulls thereof {hall be declared by him agreeably to the orders and directions of the faid court.

II.	And to the end that an accountant general as afore^ Accountant {aid, may be appointed to keep the accounts between the p0jnCtrjd by fuitors of the faid high court of chancery, and the national King, bank of Ireland, and to accompliffi and fulfil the purpofes of this aft-: be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That there (hall be a perfon appointed from time to time, by hisMau-jelly, his heirs and fucceffors, with fuch reafonable falary as to him or them ihall feero meet, to a&, perform, and do all fuch matters and things as may be requifite and neceffary for the payment, delivering, and depofiting of the monies, fecu-1 ritics, and effefts of the fuitors of the laid court into and in the (aid national bank, and for the taking the fame out of the laid bank, under the dire&ion of the (aid court, and for the keepingthe accounts with the faid bank, and all other matters relating thereto j which perfon or officer fo to be appointed,

ihall

Digitized by v^ooQle

A.D.

J83-4. Chap. 22.

Payments and depofits hereafter in Aid bank only.

After order of court, Sec. accountant general (hall order bank to receive, Ac. aa heroin.

We twenty-third and twetity fourth Tears of George III. lhall be called the accountant general of the court of chancery ; and an account (hall be kept in his name, with the faid national bank of Ireland, for and in behalf of the fuitors of the faid court of chancery, in two ways, that is to fay, a general account on behalf of the faid fuitors, as one fund and particular accounts in each caufe in which fuch monies, fecurities, and effeds, (hall be fo paid, delivered, and depofited ; and the rules, methods, and directions herein af-tc* prescribed, as to the delivering into, and taking out of the faid bank, the monies and effeds of the faid fuitors, (hall be obferved by the faid fuitors, by the faid bank, iind by the faid accountant general refpedively, unlefs where the court of chancery (hall, according to the circumuances and exigencies of affairs, otherwife determine and appoint.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all monies, deeds, fecurities, and effeds whatfoever, that (hall hereafter be ordered to be brought into the faid court, or that (hall arife by any Tales made under or in virtue of any decree of the faid court, or that (hall in any manner come under or be taken into the care of the faid court, (hall not be paid or depofited with the faid mailers and ulher of the faid court, or any or cither of them, but (hall be paid into and depofited in the faid bank, to be iffued from thence according to the orders and diredions of the faid court; and the (aid mailers and ulher (hall have no power over the fame, further or otherwife than as the faid court (hall exprefsly order and dited, nor (hall the faid accountant general meddle with the adual receipt of any of the monies or effeds of the fuitors, further or otherwife than as he (hall be ordered and direded by fome exprefs order of the faid court, but (hall only keep and controul the account with the faid bank, and (hall not fo long as he obfervea the rules hereby prefenbed, or here* after to be prescribed to him by the faid court, be anfwera-ole for any monies or effeds which he (hall not adually receive ; but the faid national bank (hall be anfwerable for all the monies and effeds of the faid fuitors, which (hall be a&u-ally received by, or depofited with them.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for the regulating and direding the payment into the faid national bank, of all monies and effeds of the fuitorB of the faid court, or wherein they are interefted after the order and diiedion of the court for that purpofe, whether by decree or interlocutory order obtained upon motion or petition, and that the fame may be fo paid, with the privity pf the faid accountant general, the faid accountant general (hall make out an order or diredion to the faid bank, to receive the femd, which being obtained, fuch payment (hall

I

Digitized by Google

\

the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

be made, and (hall Be received and placed to the credit of the (aid accountant general of the faid court, and to the credit of the caufe in which the fame fhall be fo paid by the proper officer of the faid bank, and thereupon a cafhier, or •ther proper officer of the faid bank, fhall give a receipt for the fame, figned by him for the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, which receipt (hall fpecify that the fame is carried to the account of the faid accountant general, and placed to his credit as aforefaid, and being carried back to the laid accountant general, he fhall annex his certificate thereto of fuch payment, according to the import of the faid bank receipt; which bank receipt and certificate of the faid accountant general, fhall be earned to the regiller’s office of the faid court, and fhall be left with the clerk, to be appointed from time to time by hisMajefty, his heirs and fucccflors, with fuch reafonable falary as to him or them fhall feem meet, to be called the clerk of the report office, to be filed of record there, and the fame, or a like courfeand form as near as may be fhall be obferved, followed, and pra&ifed with refpedl to all depofits made of deeds, writings, bonds, mortgages, fecurities, and other effe&s by decree or order of faid court obtained as aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all monies ariiing and to be paid in confc- arifing in con-quence of fales made by the mailers of the faid court of chancery, or any of them, and all depofites of money to be made thereon, or otherwife, in confequence of any thing into the bank, -done before the faid maflers, or any of them, fhall be paid into/the faid national bank within the time heretofore ufual-ly allowed for the payment thereof, according to the courfe of the faid court, and that the fame fhall be paid with the privity, and by the order of the accountant general of the faid court as aforefaid, and a due account k^pt thereof, and credit given for the fame in the caufe or matter wherein the fame fhall be paid ; and the maflers of the laid court, an4 each of them, fhall forthwith immediately after every fale, and before he fhall fign, and report thereof by note under his hand, certify the fame to the faid accountant general, and the money to be paid thereupon, whereupon the faid accountant general fhall upon application to him, give fuch order to the bank to receive the fame, and fuch farther proceeding fhall be had thereupon as are herein before preferred as to the other monies paid and to be paid into the faid bank as aforefaid; and fuch accountant general find, upon application for that purpofe, give from time to time fuch certificates a3 may be neceffary to (hew that fuch depofites awd monies arc or are not paid into the bank w^th Vot. VII.	P	his

All monies

No fee, favc (alary, r«» ac-come, am ‘.»cne-ral, nr clerk of reports.

No payment

of luitor* money, without decree or order.

The twenty-third and twenlj-fourth Tears of George III.

his privity, as according to the decrees, orders, and courfccf the court they ought to have been,

VI.	Provided a ho, and be it ena&ed, That all fuch <fe-tics, matters, or things as are hereby dire&cd, impofed, or preferibed to be dpne or performed by fuch accountant general, and clerk of the reports, or either of them, fhafl be by them performed without any fee, peiquifite, gratuity, or re-yard, other than the annual falaries to be annexed to their Tefpc&ivc offices ; and if the faid accountant general, aid clerk of the reports, or cither of them, or any perfon on their or either of their behalf, (hall demand or accept any fee, gratuity, or reward from any fuitor of the faid court, or any perfon whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, fuch accountant general, or clerk of the reports, to offending, (lull, upon conviction thereof, be deprived of the faid offices refpc&ively, and (hall be deemed incapable of ferving his Majefty in any civil office whatfo-ever, over and above any punifhment which may be infl idled upon them rdpedtively for fuch mifdemeanor by the court before whom fuch perfon (hall be tried.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no monies of the fuitors of the faid court, or belonging to them, or wherein they are interefted, (ball be paid out of, or by the faid bank, without fome decree or order of the faid court to be obtained on motion or petition for that purpofe, which being obtained, (hall be carried to the feid accountant general of the faid court, who is thereupon to draw* upon the faid national bank for the fum ordered to be paid, which draft (hall fpeeify the perfon or perfons named, and the order Under which it (liall be made, and ftudl cor*

tain a qualification or provifo, that if the faid draft is not paid within a month after the date thereof, the fame (hall be void ; and thereupon the faid accountant geneml (hall immediately certify to the aforefaid report office, that he hai drawn on the faid bank as aforefaid* mentioning the order, and the caufe in which fuch draft (hall be made, and the perfon or perfons to whom fuch payment (hall be ordered, or his or their attorney or agent, (hall give a receipt to the faid accountant general for the faid draft, and (h. 11 tarry the fame to the regifter's office of the faid court, there to be counterfignedby the faid regider cr his deputy, and entered at the faid report office with the clerk of the faid office, without which the fame (hall not be payable ; and the fame* or the like courfe and forms as near as may be, (hall be ob-ferved, followed, and pnidlifed with refpedl to the ifluing or taking out of the faid bank all deeds, writings, bonds, mortgages, fecurities, and other defers delivered into, and depofted in the faid bank, under the decrees, order, or authority of the faid court.

VIII.	And

, The t<wenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	*	227

VIII. And whereas the ufher of the faid court hath hitherto been intitled to a fee of fix pence in the pound for all fuch monies as have, by order of the faid court, been paid out of the fame by the faid ufher : be it enabled by the authority aforefa id, That every* perfon who (hall obtain any fuch decree or order for the payment of any fuch money as hath heretofore been ufually depofited with, and paid out by the faid ufher, or which, if this a& had not palTed, would have been depofited with, and paid out by the faid ufher, (hall, at the time of demanding'fuch draft as aforefaid from the faid accountant general, depofite and lodge with the faid accountant general, fuch fee or fum of fix p nee in the pound as aforefaid, to be handed over by the faid accountant general to and for the pioper ufe of the laid ufher.	'

A. D.

1783-4. Chap. 22.

User’s. ree of 6d. p^r/. lodged on demanding draft.

IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That where any itock fecurities, or debentures are to be purchafed by the order of the faid couit, for the benefit of any of the fuitors of the faid court, or the parties who are or may happen to be interfiled therein, or (hall be fold, tranf-ferred, or altered by of under the authority of any order of the faid court, a copy of the order under the hand of the regiller of the faid court, or his deputy, (hall be carried, when obtained, to the faid accountant general, and the faid order /hall be carried into execution with the privity of the ffiid accountant general, who (hall certify the fame as (hall be needful, fo as to caufe all fuch things to be done for eflFe&ing the fale, transfer, or alteration of fuch (lock and fecurities as aforefaid, according to the nature thereof, purfuant to the true meaning of the faid order, fcnd fhall alfo certify the fame to the faid icport office, and to the faid bank, fo that the tranfactions refpe6ting the fame, may be fo effe&ed and carried on, that a true knowlcgc thereof may be had at the office of the faid accountant general at the faid bank, and at the faid report office refpedlively ; and whatever monies or eflecis thereby belong or accrue to the fuitors of the faid court, the fame (hall be paid into, and lodged in the faid bank, according to the rules and directions herein before preferred.

X. And to the end that the fuitors of the faid court may not be delayed in the payment of any monies due to them, and decreed and ordered by the Taid court, to be paid to them reflectively; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies and ca(h that (hall be paid into and deputed in the faid bank, on account of the fuitors of the laid court of chancery, or by order of the faid court, (hall he accounted and taken Jo be one common and general fund, to be iffiued and ilTuable as the faid court of chancery (hall P 2	*	order

Where (lock, &c. to he fold, transferred or altered by order, a copy <ent to accountant general.

All fuitors money in bank accounted as one fund.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Orders, as

occafion re quires to draw on the bank for 6664I. 7*.

If faid general fund reduced to 7000I. reim-buried out of trcafaiy.

Tunnadine** eftate or effects liable to fuitors, Applicable to

difeharge faid

fum of 66641, 7*.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George IIL

order and dire&; but at the fame time, before the ifFuing thereof, the cafiiier, or other proper officer of the faid bank, (hall look into and fee that fo much money as (hall be fo ordered to be ifTued or paid, is remaining in the fafd bank, in the account of the faid accountant general with the faid bark, and placed to his credit in the caufe in which fuch order of the faid court fhall be made.

XI.	And whereas by the failure of John Tunnadine, efquirt, late one of the mailers of the faid court of chancery, a fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty four pounds feven (hillings, the property of certain of the fuitors of the faid court, heretofore depofited with the fard John Tunnadine, is not forthcoming : and whereas a confiderable fum of money, the property of the fuitors of the faid court, will be depofited and remain in the faid bank, in purfuance of this acl: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord high chancellor, the lord keeper, or commifiioners of the great fcal, for the time being, to iflue his orders from time to time, as occafion may require, to the faid accountant general, to draw upon the faid bank in manner as herein before diredled, for fuch Turns fo depofited with the faid John Tunnadine, as are now deficient as aforefaid, amounting in the whole to the fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty four pounds feren (hillings as aforefaid, and the faid Turns fo drawn for, purfuant to fuch orders as aforefaid, fhall be difeharged out of the general fund remaining in the faid bank as aforefaid.

XII.	And if it /hall fo happen, that the laid general fund fhall at any time be reduced to the fum of feven thoufand pounds; be it ena&ed, that th^n, and in fuch cafe, the governors and company of the faid bank, fhall be reimbursed from and out of his Majeily's treafury, fuch fums not exceeding in the whole the fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty four pounds feven fhillings, as fhall have been paid by virtue of this a£l, to make good fuch deficiency arif-ing from the failure of the faid John Tunnadine as aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That all or any of the eftate or effects of the faid John Tunnadine, liable to the demand of the faid fuitors, fhall be applicable to the difeharge of fuch fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty four pounds feven fhillings, fo far as the faid eftate or efFe&s fhall extend, and all monies fifing from fuch eftate or cfie&s fo applicable to the difeharge of the faid fum of fix thoufand fix hundred and fixty four pounds feven fhillings, fhall be paid into the faid bank, as part of the faid general fund, in difeharge of fuch fum fo payable out of the laid general fund by virtue of this a&«

f

XIV. And

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	329

XIV.	And whereas it will tend to the fafety and advan-	A* D.

fage of the fuitors of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, if	1783-4.

the monies, bonds, mortgages, debentures, treafury bills, Chap. 22. and all other fecurities belonging to the fuitors of the faid v— court, and now remaining in the hands of the chief and fe- On or before oond remembrancer of the faid court, or which, according *9 next ScP£* to the conrfe of the faid court, would, if this aft had not to	into

palled, be and come into the hands of them, or either of them, the bank; lhall be deposited in the faid bank, in like manner as is herein before direfted with refpeft to the monies and fecurities belonging to the fuitors of the court of chancery ; be it enaft-ed by the authority aforefaid, That on or before the twenty ninth day of September next, after the palling of this aft, alimonies, bond, mortgages, or other fecurities of what nature or kind foever now remaining with, or which (hall hereafter come into the hands of the faid chief or fccond remembrancer of the faid court, or either of them, his or their deputy or deputies, under or by virtue of any order or orders of the faid court, to the time of palling this aft, lhall be paid by them refpeftively into the faid bank ; and for the more full and perfeft fpecification of what lhall be fo paid in, depofited, and delivered by the faid chief or fecond remembrancer, his or their deputy or deputies refpeftively, and for the better and more orderly and regularly afeertain-ing the property refpeftively of the feveral and refpeftive fuitors of the faid court of exchequer in the faid monies, bonds, and other fecurities fo to be paid, delivered, or deported, the faid chief or fecond remembrancer lhall feverally like fchedules and refpeftively caufc like fchedules to be made touching the by them as m monies and fecurities of the fuitors of th<? court of exche-quer, as arc herein before required and direfted, touching the ^rts depofited monies and fecurities of the fuitors of the court of chancery, a* herein, now in the hands of the laid mafters and ufher of the faid court refpeftively, one part of fuch fchedules refpeftively to be ligned by the faid chief or fecond remembrancer refpec-tively, to be depofited with the governor and company of the faid bank, one other part thereof to be ligned by the faid chief or fecond remembrancer refpeftively, and by the calhier or fome other proper officer- of the faid hank, to be filed and depofited at the regilter’s office of the faid court of exchequer, with the regilter or fome other proper officer to be appointed as clerk of the reports of the faid office under this . aft, and the remaining third part thereof, figned by the calhier, or other proper officer of the faid bank as aforefaid, and fubfenbed by the regiller of the faid court, or his deputy, or fuch clerk of the reports as aforefaid, attefting the depofites of the part of fuch fchedule at the faid regifter’s office, lhall remain with the faid chief and fecond remembrancer

Digitized by' oOO



■

230

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 22

Payments and dcpofitcs hcrcufrer in the bank.

Accountant

genera! and clerk oi the reports appointed by the King.

Ord.T for intereft,

’"UtTi juuiv): ity to bank to ifiuc

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

brancer r< fpe&ively ; and the faid fchedules fo refpedtivedy' formed and ligned as aforefaid, (hall be proof and evidence for and againll the faid chief and fecund remembrancer and the faid bank of the faid payment, and of the delivery and dipofiting by the faid chief and fecond remembrancer re-fpcdively of all fuch monies, bonds, and other fecurities of the faid loiters of the court of exchequer in the faid bank as afoidaid.

V. And be it e.ia&ed by the authority aforefaid,That alimonies, deeds, bonds, and other fecurities or efft&s what-foever that (hall hereafter be oidered to be brought into the faid court of exchequer, or that fhall. arife by any fale made under or in virtue of any decree of the faid court, or that fliall in any manner come under or be taken into the care of the faid court, fhall not be paid or depofited with the faid chief or fecund remembrancer, or either of them, but (hall be paid into and depofited in the laid bank, to be iffued from thence according to the orders and directions of the faid court ; and the la^d chief or fecond remembrancer, or either of them, (hall have no power over the fame, nor (hall they, or either oF;them, meddle with the aftual receipt of the monies or e(*£<fts of the fuitors of the faid court, further or otherwife than the (aid court (hall exprefly order and direct.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hail and may be lawful to and for hia Majefly, his heirs and fucceflbrs, from time to time, to appoint an accountant general, and clerk of the reports of the court'of exchequer, with fucli reafonable falaries reflectively as to him or them (hall feem meet ; which accountant general, and clfrk of the reports rcfpe&ively, (hall be fubject to, and perform all fuch duties, regulations, a*ts, and directions touching and concerning the monies and fecurities of the furors of the (aid court of exchequer, in like manner and under fuch re it violf-ns and penalties as are herein before preferibed, im-pofed, or directed to be done and performed by the accountant general, and clerk of the reports of the court of chanary respectively, touching and concerning the monies and fe--cutlties of the faid court,

KVTI. Pr nvided always, and be it enaded by the atitho- I rity aforefaid, That in cafes where monies fhall be orderuj by the (aid court of chancery and court of exchequer, or either of them, to be paid on account of intc.dt money, or for maintenance of minors or jointrcfTes, the or! r of fuch court figned by the regifter, with the accountant general's draft thereupon, (hall be fuificient authority to the faid bank fop ifiuin^ the monies (0 ordered.

4	XVIII.	And

Digitized by

Google

The tnventy-thwd and twenty-fourth Tears of George III. ®

231

XVIII. And whereas the chief remembrancer of the fa id	A. P.

court of exchequer has	hitherto been ufqally intitlcd to a	1783-4.

fee of fix pence in the	pound upon certain	monies by him	Chap. 22.

paid out, a id is entitled	to two (hillings and	fix pence upon	1

every cerii^cate relative	to money, and two	(hillings upon . °n uemand-

the takf,i^ oat each deed or writing lodged with him by or- (,f ‘ ‘	,

r 0	,	.	P	0111	money	ordered,

der or court, or- by a duces tecum : be it enacted by the au- thc ice* herein

thority aforefaid. That every perfon who (hall obtain an or- to be paid, der or decree of the court of exchequer for the payment of any fuch money as hath heretofore been ufu dly depotited with and paid out by the faid chief remembrancer and his deputy, fubjecl to any fucli fteor allowance, or which if this act had not paded would have been depofited with and paid out by faid chief remembrancer or his deputy (liall at the time of demanding a draft from the accountant general of the court pf exchequer upon the faid bank for fuch fuin fo ordered or	,

decreed, depofit and lodge with the faid accountant general of the faid court of exchequer, fuch fee or fum of fix pence in the pound as afo-efaid, to be handed over hv the faid accountant general to and for the proper ufe of the faid chief remembrancer, and (hall alfo receive fuch fee of two (hplings and lixpence as aforefaid on every ce Lideate by him given relative to money, and two (hillings on the taking out of each deed or writing by this aft direfted to be lodged in the faid bank, to and for the proper ufe of the faid chief remembrancer, which fees or allowances fo payable to the chief remembrancer as aforefaid, (hall ceale and determine upon the death, relignation, or forfeiture of the prefent chief remembrancer.

XIX.	And whereas inconveniencies may arife to the fuitors Order, by of the faid court of exchequer, un'icfs nrovitinn (hail be a Samp tor made for the payment of fuch monies, when the faid cour^

(hall not be fitting: be it enafted by the authority afore- ^VV.eqtici not faid. That the chief baron, and in his ahjenee any other of fitting, the barons of the faid court of exchequer, rr.ay at anytime, when the (aid court (hall not be fitting, make fuch orders from time to time as may be necelfary for the deporting in or paying out of the faid bank the monies belonging to the fuitors of the faid court.

XX.	Arid whereas it may be nece.Ttry to impower the Chznctrr or faid court of chancery and co.irt of exchequer, to alter or va* exrhf«jiivr nuy ry the regulatious contained in this act: be it drifted by the

authority aforefaid, That the (aid com t of chancery and court of exchequer rcfpcftively (hall have full power and authority from time to time, according to the exigency of affairs, to vary, alter, or change any part of the regulations herein before contained, and to make fuch further or other regulations about the premifes as to the fajd courts refpiftivcly (ball feem meet, and rcafonable.

XXI, And

23*

‘The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A. D.

*783-4-

Chap. 22.

On death. Zee. of accountant general, all fecu-rities, 8cc. vetted in fucccffor.

Forging jume or jand of accountant general or ca-ttiier, &c. with intent to defraud, felony, death.

XXI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That firotn and after the death or removal of any fuch accountant general as aforefaid, all fecurities of what nature or kind foever veiled in him at the time of fnch his death or removal, in truft for the fuitors of the faid court, (hall veil in the fucceeding accountant general for the fame eftates and interefts a6 fuch former accountant general then had therein and fubjeft to the fame truft s, without any aflignment or transfer whatfoever, and that upon fuch death or removal of any fuch accountant general, all monies, depofites and effects of the fuitors of the faid court, for which he (hall then have credit in his account, with the bank, fiiaH be carried to the account of the fucceeding accountant general.

XXII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons, (hall, from and after the palling of this aft, forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly aid or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting the name or hand writing of the faid accountants general, or either of them, or any of the cafhiers of the faid governor’s and company of the bank of Ireland, to any certificate, report, entry, indorfement, declaration of truft, note, direction, authority, inftrument, or writing whatfoever, for or in order to the receiving any the money or ef-fefts, or any fecurity whatfoever, of or belonging to any of the fuitors of the court of chancery, or court of exchequer; or (hall forge or counterfeit or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully aid or aflift in forging or counterfeiting any certificate, report, entry, indorfement, declaration of truft, note, cjiredlion, authority, inftrument in writing iri form of a certificate, report, entry, indorfement, declaration of truft, note, dire&ion, or authority, inftrumfcnt, or writing made by fuch accountants general, or either of them, or any of the cafhiers, of the faid governors and company of the bank of Ireland, or (hall utter or publifh any fuch, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, with intent to defraud any perfon whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, being lawfully conridled thereof, (hall be, and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafe of felony, without benefit p^

77* twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III. CHAP. XXIII.

An A3 to regulate the Affay of Goldand promote the Manufacture of Gold and Stiver Wares in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS various manufaftures of gold require gold of different degrees of hardnefs and purity, and it is expedient that the diiferent flandards of gold fhould be afeertained, and the manufaftures made thereof be particularly diflinguifhed: and whereas by an aft paffed in the third year of his late Majefty King George the fecoud, entitled,

An aQ for the encouragement of tillage, and better employment of 3 G- *• c* S* the poor ; and alfo for the more ejfedual putting in execution, an L ^ a& entitled, An ad • to encourage the draining and improving of hogs and unprofitable low grounds, and for eaftng and difpatching the inland carriage and conveyance of goods from one part to another within this kingdom ; and alfo for laying feveral duties upon coaches, berlins, chariots, cala/hes, chaifes, and chairs, and ttpon cards and dice, and upon wrought and manufactured gold and Jilver plate imported into, or made in Ireland, for the pur-pofes therein mentioned; and alfo for repealing the duties payable upon the exportation of wool, bay-yarn, and woollen-yarn out of this kingdom for England, it is enafted. That no goldfmith, filverfmith, or perfon working or trading in wrought or ma-mifaftured gold or filver, (hall fell or expofc to fale, barter, or exchange any gold or filver plate, veflel, or manufafture of gold or filver, until it (hall be afTayed in manner therein sientioned; and it is in faid aft provided, that all gold fo to afTayed, mud be of the ftandard of twenty-two carats: be it enafted by the King’s' mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid aft, and every thing contained in the faid aft, or in any aft or afts continuing or amending the fame, fhall be, and is hereby rq>eal-cd, and made null and void, fo far only as the fame refpefts the afTaying gold, or regulating the exchange or fale of, or the impofmg any duty on any manufafture made of gold in this kingdom.

II. And be it enafted, That from and after the firft day No ^0jd of June, one thsufand feven hundred and eighty-four, no manufarture perion (hall make, fell, expofc to fale, exchange, or export,	but

or caufe or procure to be made, fold, exchanged, or export-cd, any gold vefTel, gold plate, or other manufafture of gold, except of the three following ftandards of finenefs, 22, 20, t8 that is to fhy, of not lefs than twenty two carat9, or of not |efs than twenty carats, or of not lefs tha# eighteen carats of *”0^ery

fine 1

Digitized by

Google

marked, allayed and (lamped as herein after, or forfeited and id.

And gold manufacture of *3 carat» marked (22) and initials of makers name, See.

If of 20 carats, maker’s mark ( o, and initials pf his name, 6c c.

If of 18 carat®,

m vrlc d( 18) and iuiiials. See.

Gold wares

herein not fub-jeft to fa*d mark ox damp, &c.

The twenty-thirdand twenty-fourth Tears of George III. fine gold in every pound weight troy, nor until the fame fhall have been refpeftively marked, afTayed, and (lamped, according to the circumftances and directions herein after mentioned, upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence* fuch gold veffel, gold plate, or other mauufa&ure of gold, or the value thereof, and alfo the fum of ten pounds.

III.	And be it ena&cd, that no perfon (hall fell, ex-: change, or export, or caufe to be fold, exchanged or exported, any gold veil'd, gold plate, or other manufatlure of gold being of the aforefaid (landard of twenty-two carats fine, unlefs it be marked with the mark of the maker, which mark iliall be the number (22,) and the firft letter of the chriilian and firname of the maker, nor unlefs it be likewife flamped at the afiay-oflice in Dublin, with a harp crowned* or at the aflay-office in New Geneva in the county of Wa^er-. ford, with a like harp an$ a bar acrofs its firings, under the like penalty as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enabled, that no perfon (hall fcjl, exchange, or export, or caufe to be fold, exchanged or ex-* ported, any gold veil'd, gold plate, or other manufacture of gold, being of the aforefaid (landard of twenty carats fine, unlefs it be marked with, the mark of the maker, which mark (hall be the number (20,) and the firft letter of the chriftian and firname of the maker, nor unlefs it be likewife flamped at the affay-oflice in Dublin, with a plume of three feathers, or at the afFay-office in New Geneva aforefaid, with a plume of two feathers only, under the like penalties as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enabled, That no perfon (hall Cell, exchange, export, or caule to be fold, exchanged or exported any gold vefiel, gold plate, other manufacture of gold being of the aforefaid ftandard of eighteen carats fine, unlefs it he marked with the mark of the maker, whit^i mark (hall be the number (18,) and the firft letter of the chriftian and firname of the maker, nor unlefs it be likewife flamped at the aflay-office in Dublin, with an Unicorn’s head, or at the aflay-office in New Geneva aforefaid, with, an Unicorn’s head and collar round the neck, under the like penalty as aforefaid.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled, That nothing in this adl contained, (hall oblige any. of the following wares made of gold, (of any one of the three ftandards aforefaid) to be marked by the maker, 01 flamped at either of the affay offices aforefaid, namely, rings, collets for rings, ear-rings, necklace beads, lockets, fcrril necks of bottles, pocket-book clafps, any jointed flock clafps, rims of fnufF-boxes, whereof the tops or bottoms are made of fhcll, tortoifeflKll, ivory, wood, chryftal, or

iloue,



The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	23$

Hone, any filligrane work, any lorts of tippings or fwages on	A. D.

(hell, tortoifelhell, ivory, wood, chryftal or ftone cafes,	1783-4.

any mounts, ferews or (toppers to ftone, chryftal or glafs Chap. 32. bottles or phials, or any fm.iil or flight ornaments put to w*-" amber or other eggs, or urns, or any manufacture of gold fo covered on all Ikies with amel pr enamel, as not to admit of any aftay to be taken thereof, and the marks and ftamps aforefaid, to be ftruek thereon, or 1 ucli other things as by reafon of their fmallnefs or thinnefs are not capable of ie-ceiving the marks aforefaid, or fucli other manufactures as do not weigh fix penny weights of gold each.	,

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Pieces joined if any manufacture of gold be compofed of different pieces by links, Sc. joined together by links, ferews, pins, pivots, joints, or £onf«dcred as hinges, each fuch piece fhall be confidered as a feparate *cPjratc ficctx and diftinCl gold ware within the intent and meaning of

this aCl.

VIII.	Provided ftlfo, and be it further ena&ed, That if If pieces of

any manufacture of gold be Corr.pofed of different pieces, different (buid-

fuch pieces being of different ftandards as aforefaid, (and ar^s’	*nj1

.	•	1	r	.	.	,	, r r «.\ n t more clofc v/s>yt

being capable of receiving the marks aforeiaid) fhall be m:irkcd with

marked with the mark denoting as aforefaid the lowed Hand- lowcft damp.

aid of the gold contained in fuch manufacture : provided

always, that the faid pieces be joined together in fome more

intimate and clofe way than by means of links, ferews, pins,

pivots, joints or hinges as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaCtcd, That no pc non fhall If unnerefnry make or procure to be made, any manutture of gold con- filler,or duffing taining any folder or other fluffing more than is r.ectffn v, f‘uhhtc<i. upon pain for every fuch offence 0/ forfeiting fuch gold manufacture or I he value thereof.

X.	And he it further ena&ed, That every mark or Every mark

punch to be ufed after the faid hift day of June, one th.ui-	rcon"

land feven hundred and eighty-four, by any gcldfmitii in ^ V purfuancc of this a cl, fnall be fo conftru&ed as (inftead of mu^e, a* Herein, caufing the image made by the imprrffion of fuch mark or

punch to be raifed) to caufe the image nr.de by fuch maik or punch to be indented in the gold marked tht:\.'whb, to prevent the faid image being delkccd or injured in the ilr.ifiling of the work, and that the relieved image upm every mark or punch 1 > to be uled by any goldimbii ns aforeiaid,

(hall be made thin, fliarp, and (hallow, with a fiat flop or (boulder to the laid mark or punch to prevent the injuring of any gold manufacture marked therewith.

XL And be it further enacted, Thai it (hull end may be Imprcfiio:?, lawful on or after the firil day of June, one iluuitand L ven v' ,,n rr,;’f rA hundred and eighty.four aforefaid, for every per ion making u-luViVin-r-(or caufing to be n;ude) any gold maaufactme or gob! m \ c! m <,f-

nufaClureS, kte paying

t Digit .. y

Google

and affaycr to imptcib on pewter, &c.

mo perfon entitled to hive manufacture affayed or Camped, fire, at herein.

If of different ftandards not affayed unlefs fent in different parcels accordingly.

If found on affay, under the Oandard marked, af-fayed 2d time, & c. and fo ou as herein.

The twenty-third nnd twenty-fourth Tears of George Ilf.

ntifadures to enter an impreflion of his or her new mark or punch, merks or punches made as aforefaid, together with his or her rtl;cdive name and refpedive place of abode in either of the laid affay*offices, upon paying the fum of five (hillings to the affaycr or wardens of fucli office, who (hall, and arc hereby required to make on a plate or fheet of pewter, or of copper, an imprefTion or impreflions of fuch mark or punch, marks or punches ; and alfo to make an entry of fuch mark or punch, marks or punches, with the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof in a book or books carefully to be kept for that purpofe, if fnch owner or owners be refident in Dublin or New Geneva; and that no perfon (hall be entitled to have any gold manu-fa&ure made or caufed to be made by him or her, allayed or (lamped at either of the faid aflay-offices until and after the fame (hall have been (lamped as aforefaid by the maker, and until and after fuch imprefTion and entry (hall have been made at fuch office of the mark or punch of the faid perfon, which denotes as afoiefaid the particular ftandard of fuch gold manufa&ure ; and that no gold manufacture (hall be affayed or (lamped at either of the faid affay-offices, if the faid gold manufacture be marked with any other mark or punch, but fuch as is duly entered as aforefaid ; and that no gold manufadure (hall be affayed or (lamped at either of the faid affay-offices, unlefs fuch manufadure of gold be marked with the mark or punch, which denotes as aforefaid the true ftandard of the faid gold manufadure.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That no gold manufacture made by the fame maker, and brought to either of the faid aflay-offices, and compofed of gold of different ftand-ards as aforefaid, (hall be received at fuch affay-office to be affayed, unlefs the faid manufadures be fent in different parcels according to the ftandards thereof, except as is herein excepted.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any gold raa-nufadure or parcel of gold manufadures brought to either of the affay-offices (hall be found by being affayed to be compofed of gold lefs in finenefs than gold of the particular ftandard, which the number in the mark of the maker marked on the faid gold manufadure, or faid parcel of gold manufactures, in the manner aforefaid, denotes it to be of, then the faid gold manufadure or parcel of gold manufa&ures, (hall be affayed a fecond time on the fame day ; and if the faid gold manufacture, or parcel of gold manufadures (hall on (econd trial be found to be compofed of gold lefs in finenefs than gold of the particular ftandard aforefaid, the faid gold manufadure or parcel of gold manufactures (if required by the perfon who (hall have brought the fame to be aflayed)

(hall

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.

fhall be aflayed a third time, which third trial fhall be made if in Dublin on the hall day next following the fccond trial, and if the faid gold manufacture or parcel of gold manufactures fhall on fuch third trial, or on fuch fccond trial, if a third trial be not required as aforefaid, be found to be com-pofed of gold lefs in finenefs than gold of the particular ftandard aforefaid, the faid gold manufacture, or parcel of gold manufactures, (hall be defaced and broken, and (hall be returned to the maker thereof, who (hall pay for the aflay-iug, and alfo for the additional aflaying of the faid gold manufacture, or parcel of gold manufactures, according to the fame rate and price herein contained for tire allaying, but nothing by the ounce for damping.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may ____________

be lawful for any warden, deputy warden, or aflayer of the more folder company of goldfmiths in Dublin, or the aflayer at New than neceflary Geneva, {having been a working goldfmith or filverfmith)	at

to determine whether there be or be not more folder than is &c. M herein, neceflary in every gold ware brought to the aflay-office re-fpeClively to be (tamped, and alfo whether any fuch gold

ware are fufficiently forward in the workmanlhip to be damped with propriety ; and that if the faid warden, deputy warden, or aflayer, (hall adjudge any piece of gold ware to be too much charged with folder, or not to be forward enough in the workmanlhip, he (hall and is hereby required to refufe to permit the fame to be damped.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That if on view of any b If on weJgb-gold manufacture brought to either of the faid odices to be

aflayed, and after weighing the fame in water, the warden, ^ deputy warden or aflayer of fuch office (hall have fufpicion not of fcine that there be any other metal than gold contained in the in- finenefrmay ' fide of the faid gold manufacture, or that the faid gold ma- &c- M nufaCture be not of the fame finenefs in the infide as on the outfide, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid warden, deputy warden, or aflayefr to cut the fame, or to caufie the fame in his or their prefence to be cut; and that if upoo cutting thereof there (hall be found therein any other metal than gold, or any gold lefs in finenefs than gold of the particular ftandard which the number (in the mark of the maker) marked on the faid gold ware (hall in the manner aforefaid denote it to be of, then the faid gold ware (hall be broken and defaced, and the faid warden, deputy warden and aflayer, arc hereby refpe&ively authorized and dire&ed to deface and break the fame, or caufe the fame to be defaced and broken; and that the faid gold ware (hall be forfeited to the company of gold-Tmiths in Dublin, or to the corporation of New Geneva, according as the fame (hall be brought to either of the af-fay offices refpe&ivcly, and the produce thereof (hall be by

them

Whether

V

If on cutting, no fraud difco-▼cccd, full recommence to owner, &c.

The company or corporation, See. ihall make full rccom* ponce.

Prices at af-fay- office, as herein.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Teari of George ITT.

them applied towards defraying the expences of fuch afiay-office :	Provided	always,	That	it	(hall	and may be law-

ful for the faid company of gnldfmiths in Dublin, to remit the whole or any part of fuch frrfeiture to the faid company, if upon examination they (hall find there was no fata* dulent intention in the maker.

. XVI Provided always neverthelefs, and be it ena&ed, That if on cutting fuch gold ware as aforefaid, no fraud (hall be discovered, then and in fuch cafe the faid warden, deputy warden, or afTayer (hall forthwith make a rccom-pence and fatisfa&jon in money to the owner or owners of fuch gold ware to the full amount of the damage done the fame, and (hall charge the fame to the account of the ex-pences i*f the faid afTay-oifice.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any gold wire be injured at either of the faid afTay-offices, and complaint be made thereof by the maker or owner of fuch gold ware, it (hall and may be lawful for the wardens of the company of goldfmiths in Dublin, or fuch perfons as (hail be appointed for the purpofe by the corporation of New Geneva tefpettively, and they are hereby required to judge of the faid complaint, and to make full recompence% in money to the perfon or perfons wbofe work (hall have been injured by the marking of the fame for fuch injury, and the faid wardens or other perfons refpe&ively (hall, as they (hall judge right, either charge the fame to the account of the expences of the faid ailay-office, or (hall <kdu& the fame from the wages or falary of the perfon in the faid a(Fay-office, who (hall by (lamping have iujured the gold ware afore-(aid.

XVIII.	And be it f.trthef ena&cd, That from and after the faid firfl day of June, one thoufand (even hundred ajnd eighty-four, it (hall and may be lawful for the company of goldfmiths in Dublin, to alk, demand, take, and receive of and from all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall from time to time bring or fend to the aflhy-ofiCce in Dublin, any piece or parcel of wrought gold to be afiayed, or af-fayed and (lamped, fuch prices or fums of money as the (aid company of goldfmiths (hall from to time appoint, fo a* fuch prices or turns of money do not exceed the fcveral and refpe&ive prices or fums of money following, that is to fay, for aflaying any piece or pieces, or parcel of gold marked of any one of the faid (tandards, and brought at tire fame time, the fum of one (hilling, and for (lamping the ' fame, the further fum of three pence per ounce for every ounce which (hall be allayed and llampid, and for all gold which (hall be allayed at the afiay-office in Newr Geneva, there (hall be demanded and paid the faid prices refpcciively, sod no more.

XIX. Provided

*Tht twenty-third and twmty-fo:trth Tears of George Iff.	139

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no A. D. finglc parcel whatsoever of wrought gold (brought to either 1783-4. aflay-office to be affayed as aforefaid,) (hall contain more Chap. 23. than fix ounces in weight of gold wares, fave only and ex-

cept fuch parcel contains a fingle piece of work made of No Cngle gold.	Partd al,ovc

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if

anV perfon or perfons (hall refufe or negledl to-pay fuch re- gfe piece, fpedhive prices or fums of money aforefaid, it (hall and may Aflay and be lawful for any warden, deputy warden, or affayer, to refufe to affay and damp the gold wares of fuch perfon or	™

perfons, until fuch prices or fums of money as aforefaid ffeall be aftually paid.

XX I. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That in ^	^

teafc the faid fums of money hereby allowed to be taken by nccc]fary ex-the company of goldfmiths in Dublin, for the aflaying, or pences, applied the affaying and (lamping of gold manufa&ures, (hall be to proiccute of-moi*e than fufficient to defray the neceffary expences of the	*c*	**

affay-office of the faid company, then the overplus money fhall be applied by fuch company to the profecution of offenders againtl this a& ; and that if fuch profecutions fhall not require the whole of fuch overplus, then the overplus money may be applied to the ufe of fuch company, or the fupport of the decayed brethren thereof.

XXII. And be it further enabled, That the warden and six indented affayer of the faid company fhall, from time to time, as trial pieces occafion (hall require, make or caufe to he made fix indent-	M

cd trial pieces, whereof the two firfl (hall be of the aforefaid Uerc‘°* flandard of twenty-two carats of fine gold in every pound weight Troy, whereof the two fecond (hall be of the aforefaid flandard of twenty carats of fine gold, every pound weight Troy, and whereof the two-third fhall be of the flandard of eighteen carats of fine gold in every pound weight Troy ; and that after the faid fix trial pieces (hall have been made as aforefaid, they (hall be publickly affayed at the hall of the faid company, on fome day to be adver- affayed pnb-tifed for the purpofe by publick notice, at leaft fix days hckly on f> previous thereto, and that when the fame (hall have been fo	herein

affayed and found to be of the refpe&ivc ftandards aforefaid, one of each of the faid trial pieces (hall be delivered to the affayer, and (hall be d.pofited by him in his office as guides for trying fuch plate as (hall be brought to his office to be affayed, and the other faid trial piece (hall be given to the affayer of .New Geneva, (if there fhall be an affayer there) to be depofited by him in liki manner, and for like purpofe.

XXif I. And be it further enafled. That the affay-office Office open ©f the company of goldfmiths in Dubliu, (hall be kept open r.	during	ativertiic-

ruent.

*

Digitized by boodle

Books kept by wardens or ailayer,

accefs to members.

No pattern ordefign dif-covercd or permitted to be Iren.

Punches , locked in a box with 2 locks, 4tc. as herein.

The twenty-third and tiventyfourlh Tears of George III.

during fuch hours, not lefs than two in the day, and during fo many days not lefs than three days in each week, a* the faid company (hall from time to time appoint by publick advertisement, for the purpofe of receiving and taking ia .manufactures of gold or fzlver to be aflayed, or aflayed and (tamped in faid office.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four aforefaid, the warden 01 wardens, or the aflayer of (aid company of goldfmiths, fhall keep, or caufe to be kept, books wherein fhall be entered (under the three heads of the rcfpe&ive itandards aforefaid) the name or names of every owner or owners of gold wares afTayed in the aflay-office of faid company, with a correfponding number, the day on which the fame is aflayed, the weight of fuch gold wares refpe&ively, and the affortment thereof, and an account of the quantity, and alfo of the deficiency in the fine-nefs (if any) of the gold wares that are defaced and broken, and likewife an account of the monies received in faid office for the aflaying, or the aflaying and (lamping of gold wares, and alfo an account of the officers and fervants falaries and wages, and of all other incidental expences attending the fame ; and that every member of the company fhall hare free accefs to the faid books, and to the infpe&ion thereof.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no alTaycr in either of the aflay-offices, fhall dif-cover, by defeription in words or otherwife, to any per-fon or perfons whomfoever, any pattern, defign, or invention of any piece of gold plate, or other ware brought or to be brought to the faid aflay-office to be aflayed, or permit the fame to be viewed or feen by any perfon whomfoever, but the wardens and other perfons neceflarily employed, or to be employed in the faid offices, under the penalty as is herein after mentioned.

XXVI.	And be it further enadlcd, That the punches or damping inftruments belonging to each of the faid aflay-offices, fhall be locked up in a box, with two dnfereot locks, and the refpe&ive keys thereof fhall be refpe&ively kept, one key by one of the wardens or deputy^wardens, or touch-warden, and the other key by one aflayer of the faid company ; and in like manner at New Geneva, one key to be kept by the aflayer, and the other key by one other perfon to be appointed by the corporation at New Geneva ; and the faid punches or (lamping inilruments, fhall never be taken out of the boxes but in t^e £refence of one of the faid wardens or deputy-wardens, and one aflayer of the faid company, or of the aflayer, and the perfon fo appointed refpe&ively for the purpofe of (tamping the gold wares which fhall have been aflayed, and reported (landard, and which gold w ares

fhall

Digitized by k^ooQle

’ The tmxutyjlird md twin!}•fourth Years of George III.

ftiall be ftamped in the prefence of two or .more of the faid wardens or deputy-wardens, and one affayer, and the punches or damping inflruments immediately after (hall be locked up in manner aforefaid; and that if by connivance of the (aid wardens or deputy-wardens, any affayer (hall damp, or fufier to be (lamped, any plate with the company’s ilamp, or the ftamp of the aflay-office at New Geneva, any otherwise than as aforefaid, or if he (hall ftamp any plate that has not been duly affayed and found (landard, or if he (hall difeover by defeription in words, or otherwise to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, any pattern, delign, or invention of any piece of gold plate brought to the office to be allayed as aforefaid, or wittingly or williiigly permit or fuffer the fame to be viewed or feen by any perfon whomfoever, but the wardens and other perfons neceffiarily employed in the faid office, he lhaU forfeit ana pay the fum of two hundred pounds, to be difpofed of towards defraying the expanses tif his relpedive office, and (hall fee turned out of his oflicc, and be ever after incapable of exercifing the ‘office of an aflayer.

XXV] I. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and faay be lawful for every perfon who (haH think himfelf aggrieved by any ad Or determination of any warden, deputy Warden, or affayer of the faid company of goldfmiths, or Iby any affayer or other perfon to be appointed by the faid corporation at New Geneva, to appeal to the faid company of goldfmiths, or to the council, or other affembly of the faia corporation refpedively, who are hereby authorised, empowered, and direded to. hear fuch appeal or complaint, and to determine the fame; and that the determinations of the faid company and council, or affiembly of the faid corporation refpedively lhall be final and decifive.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon from and after the faid firft day 6f June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-foUr, (hall counterfeit, or caufe to be counterfeited, any (lamping inftrument or punch, ui’ed or to be ufed in purfuance of this ad, by any maker or makers of «my gold wares, or by any warden or wardens, or deputy warden or deputy wardens, or affayer or affiayers of .either of the faid affay~-offices refpedively, or (hall have in his or her poffieffion fuch counterfeit (lamping inftrument or punch, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or (hall on any piece or pieces of gold, or of any kind of metalf or of any mixed metals, or of any compo-fition containing any metal or metals of any kinds whatever, counterfeit or imitate, or caufe to be counterfeited or imitated, in anyway whatever, any mark, ilamp, or punch* or any impreffion of any mark, ftamp, or punch made, or to be made in purfuance of this ad, by any maker or makers of • Vol. VII.	any

wares ftamp« ed in prefence of 2 wimelTes, Sec. sis herein,

not permitted to he icen by imp!oper perfons, under penalty of 20C-1.

Appeal to the company or corporation, Sec.

To counterfeit inftrument or punch, Arc, as herein.



Digitized by

"Google

241	The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yeaft of George IlL

A. D.	any gold wares, or by the warden or wardens, or deputy

17S3-4.	warden or deputy wardens, or affayer or affayefs of cither

Chap. 23. of the faid aflay-offices tefpe&ively, or (hall tranfpofc or remove, or caufe to be tranfpofed or removed from onfc piece of gold manufacture to another, or from any piece of gold manufacture to any manufacture or manufactures made of any kind of met;:!, or of any mixed metah, of of any compo-fition containing any metal or metals of any kind whatever/ any mark, drffamp, or any impreffion of any mark, (tamp, or punch, made, 01 to be made on any manufacture of gold in purfuan^e of this adl, by any maker or makers of gold wares, of by the waiden or wardens, or deputy warden or deputy wardens, or affayer or affayers of either of the (aid affay-offices refpclt ively, or fhall have tn his or her pofleffi-011, fhall fell, or expofe to fale, (hall exchange of expofe to be exchanged, (hall export, or (hall put or caufe to be put on boardauy (hip or veffel, with intent to export out of this kingdom, any manufacture made ofygdld, or of any kind of metal, or of airy mixed metals, or of any conipofition containing any metal or metals of any.ktfid whatever, upon which fuch counterfeited or imitated mark, ftamp, or im-preffion (hall have been made as aforefaid, or to which fuch real mark, itamp, or impreffion (liall have been tranfpofed or removed as aforefaid, knowing fuch mark, (tamp, or impreffion to have been counterfeited or imitated as afdrefaid, or fuch real mark, lhirnp, or impreffion to have been tranfpofed or removed as aforefaid, every fuch perfon being lawfully convicted of fuch offence of offences refpedtively, (liall be tranfported to fomc of his Majeily’s colonies, plantations, or fettlements in Afia, Africa, or America, for feven years, or lined in fuch* fum, and confined for fuch time as (hafl feem meet to the judge before whom fuch perfon (hall be convicted.

XXIX.	And heft further enacted, That no finer, refiner, or parter of gold, fhall fell, or expofe to fale, (hafl exchange, or expofe to be exchanged, any gold, other than and except fine gold, and without any mixture of alloy, or gold lefs than fine by one grain in the ounce only, upon pain of forfeiting fuch gold, of the value thereof.

Company XXX. And he it further enacted. That it (hall and ami corparation he lawful to and fyr the faid company of golJfmiths in Dub-^C" Ilrt, and the faid Corporation at New Geneva, and they am ****	*	hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to

make bye-laws, rules, and orders for the well government and management of their refpe&ive offices, and for fixing the time and manner for receiving in and delivering out plate brought to be affayed, and for every other purpofe relative *9 the conduit or management of fuch office, fo as fuck-

* '	H*

tnnfbortd-tifln *7 years, or fined or im-prifoned.

No gold, &c. except fin'c without alhjy, •r left by 1 grain only.

^The twenty-third and tovehty-foiirih Teats of George Ilf.

bye-laws, ruies, and orders do not in any refpeft contradift this,a<5b, or the laws of this realm.

XXXI. .And be it further enabled, That the faid coili-

f>any of goldfoiiths (hall, and ate hereby required on or be-ore the firft day of June, bne thousand feven hundred and A copy of eighty-four^ to caufe to be delivered a printed copy of this**)*®.deliver-kttky printed by his Majefty’s printer, to every perfon work- ^ woTkersf ing in ^ojd, whofe mark or punch is or (hall then be entered &c. asherein/ fn the office of the faid company.

XXXJI. And whereas the attendance of a touch-warden, A touch-or an affillant aflay-m after, id neceflary at the allay-office irt'??rdcn °r **• ^Dublin, as well for the purpofes of this aft as for the allay- 3plated an-* fng and levying the duties on filver ware r be it enafted, nualiy, &c. as *That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company of herein, goldfmiths to appoint annually, and from time to time, as often as there (nail be a vacancy, a proper perfon who (hall, have been bred to and worked in the trade of a goldfmith or filverfmith, to be touch-warden or affiftant aftaycr \ and that it (ball and may be lawful.for the officer appointed to (lamp of in ark plate by virtue of the faid recited aft, to detain out bf the duties on wrought filver plate, the yearly fum of fe-Venty pounds, to be paid to fuch perfon for his falary in the fececution pf his office.

^XXaIII. And be it further ehafted, That To foonas the on vacancy 6ffi.ee of infpeftor of the duties on wrought plate (hall be- of infpe&or*. tome vacant by the death, removal, or refignation of the	touch

fcrefent pofteflbr thereof, “the falary amlexed to faid office	*c‘

Stall ceafe and be no longer payable, and the ^uty of the laid office (hall be executed by the toilch-warden, of by fuch bfficer of the contmiffioners of tillage and inland Navigation* as the faid commiffioners (hall appoint.

XXXlV.	And be it further enafted, That from and after Dealers iif the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-foiir, no perfon, being a merchant, or jcwc^flialt manufafturei, or dealer in gold or filver wares (hall fell or regiftw, &c# expofe to fale, buy, exchange, or export any wares made of gold or filver, or of both, or any jewels, either fet or unfet,

Unlefs fuch perfon (hall have firft regiftered his name and place of abode with the faid company of goldfmiths in Dublin, in a book to be kept by the faid company for that purpofe, for tvhich regiftry the font of one (hilling^and no more, (hall be fee n, on taken by the perfon who (Hall enter the fame, under the pe- ^jlrvxodC halty of forfeiting one hundred poan^® for every offence to **	^

any perfon w ho (hall foe for the fame*

ttXV. Provided always, That if any fuch perfon fo re- change of giftered (Hall change his place of abode, he (hall be deemed abode regifter* not to be regiftered within the meaning of this aft, unlefs fuch ed in 14 days, change, and the neW place of abode be regiftered within fourteen days after fuch change.

Qjt	XXXVI. And

Digitized by L-ooQle

♦

Gold ware#, Ac. nnithtf to be bought or fold, Ac. penalty soh Gold aflayed and mwkc<k &c. as herein, exempt from thit aft.

Oath of foe

brother of the edmpeny.

tfo fee 60 exporting, dec; as herein,

iool

©I.

penalty

No bond required ffom exfc pester.

The Orventy-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

XXXVI.	And be it ena&ed, That no hawker, pedlary or other trading perfon going from town to town, nor any perfon lfccnfed as fuch, (half buy, fell, or expofe to (ale, exchange or barter any wares of gold qr fiber, or any jewels or preciotw ftones, fet or uftfet, under penalty of forfeiting tjie film of fifty pounds for every fuch offence to the perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enar&ed, That nothing in this or any other ad contained, fhaU extend, or be conftrued tp extend to prohibit or fubjed any perfon regiftered aa aforefaid, to any penalty or forfeiture for felling, exchanging, or expofing to fide, or exporting any gold veffel, gold plate, or other mamtfadure of gold of any of the three ftandarde aforefeid, nor to require it to be affayed, ftamped. Or marked purfuant to this ad, if it ffroft have been affayed, ftamped, and marked at the affay-office in London \ and if in the mark of the ifcaker thereof the number denoting the ftandard be fharked or impfeffed, nor to prohibit or fubjed to any penalty or forfeiture any perfon regiftered as aforefaid fpr felling, exchaingiug, expofmg to fale, or exporting any fiber ware, or to require any fiber ware to be affayed which fhall. have been allayed ana marked at any affay-office in Great Britain.

XXXVIII.	And be it eroded, that in the oath to be taken by a free brother of the company of goldfmiths rn the faid city, the Words, “ than of twenty-two caratsfne, nor 44 no worfe fiver1 than that of eleven ounces two penny weights 9 44 according t§ the flat ate in that Cafe made arid provided” fhall be omitted, and in lieu thereof the following words fhaD be infetledt 14 any gold or fiver of any other fnenefs than the

fandards which are ofJhall be allowed by law”

XXXIX.	And he it further enaded, That no fee br gratuity whatever (hall be demanded or received by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue for or on acconnt of the Shipping of exporting, or for the obtaining any bounty or premium on the export of any gold or fiber ware fhanufadtlred in this kingdom, or any rapufitea to be performed for the payment of fuch bounties or premiums, fare only fuch fees as are or (hall be allowed by law, or are fpecified in the table of feea fettled in the year one thoufand fix hundred sind ninety-five, Under penalty of every officer offending herein, forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch offence, to any perfon who. (hall fue for the fame.

XL. And be it ena&ed, That no bond (hall be required by any officer of the revenue from any exporter of gold or fiber ware, nor (hall the bounty be refufed or delayed fot the want of fuch bond, nor ihall any fuch bond be neceffnry to entitle the exporter to the bounty, any law to the contrary nOtwithftanding.

. i	XLt. And

*The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of Oeorge Ilf,

HS

XLI. And be it further enaded by the authority afofe- A. D. faid, That all forfeitures by this ad iniided, (hall and may 1783-4. be recovered by adiou of debt, \jill, fuit, or information Chap. 23. in any court of record in this kingdom, wherein no eflbign, V— protedign, wager of law, or more than one importance (hall fJ^cT^tke fee allowed, and fhall be to the ufe of the perfon fuing for « herein.'

*he fame; and in every fuch adion or fuit, the party againft whom a verdid or judgment (hall be giveq {whether plaintiff or defendant! (hall pay the full cofts of fuit.

XLII. Provided always, audit is hereby enaded, That Adipnia} pvery fuch adion, and every adion to be brought for atfy J’ears ior °(* ' forfeiture fbr or on account of any offenceagainft any law*• * regulating the affay ftaadard, marking, fale, ojr export gf filver ware, (hall be brought and prosecuted within. the term of three years after the offence be committed, and not afterwards.

XLIIL And be it further enaded. That if any adion Svifssgaiail or fuit (hall be brought againft the faid company of gold- *“*£*¥/* fmiths, or againft the faid corporation at New Geneva, or ** Wto againft any warden or watdens, deputy-warden or deputy-gardens, or affayer or affayers, or any other ofticer or ofB-cers thereof for any thing done in purfiiance of this ad, the fame (hall be commenced before the end of the next tern* after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid and brought in the city or place where the aftay-officc is or fhall be kept, whofe officer or officers (hall be complained of, and not elfe where; and the. defendant or defendants in fuch adion or adiona, fuit or fuits, to be brought or commenced as aforefaid, may plead the general iffue, and may give this ad, and the fpecud matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done if* purfuance, and by the authority of this ad ; and that if it fhall appear fo to be done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall he brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other city or place than as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, and upon fuch yenjid, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hail beepme nonfuited, or (hall dffcon-tinue his, her, or their adion or adions, or if a verdid fhall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plain* tiffs, then the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and haye ihe like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit ii*

Qther cafes by law.

XLIV. And be it enaded, That no affay-mafter or Noaffayer, touch-warden in the city of Publin, or weigher or drawer Sec. in Dublin, of gold in the affay-office of faid city, (hall exercife the * g.°jd ^fr“ trade or occult ion of a goldfmith or filverfmith, during f^itufc of

hig office and 1 ool.

■ # i

2^6	The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yea** of George III.

A. D. his continuance in hi* faid office, under pain of forfeiting 17^3*4* his faid office, andlikewife the fum of one hundred pound*: W*0*0*	XLV.	And	he it further ena&ed by the authority afore*

A publick aft. faid, That this a6l (hall be deemed and taken to be a pub* lick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever^ without fpedally pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXV.

1794* V* 4* ^ for rfgulating the Import of Q\namon> Cloves, Mai fa G, yC. 38.	an(?	Nutmegs, and for the letter collecting the Duties there*

on.

dovS&Tmw WHER^A§ g™1 f™!d» and *buf« !“v« h.%ea %•

be imported, * T T quently committed upon the revenue of this fybjeft to dn* kingdom, by the dandeftincly bringing in, and landing in tie* Iwrcin. fmall quantities, the feveral fpices following, viz. cinamon^ cloves, mace, and nutmegs, to the great injury of his M2U jefty’s revenue, and to the lofs «J the fair trader: be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Ifclajefty, by arid w'ith the pdvice and ednfent of 'the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That' from and after the twenty fourth day of Juue, one thoufand feven, hundred and eighty-four, }t (hal^ and may he lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to import into this kingdom ' of Ireland, during t{ie continuance of thisafl, cinamcn, doves, mace, and nutmegs fubje<5t to the feveral duties now payable for the fame, or which (hall be at any time hereafter payable for the fame, from any parts beyond the fea$, In Iri(h or'Britilh (hips, navigated according to law, whereof the matter and at lead two thirds of the mariners are Iriifh or Britifli ftibjetts, any law, ft*-tute or ufage to the conti try thereof notwithftanding. Importer* (fave II. Provided always. That the merchant or perfon in-irom Gt Br.) tending to import the fame from any part* beyond the feas, to cojimiffion- °^er than Great Britain? (ball firft give notice tci the comer* of quality miffionersof bis tyfajefty’s revenue for the time*bemg» of his, pnd quantity, her, Qt* their intention to import the fame, with the quantity ^c. as herein, and quality of the fpices fo intended to be imported, w ith the name of the (hip and the mailer or commander on which they are to bj ladcnV and the place or port }nto which they intend to'import the Tame, and t^f 4 licence be obtained from the faid pmmiflioners, or any. ^hree of them, under their hands for thelading and'impomng thereof as afqrefaid, in which licenfe (hall be exprefled the quantity and quality o£ the faid fpices fo to be imported, and the place or port into which they are intended to be imported, which licence they ire hereby authorized aud required to grant without an£

‘ " $

.. Digitized by Google



a

w

*47

A. D,

’7 »3-4-Chap. 2J.

Imported in calki, See. nut* nu;^** cloves^ or mace eaci>

Tie twenty-third md twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

fee or reward, or any other charge to the perfon or perfoni demanding the fame, any law, cuflom, or ufage to the contrary APtwith(landing ; and if any greater quantity pf the laid fpices fhall be imported than (hall be expreflld in the faid Jicenfe, the wThole fo imported fhall be deemed to be imported^ without licenfe, and fhall be forfeited, and may be informed a^ainft and fued for by fuch means and in fuch manner as is herein after fet forth, the one moiety of fuch forfeiture to go to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety to the perfou informing a^aiult and fuing fpr the fame.

IfJ- And be It ena&ed by the authority afore (aid, That ill cinamoii, cloves, mace, and nutmegs to be imported into this kingdom by virtue of fuch licenfe from any place or places beyond the Teas, other than Great Britain, be not in joolb. any other package than in cafks or bales, which calks or bales lhall contain the quantity hereafter mentioned, that k to fay, each calk of nutmegs, cloves, 4 or mace, to weigh net three hundred pounds weight or upwards, each tale of cinamoo to weigh net feventy poupds weight or upwards.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the liceufe fo taken T,ia*nc« de-out for the fpices aforefaid, (hall be delivered to the mer- livctcd toim-chant or perfon demanding the fame; which licence lhall be Porty nn produced and deliyered up by the mailer, purfer, or other	^

perfon taking charge of the (hip wbcryiu l'uch fpices (hall be n.afters name, imported, wjth the name of the (hip and mailer, together marks, 44 with the marks and numbers of each calk, bale, or parcel, hcrciI1t and t^e quantity and quality of fuch fpices indorfed on the back thereof, to the collector or other proper officer of the port intp which the fame lhall be imported at the time of bin or their entering pr invoicing the ihip ; any. law, cullom, or uf?gc to the contrary notwitlillanding : and in cafe the mailer, purfer, or other perfon taking charge of any Ihip importing any of the fcid fpices from any place or places beyond the feas, other than from Great Britain, fhall not deljver up fuch licence to the collector or other proper officer of the port into which fuch fpices fhall be imported, at jjie tirpe of his or tfiyir entering pr invoicing the laid Ihip, regularly indorfed, and alfo annex fuch licence to the entry, invoice, or report of the (hip ; and in cafe each calk of nut-ynegs, cloves, or mace fo imported lhall not contain net three hundred pounds weight, and each bale of pinamon net ic*. venty pounds weight, then and in any of the faid cafes, fud^ putmegs, cloves, mace, or pipamou, lhall be deemed to b«j imported without a licence, and fhall he forfeited,, together with the (hip or veil'd importing the fame, and fuch fpices * fludl and may be informed againlt, and grofecutcd in the

ppunnvc

Digitized by



^Google

248	The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.

A. D. manner herein after direded, as alfo the (hip importing the

i7*8t-4**	fame, as if fuch fpices had been imported without a li-

Chap. 2*5.	cence 5 any laip, cuftom, or ufege to the contrary qotwith-

landing.

if in bags, V. And whereas fuch fpices are frequently imported iq or fmall parcels bags or other fmall parcels packed in hogfheads, calks, bale* forfeited. or other package* in order to run the feme clandeftinely : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred aiu| eighty four, any of the faid fpices above mentioned, (hall be found on board any (hip or veflel, other than a fhip or vef-fel from Great Britain, in bags, or any other fmall parcels packed in hogfheads, calks, or bales, the feme (hall be forfeited, together with the (hip or veil'd conveying the feme^ one moiety to his*Majefty, hk heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform aqd fue for the feme.

Penalties le* VI* And be it ena&ed by the authority afprefeid, That arfj vied and ap-	and every the penalties and forfeitures created or infli&ed by

^!i&Tbc 2	thisaa» may be fued fpr, recovered, levied and applied in

& 15 •	|“uc|1 manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and

with fuch powers and authorities as are preferibed, direded and appointed in and by an ad of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An 08 for Jetttwg the excife or aetq iwpofl upon his Majejly, his heirs and fucceJforsy according to the book of rates herein infertedt as hilly and effeduafly to all intents, conftru&ions and purpofes, as if the feme were particularly mentioned, exprdTed, and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her or them-felves aggrieved, or injured, as ip *nd by the feid ad of excife is provided.

Aa in force VII. Provided always, and be it enade£ by the at^ to 24 June thority aforefaid, That thisad, and the feveral provifions 1784, and end hereby made, (hall continue and be in force for the (pace of next feffion. Q£ gvc yCarg from thc twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and po .	longer.

CHAR

/

«

Digitized by

e . .•

77* twenty-third and twenty-fourthT of George III,	349

A. D.

CHAP. XXVI.	1783-4.

jfn A3 for the doe accounting for all Money granted for Pub- Amended Bek IVorkt, Charities, andHofpitals therein mentioned; and *S 3- *j. for the ordering a regular Account in future of all Monies entrufted to the Corporation for carrying on the Inland Navigation ; the Trujlees of the Linen Manufacture ; the Dublin Society ; the Corporation for paving the Streets of DuHm* and for other Purpofes therein mentioned•

XX7HEREAS large fums of money have from time to Three com-* * time been heretofore, and may be hereafter granted miflioncr* (hall by ParliamcTit to various perfons, bodies politick and others, o^ubli^nu^ for the improvement of this kingdom, by erefting piers, ney'grantciT^ forming canals, making rivers navigable, building churches, for purpofes * colleges, fchools, gaols, hofpitals, and bridges, widening herein, facets, rendering harbours more commodious, making the pircular road round Dublin, eflablifhing coal-yards in Dublin pnd Cork, and fpr promoting many other works of publick utility: to the intent therefore, that the expenditure of all fuch fums may be juftly spid fully accounted for; be it enacted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lotds fpiricual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of impreft accounts, or any three of them for the time being, and they are hereby required, asfoon as conveniently may be after the palling of this aft, to call bo fore them the feveral perfons who have at any time received from his Majefty's treafury, any publick money for any of the purpofes aforefaid, as alfo the feveral perfons to whom any money ha? been granted or appropriated for any of the (aid purpofes, and the fuccelTors, executors, and adminiftra-tors of fuch perfons refpeftively, and to require them to give an account of the expenditure of the faid money, and to exhibit to the faid commiflioners all fuch accounts, certificates, warrants of expenditure, books, muniments, or bills whatsoever, as fhall touch or concern the receipt or expenditure of fuch money, or the charge or difehar^e of the accounts thereof, and as fhall be or remain in their hands or cuftody, and to examine upon oath (which oath any three of them are hereby impowered to adminifter) the faid feveral perfons touching the feveral items thereof, or any entries therein, and touching any matter relative to the receipt, expenditure, or non-expenditure of the faid money ; and likewife to call before them and examine upon oath (which oath any three pf them are hereby impowered to adminifter) all fuch other perfons whatfoever as they (hall have reafon to believe were

in	•

Digitized by v^ooQle

No enquiry previous to 25 Dcccm. 1776, as herein,

Truftee* of linen manufacture ami IXbiin Soci<i)’» account*, to be given in, w:th a flute of thp funds, &c.

The twenty-third and twenty-}turih Tear* of George IIL.

in any wife concerned in, or had any knowledge of the re* ceipt or expenditure of fuch money, or of the application thereof, or the execution or non-execution of the work for which the fame was granted or appropriated: provided always, that nothing in this claufe contained (hall require or oblige the faid commiflioners to enquire into the expenditure of any money granted for any of the purpofes aforefaid, previous to the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feveiv hupdred and feventy fix, except where any grant op payment made fince the faid time for any of the mid pur-poles, (hall in their judgments make fuch enquiry neceftary or ufeful, or except where the)' (hall otherwife find it nccel-fary for the publick fervice; and the faid commiflioners fhaD perufe, call up, try, and examine the laid accounts, anrf upon examination thereof, and of all fuch perions, books, papers, and other matters as they IhaJl think proper, they fhall make full, perfe&, and juft accounts, or declarations of |he accounts containing the fum and fubftance thereof, iu charge and difeharge ; and they (hall c*ufe to be made by |hc auditor pf the impreft accounts, three copies thereof, pne to be given to the party or parties accountable, one to remain of record in his Majefty’s court of Exchequer, and pne other to be delivered to the clerk of the bouic of com* paons, to be by him laid before that houfe.

II.	And whereas various fums have been granted from limq to time, and annual revenues appropriated to the truA tees of the linen manufa&urc, and to the Dublin Society 5 be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truf-tees, and the laid focicty (hall, a» foon as conveniently may be, ftate ap account of the debt* due, and engagements en«* tered intp and remaining unfatisfied by them refpc&ivclv, on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven bun* dn»d and eighty three, or twenty fifth day of March, on* thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, or firft day of June, pne thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, as they (hall fee moft convenient; apd likewife the ftate of the funds remain* ing untxpepded, apd grants unpaid by them refpe&ively at the faid time ; and they (hall ftate the balance of their debt and credit, and pf their funds and engagement^, and deliver the fame to tfie faid cogimiflioners, figued by their fecre* tary, or otjipr chief officer for that purpofe, and confirmed refpeftivtly as a juft and true ftate, by the fignature of five at lead of the faid truftees, or by thp fcal of the Dublin Society ; and the faid commiflioners (hall once in every year afterwards examine and ftate the accounts of the receipts and expenditure, and of the debt and credit of the faid boards refpe&ively, and make like accounts and declaration* pf the accounts thereof, with like copies as herein before dw Tjfc^ea, in refped of money granted for the improvement of

4

Like account*

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	251

this kingdom, by ere&ing piers, and other publick works; A. I) provided always, that fuel) annual examination of the ac- 17834. counts of the faid Society (hall be made only fo long as the £hap. 26. (aid Society (hall receive any parliamentary grant of publick money, and no longer.

III.	And whereas the Foundling Hofpital of the city of Dublin, the Hiberpian apd Marine Hofpitals, Saint Patrick’s

Hofpital, the Houfe of I adult ry in the faid city, and the anddelivcre^ proteftant Charter Schools, are maintained principally by as herein, publick grants or appropiiations : be it further enacted, That the refpetlive governors, guardians, or truftees thereof, (hall in like manner Hate the balances of their debt and credit, and of the total funds of the faid charities refpedlively oq the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred'and eighty three, and deliver the fame to the faid com* miffionere, figned by their refpe&ive Secretary or chief officer for that purpofe, §nd confirmed as juit and true Hates by the fign^ture of five governors, or by the corporation feal x refpectively; and the faid commifiioners lhall once in every year after, examine and Hate the accounts of the receipt and expenditure, and of the debt and credit of the faid charities refpe&ivcly, in like manner is herein before directed, refpecting the Dublin Society.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Like account* That the faid cominifijoners fnall in like manner try, exa-f°r paving as mine, and (late the accounts of all monies raifed or received ^lcrc“l*

by virtue of any act or acts of Parliament, finee the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two^ for the purpofe of paving the flreets, lantf, alleys, fquares, and bridges in the city of Dublin, and liberties thereto adjoining, from the commencement of t|ie faid afls, to thle iwpnty fifth day i f l)e^ember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty three, and lhall once in every year afterwards examine and ilaie the	,

accounts of the debt and credit, and of t he receipt and expenditure of the corporation for paving the faid (beets, anid other places in the faid city apd liberties.

V.	And whereas by an a& palled in this kingdom in the Coramifliwi-fixth year of ti e reign of her late Majcily Queen Anne, cn-ei* lhall call for titled, Jin Si cl 'for ckanfmg the port, harbour, and rracr^?CA°UIr!

Dublin, anil for ere fling a balfaf-ojfre in the faid ri'y, tlie fe-	KC*

vend duties arifing by virtue thereof, (Incident charges, fa-

lariesj and necefiary expenses of the hallalLofiiee being firlt dedu’cledj) were appropriated to *be employed in amending and eleanijng the find river and port of Dublin, and in cafe of any overplus, tlie'fame was dirc&ed to be applied towards the fuppoit' of the Hofpital of Blue-coat boys in the laid city i and v.hertas the faid duties have produced a very coniictrable annual revenue, and if not duly expended, are |n yuneeefiary charge on the trade and (hipping of the port

Digitized by v^ooQle

A. D.

*783-4-

Chap. *6.

grants and fines out of public revenues examined, fee. as herein.

Like enquiry as to grants to inland navigation.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III,

of Dublin : and whereas the lord mayor, fherifls, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, were by the (aid ad required once in every three years, to lay before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom, and council, a true account of the annual produce of the faid duties or fums charged by virtue of the (aid ad, and how the fame were applied : and whereas regular and fatisfadory accouim have not been laid before the lord lieutenant and council pur-fuant thereto ; and whereas, over and above the (aid dudes, large fums have from time to time been granted out of the publlck revenues to the lord mayor, (herins, commons, and citizens of the faid city, to ered a wall, commonly called the ballad-office wall, in the harbour of the (aid city, or for otherwife improving the faid harbour, to the amount in the whole of fifty feven thoufand one hundred and fixty nine pounds four (hillings and fix pence, from the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty two, to the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty one; and whereas by an ad paffed in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ah for vefing further powers in the lord major% jherijfs, commonj9 ana citizens of the city of Dublin, for the Jr curing of Jhips trading to the port and harbour of Dublin, feve-ral duties were granted to be paid to the ballaft-mafter of the ballad office of the faid port of Dublin, to be iffiied by him for the purpofes of the faid ad, and the overplus to be applied towards carrying on the ballad-office wall: be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid com-miffioners, or any three of them, (hall, and they are hereby direded, as foon as conveniently may be after the paffing (if this ad, to call for the accounts of the receipt and expenditure of all the faid duties and grants, and of all fines or pc. , lties recovered under the faid ads, or either of them, to be exhibited to them, together with all certificates, warrants, proofs of expenditure, books, muniments, receipts, bills, or other entries or papers whatfoever, which (hall touch or concern the receipt or expenditure of the faid feveral duties, grants, fines or penalties, or the charge or difeharge of the accounts thereof, and they lhall perufe, cad up, try, and examine the faid accounts, and make, or caufe to he made three copies thereof in like manner as herein before direded in refped of money granted for the improvement of this kingdom, by ereding piers and- other publick works.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiffi-oncrsfludl, as foon as conveniently may be, enquire into the receipt and expenditure of all money heretofore granted to the corporation for promoting and carrying on the inland navigation in this kingdom, and (hall date the balance of th£ debt and credit of the (aid corporation on the twenty

fifth

Digitized by v^ooQle

V

Auditor (Kail.

r The twenty-eUrd and twenty-fourth Tears of George III,

fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty three, and make like accounts thereof as aforefaid* particularizing the nature and caufes of the debts, and to whom and for what purpofe due; and they (hall once in every Year after, ftate in like manner, and make like account of the receipt and expenditure, and debt and credit of the faid corporation!

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the auditor of all foreign accounts and imprefts (hall audite the accounts^ and affift the faid commidioners in examining, taking, and mak ing all and every the accounts prefcribed by this a& in like manner as the faid auditor hath audited and aflifted the faid commiffioners in any accounts heretofore taken by them, and may receive like fees as ufually have been heretofore paid, on other accounts by him audited.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Commiffion-

faid. That the faid commidioners, or any three of them, (hall	oath

have full power and authority, and they are hereby authoriz- au lpCrfon*°aind ed to call before them, and examine upon oath, all perfons accounts See. who have been at any time concerned, or who they (had

have reafon to believe, were at any time concerned in, or have any knowledge of the receiving, expending, difburfing, or in any wife accounting for, entering, paying, or managing any of the monies of which they are hereby enjoined to (tate accounts, and likewife to call before them, and examine upon oath, all perfons whom they (hall think proper, for the purpofe of enquiring into the honefty, efficacy, and legality of the expenditure of all fuch monies, and into the prefent ftate and conditions of the feveral works whereto any of fuch monies have been applied, and to fend for and require to be exhibited to them, as often as they (hall think proper, all accounts, certificates, books, muniments, bills, plans, papers, and writings of what nature foever, and in whofefoever cuf-tody they may be, which in any wife touch or concern the receipts, expenditure, difpofal, or management of the faid monies, and to examine upon oath .; which oath any one of the faid commiffioners is hereby impowered to adminifter, to aQ perfons whom they (hall think proper, touching the ftate, cuftody, entries or items in fuch accounts,, certificates, books, muniments, bills, plans, papers, or writings.

IX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore* CommllB-faid, That the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of en^Une theiri, (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required to ex- into all fnmdu-amine upon oath, which oath any one of them is hereby im- lent or impro-. powered to adminifter, into all corrupt and fraudulent or im- ^ p™^5*** proper practices, or other mifcondu& in the expenditure, application of, ordering, or accounting for iiTuing or receiving all and finguiar the faid monies, and into the efficacy and due execution of the works for which any part thereof have been

' granted

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George ffl.

A. D.

1783-4. Chap: 26.

6«th of com-tniflioneis and JxrfoDs <_m-pldycd.

granted or appropriated ; and they (hall not include in the difeharge part of any account which (hall be ftated by theirf in purluance of this a^t any. article of expendituie which* does ndt appear to them to be agreeable to the intention or import of the grant to, or truft repofed in, or legal powers* vetted in the parties to whom fuch grant has been or (hall have been made; and they flialj without further requifition,* as foon as poflible, after their determination ahd proceeding On any of the matters herein committed to their examination, give an account thereof in writing, under the hands and feals of any three or more of them, to the chief governor of this Jringdbfn, rind to both houfes of parliament; and they (hall teport therewith, what defeats, frauds, or illegalities (hall have been obferved during their proceedings in the mode of account or expenditure, or in trie execution of the fevend trufts aforefaid ; and likewife fuch regulations, or other nutters as they (hall in their judgment deem expedient to be obferved and adopted, for the better dire&ing, enforcing, and fecuring the boned, juft, and effe&ual expenditure of all future grants of money, for the faid fetcral or fimikr purpofes^ Or an jr of them.

X.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid^ *That the faid commiflioriers, and every perfon employed by, and a&ing under them, in the execution of this (hall fc-terally before they enter on the execution of the fame* take and fubferibe the Oath following:

/A. fi. do fweary that 1 willfaith fully y impartially, arui t) the hejl of my Jkill andjudgment, execute the feveral powers and trujh vefled in me, by an ad pajfcd in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, entitled. An ad for the due, accounting for all money granted for public k works, charitui, and bofpitals therein mentioned ; and for the ordering a regular account In future of all monies inlrujled to the corporation for carrying on the inland navigation ; the truflees of the linen manufadure; the Dublin Society ; the corporation for pacing theJlreets of Dublin f Und for other purpofes therein mentioned^ according to the true tneanihg dnd import of the faid ad*

Which oath (hall and may be adminiftered to the faid cpni-iniflidners, by the chancellor, lord chief baron, or any of the barons of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer in this kingdom ; and the faid oath (hall and may be adminiitered by any Commiflioner fo fwora, to any other perfon fo to be employed as aforefaid.

^ Perfon* not XI. be ft further ena£ed, That if any perfon duly1 iinTmonf flee. fummoncd by precept, under the hand and feal of the faid penalty 20L Commiflioners, or any of them, to appear before the faid com-miflioners touching any of thq matters aforefaid, to give evidence

I

Digitized by

Google -------

Ybe Hbenty-th'trJ andtiventy-fwrth Tears tf George tit*	iff

dence or otherwifc, or to exhibit any account, certificate* A. D. book, nittniment, bill, plan, paper, or writing purfuant to 1783-4. this ad, fhall refufe or negleft to appear or to exhibit any of Chap. i6* the aforefaid articles in his or her ftiftody, porter or poflcf-	mJ

fion, at the day and time in the furtnhons mentioned j or td anfwer any queftion upon oath which fhall be propofed td him or her by any of the faid ctommiflioners* touching any matter or thing which they are impowered or directed td examine into by this ad, every fuch pcrfon fhall forfeit thd fum of twenty pounds for every fuch negleft or reftlfal, to bd recovered by bill, aftion, plaint, or information in any of hii Majcfly’s courts of record by any perfon who fhall fue for the lame $ and if any of the faid grants, or any part thereof, fhall have been made to, received by, or paid to fuch perfon, or td any one to whom fuch perfon is fucceflor, executor, or adml-tiiftrator, fuch perfon fo negleftitig or refufing, fhall not only forfeit the like fum for every negleft Or refilfal, to be recovered in like manner, but fuch procefs fhall likewife ifTue out of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer againfl him or her upon complaint made before the faid court, as is ufual againfl debtors to his Majefly who refufe or negleft to account.

ill. And be it further enafted, That his Majefty’s vied- Officers (haR treafurers and receivers, or paymafters general, their deputy furmfti accouucS-•r deputies, and the accountant general, fhall fumifh from time to time to the faid commiflioners, all fuch accounts as the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them fhall require or demand in the courfe of their proceeding in the execution of this aft, and as fhall be in their power, from their tefpeftive offices to make out and furnifh touching all or any.

•f the matters herein contained.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- palfe (weir-faid, That if any perfon or perfons fo fwearing or affirm- ing or fuborni-Ing before the faid commiflioners, or any of them as afore- tion pumihcd as faid, (hall wilfully, falfely, and corruptly take any oath or af- WI 0 Perlar7-* firmation in purfuance of this aft, and be thereof lawfully eonvifted by verdift, or upon his, her, or their confeflion, he, fhe, or they fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, pains, and difabilities, as perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any of the laws now in force in this kingdom liable into, or if any perfon or perfons fhall corruptly procure, or fubom any other perfon to take fuch falfe oath or affirmation, and the perfon or perfons fo procuring or fuborning, fhall be thereof convifted by verdift, or upon his, her, or their confeffion, every perfon fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence inc lr and fuller fuch penalties, forfeitures, pains, Jind difabilities, as perfons convifted of fubornation of perjtny are by any of the laws now of force in this kingdom liable twito ; and if any

officer

7%i twenfy^ttird and tovcMy-fourtb Teatt nf George III*

officer of any corporation, charity, or publick efiahlifhineBt herein before mentioned what foe ver, (hall refufe or wilfully aegle£t to obey any fummons or order iffued by the laid com-miffioners, or any three of them, to appear before, or to exhibit and lay before them any accounts, certificates, bocfks* muniments, bills, plans, papers, and writings, which (hall be in hiscuftody or podemon, or to anfwer, upon oath, any queftion which (hall be propofed to him by virtue of this ad, every fuch officer, (hall for every fuch offence, not only forfeit the penalty herein before impofed, but (hall be likewife declared, and (hall be incapable of holding his faid office any longer.

XIV.	And be it further cna&ed, That there (hall be iffued and paid out of his Majcfty’s treafury from time to time, upon the requeff of the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, all fuch fum or fums of money as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being (hall dired, not exceeding in any one year the fum of one thoufand pounds for the payment of clerks, meflengers, and other expences attending the. execution of this ad; the receipt and difburfement whereof (hall be dated by the (aid commiffioners, and laid by them before the chief governor or goyernors for the time being, and before each hoafe of Parliament, on the fird day of eve* ry feffion.

Cot&mi&on- XV. And whereas by letters patent under the great feal en may call * °f this kingdom, bearing date the twenty (ixth day of May, for perfons, in the twenty fird year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, papers, ficc. the faid commiffioners are authorized and impowered to pc-rufe, cad up, try, examine, and date feveral accounts of confiderable importance and difficulty: and whereas it would tend greatly to the more effe&ual execution of their dud duty, and to the fervice of the publick, if the (aid commiffioners were inveded with the fame powers of calling for pen* fons, books, papers, and records, and examining accountants and others, upon oath, in the execution of all their duties as aic given them In this a&, in the execution of the feveral new or additional duties thereby impofed upon them: be it therefore enS&ed, That the faid commiffioners, or any of them, (hall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered* by precept under his or their hands and (cals, to call for fuch perfons, books, papers, writings, and records as they (hall judge neceffary for their information touching the aceourts, matters, and things referred to their confideration, as well by their faid p tent as by tfye prefent a&, and to examine upon oath (which oath any of the faid commiffioners is hereby authorized to adminifter) all i:ch perfons as they (hall think fit, relative to any of the accounts, matters, and things as aforelaich

CHAP.

Payments to clerks, and ocher expencel from treafury not to exceed ioooI. a year.

twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III; CHAP. XXVII.

otin A3 for the more ef dually amending and repairing the Road leading from the Town of Dundalk, in the County of Louth, to Bannbridge in the County of Down ; and for the letter fecuring the Debts whirls are now due to the Creditors of the faid Read.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the feventh year of his late Majeily King George the fecond, entitled. An ad for repairing the road leading from the town f Dundalk in the county of Louth y to a bridge over the river Bunn, commonly called Bamtbridgey in the county of Down, ar.d whereas one other aft was made in the th fd year of his prefent Ma* jelly’s reign, entitled, An ad for the more ejfe dually a men (ting and repairing the road leading from the town of Dundalk in the county of Louth, to Bannbridge in the county of Down> and for the better fecuring the debts now due, or which Jkall hereafter become due, to the creditors of the faid road : and whereas the faid laws have not etfeftiiaUy anfwered the purpofes thereby intended, and it is found expedient to repeal all fuch parts of the faid refpeftive afts as (hall not impair or invalidate the fecurity and fecurities of all or any of the perfon and perfons Who have lent and advanced any fum or fums of money upoil the fecurityj and for the purpofes in the faid afts or either of them contained : be it therefore enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majeily, by and with the advice and pohfent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons in this prefent ^Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the tame. That from and after the firll day of May, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, the faid recited aft of the feventh year of the reign of his late Majeily King George the fecond, entitled. An ad for repairing the road leading from Dundclk in the county of Louth to a bridge over the river Bannt commonly called Bannbridge, in the county of Down s and alfo the faid recited aft of the third year of bw prefent Majelly’s reign, entitled, An ad for the more ejfcduall> amending and repairing the road leading from the town of Dundalk in the county of Louth to Bannbridge in the County of Down, and for the better fecuring the debts now due or which Jhall hereafter become due to rise creditors of the .paid road, and every claufe, article, matter and thing therein refpeftively contained, (fave fo much and fuch parts thereof refpeftively, as relate or extend to the fecurity of the fe* vend perfons who have advanced any fum or iums of money for the purpofes contained in the faid afts or either of them ) be, and the fame are hereby refpeftively repealed and made uuli and void.

Vol. VII.	R	II.	And

7 G. a. c. 24.

3 b 3- c. 31-

7 G. a..c. 24.

3 G. 3. c. 31.

repealed lave as to fecurity for money ad* vanced.

Digitized by

j58

The	twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears if George i’ll.

A. T\ 17*3-4-Chap. 27.

The road divided into two pirts.

Truftees of the fomhern divifion.

Truftee* of the northern divifion.

Truftees to take the follow ing oa»h, before ailing,

II. And for the further furveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the faid road or highway : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid road, fo leading from Dundalk to Bannbridge as aforefaid, fhall be divided into two parts or dfvifione, and that fo much of the faid road as lies between the faid town of Dundalk in the laid county of Louth, and the town of Newry in the faid county of Down, (hall hereafter be diftinguilhed and known by the name of the fouthem divifion of the faid road, and fo much thereof as lies between the faid town of Newry and the faid town of Bannbridge, (hall hereafter be diflinguiihed and known by the name of the northern divifion of the faid-road.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the governor and Ctiflas Roiulorum of the county of Louth, and the governor and Cujlor Rotulormn of the county of Armagh, the knights of the (hire for the faid counties of Louth and Armagh, the reprefentatives in Parliament for the boroughs of Dundalk andDunleer in the faid county of Lowth, the reprefentatives in Parliament for the boroughs of Armagh and Charlemont in the (aid county of Armagh, together with the juft ices of the peace for the counties of Louth, Armagh and Down, all for the time being, and the furvivors of them, the lords of the lordlhip of BaUymafcan* Ion, the bailiff of Dundalk or his afting deputy, the fenef-dial of Ballymafcanlon, the reftors or refident vicars of Dundalk, Hoynftown, Lowth, Foughart, and Jonefborourh, be and are hereby nominated and appointed truftees of the fouthem divifion of the faid road.

IV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the governor of the county of Down, and Cufiot Rotohtrvm of the faid county of Down, the bifhop of Dromore, the knights for the (hire of the faid county of Down, the representatives in Parliament for the borough of Newry, the juf ticesof the peace for the faid county of Down, the lord of the lordfhip and manor of Newry, the dean of Dromore, the reftor or refident vicars of Newry, Donoghmorr, Lough-brickland, and Scapatrick, and the collcftor of the port of Newry, and the fenefchal of the lordfhip and manor of Newry, and the furvivors of them, all for thd time being, be, and are hereby nominated and appointed truftees of the northern divifton of the faid toad.

V.	Provided always. That no perfon hereby appointed a * truftetf of the faid fouthern divifion of the faid road, or of the

faid northern divifion of the faid road, (hall aft as a truftee of either of the faid divifions, nor be capable of exercifingall or any of the powers hereby vefted in the truftees of each refpeftive divifion of the faid road, unlefs it be the powers

hereby



Digitized by

.

The twenty third and twenty fourth Tears of George III-	259

hereby given of adminiftering oaths to tmftces, ’till fuch par- A. D. iba /hall have taken the following oath.	1783-4.

Chap. ay.

1 A. B. do /wear, that I am in pojfejjton of a real or free* hold ejlaic, of the eltar yearly value of two hundred pounds fleeting, above all debts and incumbrances, or that / am poffrffed of a perfonal fortune of the value of four thoufand pounds d-r* ting above my debts, tsnd that I will at every board or meeting of the fend truffecs or carrying this a3 into execution, where I flail be pr font, execute the office of trufiee, and the trujls thereby repofed in me, honeffly and impartially to the bfo of my JkiQ end judgment.

So help me God\

Which faid oath any five or more of the faid trude$s are hereby unpowered and required to adminifterto each other in their faid refpe6live dividend.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforef*id, Five tmfleei That the faid truftees of the faid refpe&ive divifions of the faid road, or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or n^' ** perfotis as they, or any five or more of them, (hall authorize or appoint, by writing under their hands and feals, (hall and may ere&, or cSufe to be erected, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, within, upon, or acrofs any part or parts of the faid refpe&ive divifions of the faid road* or on the fide or fides of the faid refpe&ive divifion9 of the faid road acrofs any lane of way leading out of or from any part or parts of the faid refpedtive divifions of the faid road, and alfo a toll-houfe or toll houfes, and there (Jiall demand, receive, and take the tolls and duties following, before any |j,c toys# horfe, mare, or gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, eaia(hf chaife, chair, gig, waggon, wain, cart, dray, car or other carriage, (hall he permitted to pafs through the fame, that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or other carriage drawn by fix ho^fes, or more, the fata of three (hflliugs and three pence ; for every coach, berlin, char riot, calafh, chaife, chair, gig, or other carriage drawn by four horfes, or more, the fura of two (hillings and two pcnca; for every coach, berlin, chariot, crilafii, chaife, phair, gig,, gr other carriage, drawn by two horfes, or more, the fum of one (hilling and four pence ; for every chaife, chair, gig, or other carriage drawn by one horfe, the fum of nine pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, diay, or carriage With four wheels, the breadth of each of fuch wheals being fix inches at the lead qt the foal, and drawn by one or more horfes, the fum of fix pence ; for every wain, cart, dray, or other carriage with two wheels, the breadth of each wheel bping fix ipches at the lead at the foal, and drawn by two or more horfes, the fum of four pence ; and for every wain, cart,

R ?	dray.

rcrfons appointed to receive faiii ti:lL &c.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

dray, or other carriage with two wheels, the breadth of each of fuch wheels not being lefs than fix inches at the foal, and ‘drawn by one horfe, the fum of three pence ; for erery waggon, wain, cart, or dray with four wheels, each of fach wheels not.being fix inches at the foal, the fum of ten (hillings; for every wain, cart or dray with two wheels, each of fuch wheels being lefs than fix inches at the foal, and above three inches, having two or more horfes, the fum of one dulling; and for ever)' cart or dray drawn by-one horle, the wheels whereof not being lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of lix pence ; for every car having but one horfe, mare, or gelding, the breadth of the wheels thereof not being lefs than three Inches at the foal, the fum of one penny halfpenny; and for every carriage of what kind foever, having the ftreaks of the wheels thereof fet on with other naita than rofe or flat-headed nails, and for every carriage of what kind foever, with wheels narrower than three inches in the foal, treble toil, over and above, and In addition to the tolls herein before and hereby enabled and made payable upon fuch carriages* refpcetively ; for every horfe, mare, or gelding, mule, or afs, ladeii or unladen, and not drawing, one penny (except horfes, mares, geldings, mules, or afles laden with turf, and not drawing) for every drove of Wen or neat cattle, the fum of two (hillings and two pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, or lambs* the fum of one fhiUingand three pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or feller number; and for every horfe, mare, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, gig, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, travelling on Sunday from fun^rife to fun-fet, one third of the aforefeid tolls, over and above, and in addition to the tolls hereby made payable, upon fuch carriages and cattle refpe&ively, travelling on any other day than Sunday, which fat'd refpective fum and fums of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or at a toll or duty j and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid upon each refpective divifion of the faid road, (hall be veiled in the faid truftees of each refpective divifion thereof; and the fame anti even' part thereof (hall be applied and difpofed of by the faid trultees of each refpective divifion, to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner as is. herein uier directed,16f and concerning the feme.

VIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid* That it (boll and may be lawful to and for the faid trufteet of each refpective- divifion of the faid road, or any five or more of them by themiclvcs, or by writing under their hands and Utils, or under the hands and feals .of any five or more of them, to impower, authorize and appoint any jieifon or perfons to levy the toll or duty hereby required

and

The Itusnfy-thtrJ and twenty-fourth Tears of G-eorge III.	261

and directed to be paid upon, or by all and every or any	A. D.

perfon or perfons liable to or chargeable with the payment	1783-4.

of the fame ; and if any perfon or perfons liable to, c/r charge- Chap. 27. able with the payment of the faid tolls or any of them, (hall after demand thereof beiiig made by fuch ptrfon or perfons lawfully empowered to detnand and receive the fame, neglect or refufe to pay the fame, then it fliall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons fo empowered to feize and diftrain any horfe, horfes, or other cattle or carriages, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this act impofed, or upon any other the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons de- . dining or refufing {d pay the fame, and may detain and keep fuch diftrefs until fuch toll or duty, with the reafonablc charge of fuch didraining or keeping (hall be paid; and it fliall be lawful to aftd for fuch perfon or perfons fo dill raining aftet the fpace of four days after fuch dillrefs made and taken, to fell the goods diltrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the owner thereof, after deducing fuch toll duty, and fuch reafonable charges as may have incurred by reafon of diftrainingand keeping the fame ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall forcibly or fraudulently pafs tbroUgh ahy gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, now erefted, or hereafter to be erefted, in, upon. Or aerdfs cither of the faid divifions of the faid road, or on the fide~of either of the faid divifions thereof, acrofs any lane or way leading out of either of the faid divifions of the faid road, or (hall lead or drive any horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, or any other cattle, or any carriage or carriages upon which any 'toll or duty is hereby direfted to be paid, through any fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes now erefted, or nercaf-ter to be erefted upon either of the faid divifions of the fa/d road, without having firft paid the toll hereby direfted to be paid upon fuch cattle or carriage, then and in fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfdps fo forcibly or fraudulently pafling through fuch gate or gates* turnpike or turnpikes, or any of them, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds, over *jnd above the toll or duty hereby direfted and required to be paid; the faid fum of five pounds to he levied and paid by diftrefs and fale, in fuch manner as is herein before direfted with refpeft to perfons whp (hall n6-gleft or refufe to pay 1q11 after demaqd thereof being made as afbrefoid.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That out of the firft money arifing from the profits of the feveral turnpikes now erefted or hereafter to be erefted on the faid road leading from Dundalk to Bannbridge, the faid truftees of the faid refpeftive divifioqi, thereof, (hall firft pay and difeharge the expence of procu mg this aft of Par- 2tpencci°of

.	expences	(

liament, thisaa,

*

U .

Digitized by

intereft of

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of Georgt III*

A. P- liament, one half of fuch expeqee to be paid by faid truftees 1783-4. of the fouthera divifion thereof, or any five or rhoie of them, Chap. *7. and the other half of fuch expence to be paid by the faid truf-tees of the northern divifion thereof, or any five or more of them, and that the faid truftees of each refpeftive diviftpn of the faid road, or any five or more of them, (hall, during the continuance of this aft rcfpeftivtly pay and difeharge the expence of erefting fuch turnpike or turnpikes, toll-houfe br toll-houfes as may be neceflary to be erefted or built on or within the faid refpeftive divifions 0/ the faid road.

IX.	And whereas the former truftees of the faid road, fhni* borrowed. leading from Dundalk to Bannbridge, nominated and ap-from primate pointed by the faid a&s made in the feventh year of his late dk> ter, &c. Majedy King George the fecond, and by the faid aft made in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or a competent number of them, fit purfuance of the powers by the faid afts veiled in the faid truftees, have from time to time borrowed feveral fums of money for the pnrpofes of the {aid afts ; from the feveral.pcrfoiis herein after mentioned, that is to fay, from the late deft or William Godley, the fum of one thoufand pounds fterling ; from the late lord pri-v piate Bolter, the fmp of five hundred pounds fterling} from ftdary	the	firm	pf	feventy-five pounds fterling ; fiom

Thomas Blair, the fum of three hundred pounds fterling; from James Pollock, the furp of fifty pounds fterling ; from James Hacket, the fum of fifty pounds fterling; from Robert Carlfte, the fum of fifty pounds fterling ; from David Mecumfon, the fum of fifty pounds fterling; from the corporation of horfe breeders of tire county of Down, the ,	fum ef one thoufand nine hundred pounds fterling ; the faid

feveral before mentioned fums, bearing intereft at the rate of five pounds for each one hundred pounds by the year; and the faid former truftees, or a competent number of them, by virtue of the faid powers of the faid two recited afts of Parliament, alfo borrowed from the faid corporation of horfe breeders of the faid county of Down, the Further fum qf ive hundred and fifty pounds fterling; and from David Arrott, the fum of three hundred and forty pounds ftcr-jing, and from the governors of the county of Louth in-jrmary, the fum of one hundred pounds fterling y the (aid three laft mentioned fums, bearing an annual intereft of fix pounds by the hundred; and the faid feveral fums, making, together the principal fum of four thoufand nine hundred and fixty-five pounds fterling, and bearing the yeatly intereft of two hundred and fifty-eight pounds three (hillings fterling; and whereas the faid truftees, or a competent number tof them, in order to fecqrc the re-payment of the principal and intereft of tfte faid money fo borrowed by them $s

aforefaid.

Tbt t*wentj-tbird and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

263

ibrf

iviio

ern diviliun

aforefaid, did in purfuance of the faid ads, by writing	A. D.

under their hands and feals aflign to the feveral lenders of	1783-4.

the faid fums refpedively, the laid tolls fo made payable by Chap. 27. the faid ads ; and whereas it is found expedient to charge each of Ibid divifions of the faid road tirith the payment of a certain afeertained proportion of the yearly intereft of the'

£aid debt: be it therefore enaded by the authority afore*

/aid. That the yearly intereft of the faid feveral fums borrowed as aforefaid, from the lord primate Bolter; Thomas Blair, David Arrott, the governors of the county of Louth infirmary, and the faid two fums of one thoufand nine hundred pounds, and five hundred and fifty pounds borrowed as aforefaid from the faid corporation of horfe breeders of the faid county of Down, Ihalland may, from and after the (

(aid firft day of May next, be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the tolls to arife from the fouthern di-vifion of the faid road, the fame to be paid yearly, and every year during the continuance of this ad by the faid truftees of the faid fouthern divifion, or any five or more of them; and that the yearly intereft of the faid feveral fums , ; borrowed as aforefaid from the faid dodor William Godley, aoaorVWin.0m Mary O’Neil, James Pollock, James Hacket, Robert Carlile, Oodky,

^nd David Mecumfon, (hall from and after the laid firft day

of May next be charged and chargeable upon and payable

out of the tolls to arife from the faid northern divifion of the

laid road, the fame to be paid and payable by the faid truf- paid hy north-

tees, or any five or more of them, dut of the tolls to arife crn diVlfion>

from the faid northern divifion.

X.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, ,^>t f°

(hall extend, or be conftrucd to extend to affed, impair, im-	*ecuri*

peach, invalidate or diminifii all or any of the faid fecuri-

lies, which have been by virtue of the faid former ads or either of them given or granted to the faid feveral creditors of the faid road, and that the appropriation of the faid federal fums hereby made upon the faid refpedivc divifions of the laid road (hall extend only to regulate the application of the tolls of each of the faid divifions by the faid truftees thereof refpedively, but lhall not affed, injure, or impair the original fee unties of the faid creditors or any of them.

XI.	And provided always, That if the tolls to arife from hike remedy either of the faid divifions of the faid road, lhall at any former ^ time hereafter be infulEcient to difeharge the yearly intereft

of the faid fums hereby appropriated upon the faid divifions retpedively, then and in luch cafe the faid creditors, and every of them, lhall have the like remedy for the recovery of the principal and intereft, which lhall or may be then due to, and owing to them refpedively, as they refpedively had by virtue of the faid former ads of Parliament; any

thing

Digitized by v^.ooQle

264	77v twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A TV tninrr hPr^in	fnp	rnnfrQrtr	in	nnu	«m(l

A. D. i7^-4-Chap. 27

C-—'-------

Profits applied in each divifion.

Permitting paflage to avoid toll.

penalty aos. levied by dif-trefs and fale.

No double charge fame day in fame di-vihon.

thing herein contained to the contrary* thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That after payment and discharge of the expences of procuring this ad, and ereding fuch turnpike or turnpikes, and budding fuch toll-houfe or toll-houfes as aforefaid, that then and from thenceforth, the profits arifing, and the toll to be collected at any turnpike or turnpikes now ere&ed, or hereafter to be eredled or fet up on the fouthern divifion of the (aid road, (hall be applied to the payment of the faid feveral debts hereby charged on the faid fouthern divifion of the faid road, and t^ie yearly intereft thereof, and towards the amending and repairing of the faid fouthern divifion of the faid road only, and not elfewhcre, and that the toll to be colle&ed at any turnpike or turnpikes now ere&ed, or hereafter to be creeled or fet up on the northern divifion of the faid road, fhall in manner aforefaij be applied to the payment of the faid feveral debts hereby, charged on the faid northern divifion of the faid road, and the yearly interefy thereof; and towards the amending and repairing of the faid northern divifion of the faid road only, and not elfewhere,

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore -faid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, orbing, renting, or occupying any lands near unto any turnpike now ereded or hereafter to be ere&edin purfuance of this ad, (hall for gain, reward, or otherwife permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paflage, or way with any coach, berlin, calafii, chariot, chaife, chair or frig, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or riding or drawing any horfe, afs or mule, or any fort of cattle to avoid payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and being thereof convi&-ed upon oath before the faid truftees of fuch divifion of the faid road, in which fuch offence or offences fhall happen, or any five or more of them, or before any one or more juftice of juftices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oaths, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending fhall forfeit and pay to the faid truftees of fuch divifion of the faid road in which fuch offence or offences fhall fo happen, the fum of twenty fhillings tterling for every fuch offence, the faspe to be levied by diftref* and Tale of the offenders goods by warrant under the hands and feals of the faid truftees or any five or more of them, or fuch jufticc or juftices of the peace, rendering the overplus to the owner, if any be after payment of the charges of diftraining and keeping fuch diftrefs.

XIV.	Provided always, That by reafon or in consequence of any turnpike now ere&ed, or hereafter to be ere&ed on the fide of either divifion of the faid road, or acrofs any

lane

*Thc twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

265

lane or way leading out of either of the faid divifions of the	A. D.

faid road, the fame (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend	1783-4.

to a double charge, in cafe of palling through any other of Chap. 27. the turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected by vir-tuc of this ad* on the fame dividon of the faid road.

XV.	And provided always. That no gate or gates, turn- No gate

pike or turnpikes (hall hereafter be ere&ed or placed uppn nearer Dundalk the fouthem dividon of the faid road, nearer to the faid	thaB

town of Dundalk than one mile and an half, or nearer to the jjjf c aD faid towp of Newry than one mile and an half.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That 15 trnftcesto the ftfid truftees of the fouthem dividon of the faid road, or appoint officers any fifteen or more of them at their firft meeting, or any ^fif°uthcrn ***’ fucceeding meeting by writing under their hands and feals, VI ° ’

(hall and may appoint a dt perfon to be treafurer of the faid fouthern dividon of the faid road, and alfo one or more dt perfon or perfons colle&or or colle&ors of fuch tolls as (hall be due or payable on or out of the faid fouthern dividon of the faid road, and alfo one dt perfon to be furveyor, to fee the condition of the faid fouthem dividon of the faid road,

. and to fee that the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money to be expended on the repair of the faid fouthern dividon, (hall be duly applied to that purpofe

XVII.	And be it ena&ed, That the faid truftees of the game m| faid northern dividon of the faid road, or any dfteen or more northern divi-of them, at their drft meeting or any fucceeding meeting h°n.

by writing under their hands and feals, (hall and may alfo nominate and appoint a dt perfon to be treafurer of the faid northern dividon of the faid road, and alfo one or more dt and proper perfon or perfons to be collector or collectors of fuch tolls as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this ad on or out of the faid northern dividon of the faid road, and alfo one dt perfon to be furveyor to fee the condition of the faid northern dividon of the faid road, and to fee that the dime be repaired and amended, and that the money to be expended in the repair of the faid northern dividon, (hall be duly applied to that purpofe.

XVIII.	Provided always, That it (hall not be lawful for Same perfon the faid truftees of the faid refpedive divifions of the (aid not appointed road, to appoint the fame perfon to be treafurer, colledor, j? bothdivi-or furveyor of both the faid divifioils, nor (hall any perfon Uon#* appointed to any of the faid offices by the faid truftees of

either of the faid divifions be eligible to be appointed to the fame, or any other office by the faid truftees of either of the faid divifions, end all appointments which (hall or may be made contrary to this ad, (hall, and they are hereby declared to be null and void.

MX. And be it further enaded, That it fltall and mxy /ful for the faid truftees of each refpedive divifion of

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

tG6	Tit	twenty-/Hr Jarid twenty-fourth Ttars of George HI.

A. D. the hud road, or any fifteen oi more of* them, at any £uc-17 83-4. cceding meeting, from time to time, to remove fuch trea-Chap. 27. furer, furveyor, collector or collectors of fuch refpc&ive di--v— / viiioa, as the faid truflcts of fuch divifion fhall fee occa&oa, 1$ tiufletf and appoiut new ones in the place or Head oi fuch diGnified treafurer, furveyor, collector, or collectors.

•thcia.	XX.	And	be	it	further	enaCtcd	by	die authority aforefaid.

Toll# paid to That all and every perfon and perfow who (hall hereafter be treatorcr, See. appointed to receive the faid tolls or duties, (hall, and they are hereby required to pay the fame to the treaGirer of fiich divtfion of the (aid road from or out of which fuch tolls fhall have arifen, to be difpofed of for the purpofes hereby appointed, and that the treafurer and furveyor, and the colic Cior and collectors of each of the faid divifions of the laid road, and all and every fuch other perfon or perfons, who by virtue of this a£t fhall receive or pay any fum or Guns of money ariflng from the toils of the faid road, fhall, when thereto required by the laid truftees of the divifion to which fuch perfon or perfons fhall belong, give into the laid truftecs of fuch divifioa, a juft, true, fiuthful, and honed account upon oath in writing under their refpc&ive hands, of all monies which he or they, and every or any of them, fhall, according to the nature of their employments or offices to fuch time, have received, paid, or difborfed, which oath the faid truftees or any three or more of than, are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, and for coHe&orsto pay which oath no fee or reward fhall be taken, and in cafe any 10 treafurer,	money fb received by fuch colkCtor or collectors, fhall re-

501 b/cfviUjill ms^D ,n k*a or t^c,r or any of their hands, the fame fhall *c. as herein. ’ immediately be paid to the treafurer of the divifion to which fuch collector or collectors fhall belong, to be applied and difpofed of by fuch treafurer in the manner by this ad directed ; and in cafe the collector or colle&ors of the aforc-faid toll or duty, or any of them, fhall not when required by the faid truftees as aforefaid, make fuch account and payment unto the treafurer of their refpcCtive divifions as before directed, that then and in fuch cafe every fuch collector or collectors fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by civil bill to be brought in the name of the treafurer of the divifion to which fuch collector or collectors fhall belong, againft fuch offending collector or collectors, and upon the trial or hearing of fuch civil bill, the entries to be made in the book of the faid truftees, containing fuch orders and reqmfitions as they arc hereby impowered to make upon fuch collc&or and collectors to account, fhall be deemed and taken as final and conclufive evidence of fuch orders and requifitions having bee n made, and as full notice to the party of fuch orders having been made, and fuch penalty, when recovered, fhall be applied in fuch manner aft for **	fuch

The twenty-third and Hpenty-fovrth Yarn 0/ George III.	267

rucli purppfes by the truftees of fuch divifion as arc hereby A. D. directed and appointed of and epacerning the tolls to ariic 1783-4. from fuch divifion.	Chap. *7.

XXI.	And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That

it (hall aqd may be lawful to and for the truftees of each Satiric* to refpe&ive divifion of the (aid rpad, opt of the foils of the °®ceri* laid divitions refpe&ivdy, tp appoint and pay the following fums tp the fevcral perfons to be by them employed in and about the execution of this aft, that if to fay, tor the friary of a treafurer to the fputhern tJiviHop of the (aid road, any fum not exceeding the fum of fifteen pounds yearly, and for the falary of a treafurer tp the northern divifion of the laid road, any fum not exceeding the fum of fifteen pounds fterling yearly, and to fuch furveyor as (hall be employed by the (aid truftees for the fouthern dirifion of the faid road, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence by the day, during fuch time or times as he (hall be employed in or about the repair of the road in the faid divifion, and fo as fuch allowance (hall not exceed the fum of ten pounds yearly, and to fuch furveyor as (hall be employed by the faid truftees for the northern divifion of the faid road* the like fum of one (hilling and fix peace by the day, during fuch time or limes he (hall be employed in pr about the repair of the road in the faid divifion, and fo as fuch allowance (hall not exceed the fum of ten pounds yearly.

XXII.	And bo it enafted, That no perfon hereafter to Rerogirizanca be elefted or appointed treafurer of either divifion of the faid l,rea j “* road, (hall aft as treafurer thereof, until fuch perfon (haft Siis^oL have entered into fecurity by recognizance in the fum of each, die.

five hundred pounds, together with two fufficient (ecurities in the fum of two hundrod and fifty pounds fterling each; each fuch fecuriues to be firft approved of by the majority of the (aid truftees, who (hall have elefted or appointed fuch perfon to be treafurer, and fuch recognizance (hall be taken before a matter extraordinary in the court of chancery, conditioned faithfully and handily to account as often as fuch treafurer (hall be thereunto required by the faid truftees, pr any five or more of them, for all fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be paid to and received by him by virtue or under colour of all or any of the powers of this aft, or of the faid office as treafurer.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Surveyors may faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any furveyor fdfe materials hereafter to be appointed for either divifion of the faid road,

and fuch perfon or perfons as fuch furveyor (hall appoint, to dig, raife, gather, take end cany away any gravel, furze,

(and, (tones, or other materials out of the grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being an orchard, garden, yard, planted walk or walks, or avenue to an houfe, where any

fuch

Digitized by

Google

Annoyance*

removed, on owners neglcd a days aft;er no* tice, 6ec. as herein.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George HI.

fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to cany away fuch and fo much thereof as the faid furvey* ors in their refpeftive.divifipns (hall adjudge neceffary for the repairing and amending the (aid refpe&ive divifions of the faid road, paying foch-rates for fuch materials to the owner or occupiers of the ground from whence the fame (hall be digged, raifed, gathered, and carried away, as the faid truftees for fuch divifion of the faid road, or any five or more of them -(hall adjudge reafonable; and in cafe of any difference between luch owner or occupier and the (aid truf tecs, touching the damages aforefaid, the judges of aflize at the next general affizes and general gaol deliveiy to be holden in the county where fuch materials (hall be digged, raifed, or gathered, and from whence the fame (hall be carried away, may and (hall adjudge, affefs, and finally determine the fame. *

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (haD and may be lawful to and for the furveyor of each of the faid divifi-ons of the faid. road refpe&ively, and fuch perfon or perfons as he (hall appoint, from time to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the road in the laid divifion refpe&ively, by means of filth, dung, a(hes, rubbifh, water-courfes, finks, or drains running into the faid road, and to cleanfe any ditch or water-counes adjoining the faid road, and to cut down, lop or top any trees or bulhes growing or (landing adjoining to the faid road, or in hedges, or in banks adjacent to the faid road, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers negle&fng to cut down fuch trees or bulhes, or to remove fuch annoyances for the fpace of two days after notice in writing given for that purpose, under the hands of five of the laid truftees of fuch divifion wherein fuch annoyance (hall happen to be, and the charges of removing fuch annoyance (hall be reimburfed to the faid furveyor by fuch owners or occupiers negle&ing to cut down the faid trees or bulhes, or to remove foeh other •annoyances as aforefaid; and fuch expences (if refufed to be paid) to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and feals of any five of the truftees of fuch divifion; and if after removal of any fuch annoyances as aforefaid, any perfon or perfons (hall again offend in Ukc kind, every fuch perfoa or perfons fo a fecond or other time offending, and being thereof convi6led upon oath before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay •unto the faid truftees of fuch divifioi, the fum of twenty (hillings fterling, to be levied by d.llrcfs in manner aforefaid.

XXV. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

*The tv&eniy-tbird and twenlyfoUrth Tears of George III.

XXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-	A. D.

laid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fufr-	1783-4*

veyor of each divifion of the faid ^>ad refpe&ively, by order Chap. 27. of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to make,

and caafe* to be made, caufeways, and to cut and make Caufeways,

drains through any ground lying contiguous to the faid

road, and to ere6t arches of brick, timber, or ftone there- M herein*

upon, and alfo to widen any* of the narrow parts of the

faid road in fuch divifion to the breadth of forty two fedt

in the clear, by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid

road, any ground of any perfon or perfons lying contiguous

to faid road, not being an orchard, garden, yard, planted

walk, or avenue to any houfe 5 and alio to caufe ditches or

trenches to be made in fuch places, and in fuch manner, as

fuch furveyor by order of the faid truftees, or any five or

more of them (hall adjudge neceflary for the better amend-,

ing and keeping of the faid road in good repair, making

fuch reasonable fatisfa&ion to the owner or occupier of fuch

ground, which fhall be fo laid in, or unto the faid road

through which any fuch drain or drains (hall be cut, or on

which any fuch arch or arches (hall be made for the damages

which he or they fhall or may thereby fuftain, as fhall be

afleffed and adjudged by the next going judge or judges of

ailize, or by the juftices of the peace, or the major part of

them at the next general aflizes or quarter fefllons to be

holden for the county in which fuch ground fhall be laid in*

to the faid road, and through which any fuch drain or

drains, ditch or ditches fhall be cut or made, or in which

fuch arch or arches fhall be ere&ed, or caufeways made, in

cafe of any differences concerning the fame; and if any ownerneglcA-

owner or occupier of any water-courfe, ditch or ditches ad- ing to lcour,

joining to the faid road, fhall neglect or refufe to fcour or

dean fuch watcr-courfes, and to make fuch ditches fo deep, ^

and in fuch manner as the furveyor fhall adjudge proper and

convenient, after eight days notice fhall be given for that

purpofe by fuch furveyor to fuch owner or owners, it fhall

and may be lawful to and for the furveyor to fet any man

or men to work to fcour or cleanfe, or make the fame, and

by warrant from any five or more of the faid truftees, to

levy the charge thereof upon the perfons goods, or eftate

of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of fuch wa-

ter-conrfes, ditch or ditches, by diftrefs and fale of his,

her, and their goods and chatties, rendering the overplus

(if any be) to the faid owner or occupier, after all charges

paid.

XXVI.	And whereas the faid road, leading from the faid i5trufteesmay town of Dundalk, through the towns of Newry and Lough- as^herc^ * bnckland to Bannbridge, may be confiderably fliortened and

made uuiqh more convenient for travellers, if the fame were

carried

Digitized by L.ooq le

*

*70

73c tfuunij^iird aid twatiy-fiurtb Ycart qf Gcorgt IK.

A. D. I7«3'4-Chap. *7.

carried ftraigbt, or in a marc convenient line, to avoid fteep Mis, where the fame is now crooked 01 hilly: for remedy whereof, and that all juft and reasonable Satisfaction may be given for the land made ufe of 10 making the faid road: be it farther endued by the authority afore faid. That it /ball and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees of the laid refjpe&ive divifions of the faid road, or any fifteen or more of them, to afeertain* aferibe, and fet apart fuch a part and proportion of the land a^oinmg or contiguous to the faid road in each of the faid divisions refpedlirely, fuch land not being an orchard, garden,, yard, planted walk or walks, or avenues to a hottfc, as they the faid truilees, or any fifteen or more oT them, (hall judge neceffary for carrying tlte fame ftraigbt, or in a more convenient line within their refpe&ive divifioos; and the faid truilees, or any fifteen or more of them, in their faid rcfpe&jve divifions, arc hereby further authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the owners* and others interfiled in the faid ground, to be made ufe of in altering and making the faid roads through their refpe&ive diviiions as aforefaid, for their I jecompence and fatisfa&ion to be made for the fame, out of the tolls and duties ariftng by virtue of this *61, as the faid truftees of the faid refjpe&ive diviiions, or any fifteen or snore of them, fliall think fit and reafonable; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall negledl or refufe to treat and agree as afore faid, or through any difability by non-age, mon-rompos, coverture, or fpecial limitation in any Settlement or Settlements, or by reafon of afiy other lawful or natural impediment, cannot, or otherwife howfoever refufe to dif-pofe of their refpe&ive intereft in fuch land as the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, fhall think fit for the /hortentng or making more convenient the faid road in their faid refpeftrve divifions. in every fuch cafe the faid truilees of fuch divifion, or any fifteen or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to iflue forth their warrant or warrants to the Sheriff or fheriffs of the county wherein fuch ground doth lie, to impannel and return before the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, at fuch time and place, within fuch divifion as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a Sufficient jury, who upon their oaths, which oath the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to adminifter, (hall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground to be made ufe of for the faid road; and fuch verdicts or inquifitioos as (hall be fo found and returned by the faid jury, ascertaining the value of fuch ground, Audi be final and conclu-five, as well to the faid truftees of fuch divifion as to the fcvcral and refpe&ive ©waer3 and proprietors of fuch

Digitized by

Google

Th twniy*thirdand twenty-fourth Years •/ Georg* IP. '

J71

ground, notwithftaading any diftbilky or incapacity what- A. D. focter.	17834-

XXVII.	And be it further enft&ad by the authority a* Chap. 27. forefaid, That from and after the laid fcrit day of May neat, it (hall not be lawful for the laid indices of the (kid foot hern Wo fum* bor-divilion of the faid road, nor for the faid tnsftee* of the aftcr faid northern divifion of the (aid road, to borrow or raids ncXt' any further fum or fum« of money whatsoever upon the &« curity of, or by aligning the tolls of the faid refpcfl ire di-Ttfions of the faid road, or either of them, or any part thereof; and if the (kid truftees of the laid tefpc£tivc* oiru (ions, or either of them, (hall after the (hiid hid day of May next, execute, make, or iffue any warrant, debenture, or other fecurity for the purpofe of charging the (aid road, or the faid refpi&ive divisions thereof with any further Ann or fums Of money in addition to the (aid recited Aims which have been heretofore borrowed by the (kid former truftees as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, every (uch warrant, debenture, or other fecurity which Audi or may after the faid Aril day of May next, be made, i fined, or executed by the faid truftees of the faid refpecUre dtrihona of the faid road, or either of them, (hall, and the (kmc is, and an hereby eaaded and declared to be absolutely null and raid, and of no efleft or virtue in law.

XXVIII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contain- Former fecund, (hall extend, or be conflrned to extend, to a£e&, wva»rttie*notravali-Hdate, or impair the fecurities heretofore granted by the dated hereby, truftees under the (kid former a&s of Parliament, or to prevent or obftru& the faid feveral creditors of the (aid road, his, her, or their executors or adminidjatom, by iadotfc-ments or otherwise, on or of fuch orders or receipts as have been heretofore granted by the (kid former truttees of the faid road, transferring or affigning the right and benefit of the fum mentioned in fuch warrant or order, which m-dorfcments or other fifiignments, upon notice to the refpec-tive treafurers of tl»e faid divifions of the (aid road, and entry or memorial thereof made in a book to hr kept by them rcfpfcdUvsly for that purpofe; and which books the faid trealurers refpeftively (hall, without charge, fee, or ra-	1

ward, make accordingly, and (hall on rcqutft of aay one or more truftee or creditor, permit the fame to be viewed at reafonable hours, without fee or reward, (ball in title the fa-dorfee dr affignee^ his or her executors, admimftrators, or afiigns, to the (ole benefit of the fum transferred or aligned ; and that the faid warrants or orders fo granted by the faid former truftees, and every of them, (haU and may m like manner be afiigned or transferred by fuch affignee, hig and her executors or admimftrators, and fo toties quotus ; and that after fuch affignment, it (hall not be in the power

of

Google

Digitized by

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 27.

Tolls applied

due, &c. as herein.

272	The	twenty-third	and	twenty-fourth	Tears cf George IIL

of the perfon or perfons who made fuch aflignment to malro void, releafe, ot difeharge the faid affignment, or the fum thereby transferred or Signed} or ally part therebf, as if this a& had never been made.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-to difeharge in- faid. That the feveral tolls and duties hereby made payable* tereft of Anns (hall be applied and paid to the difeharge of the interefl of the iponey, now due in the manner following, that is to fay, the faid feveral tolls and duties hereby made payable upon and out of the fouthern divifion of the faid road, {hall be applied and paid by the faid truftees thereof, or any fire of them, to the difeharge of the interefl of the faid feveral herein before mentioned Aims of money* which were borrowed as a fore faid fiom the faid lord primate Boulter* Thomas Blair, David Arrot, tte governors of the county of Louth Infirmary, and the corporation of" horfe-breeders of the faid county of Down, their reprefentatives or afligns* and in like manner that the faid feveral tolls and duties hereby made payable upon and out of the northern divifion of the (aid road (hall be applied and paid by the faid truftees thereof* or any five of them, to the difeharge of the in-tereft of the (aid feveral fums of money which were borrowed from the (aid do&or William Godley, Mary O’Neil, James Pollock, James Hacket, Robert Cariifle, and David Mecumfon, their reprefentatives or afligns, and that all the furplus of the faid tolls and duties hereby made payable in the Add refpe&ive divifions over and above what (hall be fuf-ficient to difeharge the faid intereft and repair the Add re-fpedive divifions of the faid road, (hall be applied in difeharge of the principal money now due, that is to fay* when and as often as fuch furplus received by the faid refpe&ive treafurer of either of the faid divifions of the faid road, ftiall amount to the fum of fifty pounds, that then fuch tteafurer (hall from time to time, at the next board of the truftees of fuch divifion in which fuch furplus (hall arife, give notice to the faid truftees of fuch furplus being in his hands, and that the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall within twenty days after they (hall receive fuch notice from the treafiirer as aforefaid, order and dire&, that fuch furplus (hall be applied to the payment of fo much of the faid original debt apportioned as aforefaid upon fuch divifion as fuch furplus (hall extend to, and if any of the faid creditors, or the reprefentatives of the faid creditors, his, her, or their afligns, or the reprefentatives of fueh afligns, (hall after lawful tender being made of any fum or Aims of money by the treafurer of either of the faid divifions of the faid road to fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their reprefentatives or afligns, or the reprefentatives of fuch afligns, in payment of the whole or any part of the principal fum 1	or

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

or Turns which at the time of fuch tender (hall be due and owing to fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their representatives or aifigns, or to the representatives of Such af-figns, refufe or decline to receive the fame, then and in fuch cafe, the interefl of fo much of the principal fum which at the time of fuch tender being made, (hall or may be due to fuch creditor or creditors, his, her, or their representatives or afligns, or the representatives of fuch afiigns, Shall ceafe in proportion to the ioterefl of the fum tendered; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withilanding.

XXX- And be it enaded, That in cafe there (hall be more than one gate or turnpike acrofs or on the fide of the 1“ kmc divifion faid Southern divifion of the Said road, or if there (hall be each day-more than one gate or turnpike acrofs, or on the fide of the faid northern divifion of the faid road, no perfon or perfons having paid the faid toll or duty at the firft gate or turnpike of either of the faid divifions through which fuch perfon or perfons (hall pafs, and producing a note or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket the receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors is and are hereby required to give gratis, (hall be liable to pay any further toll or duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpikes in the fame divifion of the fame road upon the fame day, and no perfon or perfons having occafion to pafs the place or places where the toll or duty is taken in the fam^ division of the faid road, and w’ho (hall return the fame day upon or with the fame horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or gig, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, except cart3 and cars w'ith wheels narrower than three inches, (hall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the faid toll or duty more than once on the fame divifion of the faid road ; but it is the true intent and meaning of this ad, that every perfon (hall pay twice on the fame day, in cafe he Shall travel over more of the faid road than is contained in one of the faid divisions thereof.

XXXI. And for preventing frauds and abufes in the faid Giving or re^ toll or duty: be it further enaded by the authority afore- ceiving ticket faid, That if any perfon or perfons having paid the toll or di^ty by this ad granted and made payable, and having fuch p y note or ticket^ notes or tickets, as are hereby direded, (hall give or difpofe of the fame to any perfon or perfons in order * to avoid payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch perfon	N

giving, dilpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convid-ed upon oath before the faid truftees of the faid divifion of the faid road where fuch fraud (hzjl be committed, or attempted to be committed, or any five or more of them, or .

Vol. VII. ^	S	before

Toll only once

*Nl

“Tlxtwenty-third	ami t-jjcntj-fourlh Yeari	of Georg* III/

a. r>.

17*3-4-Chap. 27.

Truftees may Compound the lull.

i

lixcmptiom bom toil*

before any* one or more juft ice or juft ices of the peace fot the county wherein fuch fraud or frauds fhall be committed, or attempted to be committed, which oath the faid truflces, and the faid juftice or juftices are hereby empowered to adminifter, fhall refpe&ively forfeit and pay the fuav of twenty (hillings, to be levied and recovered by warrant under the hand and fcal of fuch five truftees, juftice'or jufti-ces, and difpofcd of as the other penalties or forfeitures are di reded to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this a:Av

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afordaid, That the faid truftect of the faid refpedive divi-fions of the faid roud, or any five of them, may and are hereby empowered from time to time 3s they fhall fee convenient or tliink fit, to compound or agree by the year or otlierwife, with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through the turnpike or turnpikes now ereded or hereafter to be ereded in either of the faid divifioos of the faid road with any milch cows, horfe, ipare or gelding, afs, or mule, of with any coach, berlin, calafh, chaife, chair, gig, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, for any fum or fums of money, tj be paid quarterly from time to time, after fuch agreement fhall be made.

XXXIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That no perfon fhall be charged with any of the tolls or duties ;; fore faid, who fhall pafs through any of the turnpikes in either cf the faid divilions of the faid road carrying only Hones, gravel, or other materials for repairing the faid road, or any c f the roads in the parifhes wherein the fame do lie, or in any cf the neighbouring parifhes, nbr (boll any perfon or perfono be chargeable with the foid toll or duty for any carts, cr.rs or waggons loaded with corn in the ilraw only, nor for any plough, harrows, or other implements of huf-bandry, in order to the ufing or repairing of the fame in the fevcral parifhes in which the faid road hereby intended to be repaired do lie, nor fhall any toll or duty be demand-ed or taken at any cf fuch turnpikes for any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, or tor any poflrhorfe carrying the mail* or packet, or of fuch horfe as is or fhall be uftd only to ride on by the owner or driver cf the waggon, cart, or carriage; provided fuch horfe pafs through the faid turnpike or turnpikes with fuch v. nggot!, cart or carriage ; nor fhall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horfes of foldiers palling tliat air Uj>qii their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other *tjrriagfrj attending them, or for horfes, waggons, carts* cm s, of other carriages travelling with vagrants font by pafles, or with prisoners tranfmitted from one part of the-iJngdom to another.

XXXIV. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III*

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the toll or duty hereby granted, fhall take place and have continuance from and after the firft day of May, Chap. 27. fa the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, for and during the term of forty-one years. Continued to

XXXV.	Provided neverthelefs, That if at any time be- 1 ft May, 1825. Tore the expiration of the faid teim of forty-one years, either ^0 ceafcJf *>r both divifions of the faid road, and all parts of eithef or

both of the faid divifions of the faid road fhall be fufficient- tor* paid, ly amended and repaired, and fo adjudged by the majority fcf the fiiid truftees of each or either of the faid divifions, then upon and after fuch adjudication made, and repayment of filch money as has been advanced and borrowed from the feid feveral creditors herein before particularly named, with intereft for the fame, and the cofts and charges thereof,

’the faid tolls and duties fhall ceafe and determine 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary not'withftanding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority Timet for aforefaid, That the faid truftees of the faid fouthem divi- meeting of truf-fion of the faid road, or any fifteen or more of them, fhall tcc**

faeet at the faid town of Dundalk, and the faid truftees of ’ the faid northern divifion of the faid road, or any fifteen or moie of them, fhall meet at the faid town of Newry, oh the fecond day of June next; and that it fhall be lawful to and for the fafd truftees of the faid reTpeftive divifions of the faid road-, then to adjourn themfelves, and afterwards meet at any other place or places near the faid highway or Voad within their laid refpeftive divifions; and that the faid truftees or any five or more of them fhall think proper and convenient, as often as it fhall be neceflary for the putting this aft in execution, except in fuch cafes where a greater number is exprefsly required by this aft ; and that the faid truftees of the faid fouthem divifion of the faid road, or any five or more of them, fhall meet at the faid town of Dundalk-, on the firft Monday in the month of April, the firft Monday in the month of May, and the firft Monday in the month of June $ and that the faid truftees of the northern divifion of the faid road, or any fitfe or more of them, fhall meet at the town of Newry on the firft Monday in the month of April, the firft Monday in the month of	^

. May, and at the faid toton of Bannbridge on the firft Monday in the month of June jn every year during the term .aforefaid, for the granting money to amend and repair the faid refpeftive divifions of the fard road, and for the doing any other necefTary bufinefs.

XXXVII.	And be it farther enafted by the authority No mat for aforefaid, That no money fhall be granted at any board of repairs but on truftees of either of the faid divifions for amending or re- affidavit by 2, pairing any part of the foads of eithef of the faid* divifions, &c*

S 2	uokfi

*7 S A* D. 1783-4.

Digitized by

Google

ft# frtatjt for fepnir unlrfb all Inti reft dif-clrarned. orfuffi C:tnt in trcaln-tc r’» hands.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

unkfs it {Hall appear by the affidavit of two credible perfons, that fuch repair is nectffary, which affidavits fhall fpecify the number of perches, the rate of repair by the perch, and that a fmaller fum will not be fuflicient to repair the fame; and no money rtiall be paid by the treafurer of either of the faid divifions, to any oyerfeer, unlefs fuch overfeer fhall picviouffy make oath before three juffices of the peace, or before a board of the laid truftees, which oath the faid truftees, or any five of theitt, and the faid juffices of the peace, or any three of them, are hereby impowered to ad* miniffer, that fuch fum or fums of money hath been faithfully and honeffly expended in amending or repairing fb many perches of the faid road, and for his wages, being fo much by the day ; and that he did attend the faid work diligently tind carefully ; and lhall produce to the faid juffices, or to the faid board an exa& account of the number of men, horfes and cars employed each day at the faid work, and fhall fwear to the truth of the (aid account, and then and not before the faid juffices, or the faid board, (haft give an order to fuch overfeer on the treafurer for the amount of the faid account; and if it fliall happen that there fhaJl not appear upon any meeting which fhall be appointed to be had and held by the faid truftees of the faid fcfpedtive divifion of the faid road, a fuflicient number of truftees to a& at fuch meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the treafurer to the faid truf-tece, by notice m writing to be affixed at their refpe&ive gates or turnpikes on each of the faid divitions of the faid road, at leaft twenty-one days before the next meeting, fliall appoint the faid truftees to meet at the houfe where the meeting of the laid truftees of each of the faid divifions wa* lafl appointed to be had, or at fume other convenient houfe near the faid road ; and that the faid truftees of each of the faid divifions at their firft refpe&ive meeting, and at all re* fpeCtive fubfequent meetings, fhall defray their own charge* and expences.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, That it fhall not be lawful for the faid truftees of either of the faid divifions of the faid , road, to grarrf any fum or fums of money for repairing any part or parts thereof, unlefs all intercll of the fin’d fitveral fums hereby charged and made payable upon the faid divifions refpeciively, Avail have been lirlt paid off and difeharged up to the faid firft day of November preceding fuch grant, or application for fuch grant, unlefs it fhall appear that the treaiurer of fiich divifion of the faid road, as fhall require any repairs, hath in his hands fuflicient money to pay off and dilcharge all fuch intereft up to fuch firft day of November preceding; and if any creditor of the faid road, or their reprefentatives or affigns, or the reprefeatatives of 4	futh

Digitized by v^ooQle

Truflee rot

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

fuch affigns, fhall apply to the treafurer of the divifkm there: t of, hereby charged and made chargeable with the payment of his, her or their interefl money, and demand payment ' thereof when one year’s inteftfl fhall be dye; and if fuch treafurer (hall then have in his hands fuffiejent of the fai<J tolls to pay off and difeharge fuch interefl, and fhall never-thelefs decline or refufe to pay to fuch cieditor, his, her, or their refpeftive reprefentatives or affignt* or tlie affign* of fuch representative, his, her, or their (aid interefl money, then and in fuch cafe fuch perlon fhall not only ceafe to he treafurer to the faid truflees, but it fhall not be law, ful for the faid truflees again to eleft or appoint fuch perfon to the faid office of treafurer, but he fhall and is hereby declared to be incapable of holding, e^ercihug or enjoying fuch office.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by authority aforeftiid, That no perfon or perfons appointed to ho]^ally F,acc by this aft a truflee or trullees for putting this aft in exe- ° C* cution, fhall have or accept of any place or profit ariling out of, or by reafon of the toll or duty by this aft laid or	>

granted, but fuch perfon or perfons fhall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit, of a'1 ing as a truflee.

XL. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- In a,l hft* ’ faid, That if any fuit fhall be commenced againll any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, that &c c 1 * in every fuch cafe the venue in fuch aftion fhajl f>e laid ip one of the-faid counties of Louth, Armagh, or Down, ami not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or aft ions to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give- this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame ayas done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it fhall appear fo to be done, or that fuch aftion or a ft ions l*i brought in any other county, that then.the jury fhnlldind for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch mdift, or if the plaintiff"fhall be nonfuited, or dilcontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on any demurrer, judgment fliall be given againii the pla’ n-; tiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble colls, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other ^afes by Ijnv.	,

XLI. And be it further enafted by .flic authority afore- Fatfe fwearirg (aid, That every perfon who fhall knowingly iwear. any pinlifavd as wtithing which 13 falfe, cither viva j.v^, or in a »v affidavit, or “d perjury, upon any examination in any matter relative to any thing contained in this prefent aft, fh.|ll upon conviction fuller

Digitized

i by Google



2J%	The	twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.

A. D. filch punifhmept as pcrfons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt 1783*4* perjury arc hy the laws of this kingdom fuhjcA to,

XLII. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore-Thiat publick {aid9 That this a£l (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch/ by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

*

CHAP. XXVIII.

Aifidavit by H*vr* printers or publiiheri, given to. (tamp commiifioncrt, or officers of true names, an 4 abode of proprietors or (barer* of profits, and that nb other entitled, as herein.

An A3 to feeure the Liberty of the Prefs% hy preventing th{ Abufts arifeng frem tie Publication of' trait trout, ft Jilt sits, fa)fet andjlunder out Libels by pcrfons unknown.

WHEREAS the liberty of the prefs hath be$n grofly abufea, and may be very mn?h endangered by the; publication of many traiteious, feditjious, falfe, and flan-derous libel*, to the great difturbance of the public peace, and to the injury of many private families a,nd individuals; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the king's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the fords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon whaUoevcr (hall print, or canfe to be printed, publifh, or canfe to be publilhed any newfpapcr, intelligencer, or occurrences, or any paper fervfog thc purpolrs of a newfpapcr, intelligencer, or occurrences, before he, (he, or. they (hall have firft given into the comraiffioners far managing his Majefty's Itamp duties, or their proper officers 11^ the refpc&ive towns and at their refpefitive offices where ftamped paper (hall be diftrijbuted, ah affidavit fetting forth bis, her, or their true name and names, and the true name and names of the proprietor or proprietors of fuch newTpa-per, or other paper ferving the pfurpofes afore fa id, and of dll and every perfon or perfdns receiving or (haring, 'or inti-' tied to receive or (hart the profits thereof, together with the place or places of abode of every fuch printer, publifher, or other perfon as aforefaid; which affidavit or 'affidavits mall be figned and fworn by all and every fuch proprietor and proprietors, printers and pnblifhcrs as aforefaid, and ffiall be depofited with the faid commiffioners or their proper officers in their refpe&ive towns, ani at their refpetiire offices where ftamped paper (hall be diftributed, and (hall, remain with fuch commiffioners or officer as aforefaid, for fafe cuftody, and to be produced as occafion may require, at or before the trial of aU fnch a&ions, fuita or profecutions as (hall be had, or commenced, touching fuch aewfpaper or Ather paper as aforefaid, or any publication therein contained, and the feveral perfons hereby required to figu and fwear

7'he twenty‘third and twenty-fourth Ytart of George'III.	179

luch affidavit or affidavits as aforefaid, being proprietors, of A* D. fuch newfpaper, or other paper as aforefaid, or rcceivingor 1783-4. (haring, or intitled to receive or (hare the profits thereof, Chap. 2$. (hall alfo fet forth therein, that no other perfon, favc the perfon or perfons named therein, is a proprietor of, or has ^ny (hare or profit in, or is intitled to any (hare or profit in fuch newfpaper qr other paper as aforefaid, which affidavit or affidavits, or an affidavit or affidavits of the like import (hall be maoe and given in like manner, fo often as the property in any fuch newfpaper or other paper as aforefaid^

(hall be altered, transferred or changed; and fuch affidavit (hall be received, and admitted in all courts of jufticc, as conclufive evidence of all fuch matters therein as are hereby required to be therein contained, againft all and every the perfon and perfons who (hall have (igned and fwom the fame as afprefaid, upon the trial of any fuch adion, fuit, or pro-f cution as aforefaid.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if penalty on any perfdn or perfons (hall print, or caufe to be printed, omitting foch publiftied, or caufe to be publifhed, any fuch newfpaper or affidavit tool, to other papers as aforefaid, before fuch affidavit or affidavits an ^ ° C* (hall be made and given in manner herein before required,

or in cafer any change, transfer, or alteration (haQ happen, or be made in the property of fuch newfpaper, or other paper, before like affidavit or affidavits, (hall be made and given in as aforefaid, every perfon fo offending, (hall from time to time, for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds (lerling, the fame to be recovered by adlion or information in any of his Maiefty’s courts of record in this kingdom, by any perfon wrno (hall hie for the fame, one moiety thereof to be to the ufc of his Majefty, and the other moiety to t^e perfon fuing for the fame.

III.	And be it declared and ena&ed by the authority Demanding aforefaid, That if any printer, publiflier, or other perfon or receiving, lhall a(k, demand or receive any money or other reward for

printing'or publiftring, or for forbearing to print or publifli pr;afjng * libel any libel, every fuch perfon fo receiving or demanding fuch * mifdcmcanor. money or other reward as aforefaidi and all and ever# perfon who (hall offer or pay, or promife to pay, or fecure dire&ly or indireftly any money, gratuity, or other reward, for printing or publiflring any libel, (hall upon convi&ion, by due courfe of law be deemed and adjudged, guilty of a high mifdemeanour.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That No (lamp* no officer appointed for diftributing (lamped vellum, parch? f°,d (<*■ public ment, or paper in, this kingdom, (h^ll fell or deliver any

(lamped paper for printing any publio news, intelligence, or formedfon for. occurrences, to any perfon until the requifites herein before feiturc of dace, prefcribed in that behalf (hall have been hHl performed, &c-'	upon





T5Tg1Tize?by CjOCK^Ic

28o

A. D.

1783-4. Chap. 28.

Selling new* or papers fo deemed within the (tamp ads, not (lamped thereby, or liand bill, tec. containing libel (unlefit (lamped as newii) hnpri-foacd not abuve tliree month* nor lefs than a week, unlcf* printers name and abode dif-tovered on oath.

Such affidavit

without fee. i .

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

upon pain of forfeiting fuch office as aforefaid; and that every printer, publifher, or perfon receiving, or being inti-tied to receive or (hare the profits of any fuch newfpaper, or other paper, within twenty-four hours as aforefaid, (hall after he, (he, or they (hall transfer his, her, or their (hares or property therein, or any part thereof,' give notice in writing, under his, her, or their hands refpe&ively, of fuch transfer, to the ccmmiffioners for managing his Majeily’s ftamp duties, or their' proper officers, in the refpe&ive towns, and at the refpeclive offices where fuch (lamps are diftributed, under a penalty of two hundred pounds, to be fued for, recovered, and applied jn the manner herein before dirc&ed.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expofe to fale, any newfpaper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed or confli tied to be^ a newfpaper, wfithin the intent or meaning of any of the ads of parliament relating to the (lamp duties now in force, or hereafter to be enaded, not being (lamped or marked as in the faid ads is or (hall be direded and appointed, or (hall fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expofe to fale, any hand bill, paragraph, advertifement, qr other paper containing any libel, unlefs fuch hand-bill, paragraph, advertifement, or other paper, (hall have been duly (lamped as a newfpaper, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace to commit every fuch offender, being thereof convicted before him, by his or her confefiion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or upon the view of fuch juftice, to any common gaol within his jurifdidion for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one week, unlefs the perfon or perfons fo apprehended, (hall difeover upon oath the name and place of abode of the printer or printers by whom fuch hand-bill, paragraph, advertifement, or other paper (hall have been printed, publifh-ed, or (old ; arid it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to feize, appiehend, and carry before any juftice of the peace of the county, city, or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, any fuch perfon fo offending as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Th*t it (hall be lawful for any of the commiffidners of (lamp duties, or for fuch other officer or officers by them appointed for the diftrjbution of (lamped paper as aforefaid to take fuch affidavit and kffedavits as aforefaid, which affidavit or affidavits (hall be fo made and taken without fee or reward'; and if any perfon (hall wilfully fwear any fuch affidavit or affidavits, and that the famt, or any part thereof, (hall contain a falfehood, every fuch perfon fo fwearing any fuch affidavit or affidavits, containing fuch f&lftliOod, (hall upoji

Ujc

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	281

*

due conviction of fuch offence, incur and fuffer fuch penal- A. D. ties, forfeitures, and difabilities, as perfons convifted of wil- 1783-4, ful and corrupt perjury are by law liable and fubjeCt to.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Conuucnre this aCt, and the feveral provifions therein contained, (hall Junc» *784*. commence and be in force from the full day of June, one . thoufand feven hundred and eighty -four.

CHAP. XXIX.

An A SI for continuing and amending federal Laws relating to His Majefty's Revenue, andfor the more *ffeSiuuly prevent-ing of Frauds therein.

WHEREAS the commiflioners appointed for hear- Amended in{r and determining appeals from judgments of the * c* *** chief commiflioners and fub-commiflioners of excife, are by law obliged to be fworn into office before the lord chief baron of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer, which frequently, on account of his neceffory abfence upon circuit, or other-wife, proves inconvenient 5 be it therefore eua&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this preient Parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this a£t, it lhail and may be lawful to and for the chancellor of the faid court, or one of the barons thereof, or to and for the lord chancellor of Ireland, or the keeper of the great feal thereof for the time being, to adminiller the faid oath of oflice to the perfon or perfons from time to time to be appointed a commiffioner or commiflioners of appeals, and they are hereby impowered and required to adminiiler fuch oath ; and that fuch perfon or perfons who (hull be fo fworn before the fatd chancellor of the Exchequer, or one of the barons thereof, or before the faid lord ,chanceilor 01** keeper of the great feal, are hereby declared to be as effectually admitted into his of their office or offices of commiffioner or commif-fioners of appeals, and (hull take upon him or them the execution thereof, in the fame manner as if he or they had been fworn before the lord chief baron of the faid court of Exchequer; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	And whereas by an a& made and paffed in this king- The oath dom in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Ma- ^ 35 G. 2: c-jelly King George the fecond, entitled, An aft fr the better ^in^red ?y Regulating the collection of his iv'ajtffs revenue, and for fire- the attending veriling offrauds therein ; a) id for repealing an act made thelnjl ekrfe, or one f’ifon of Parliament, entitled, An ad for conthn'orr and amend-ingftvfral laws heretofore made relating to his Mayfly's revc* hyU giil r

nue9 oi rdzurcs.



I



A. f>.

1783-4, Qliap. 29.

*Tbe twenty-third wtd twenty-fourth Tacts of George 1H.

nue> and for tlx more effectually preventing frauds in his Ma-jfly's cujloms and excife, and the feveral acts andJiatutet which are mentioned in the faid att, and continued thereby, it is among other things eqa&ed, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtyt the fub-commiffioners, nolle dors of excife, and other per-fons thal may be authorized and appointed by virtue of the faid ad, to hear and determine fuch matters of complaint ?s are therein mentioned, fhall (if thereto required by the party or parties ogainll whom an information is or fhall be bad as therein mentioned,) take an oath that he is not interdlcd or concerned diredly or indiredly, in the matter or complaint then depending before them, and that he it not to gain or lofe thereby on any accourvt Mfhatfocverj which oath the clerk or rCgifler of the feiziires and forfeitures in the particular diilrid, is thereby authorized and required to aJiniaiiter ; and if fuch fub-cujnmiffioner or fub-com minion era, coliedor or collectors of excife, or any other perfon or perfons to be appointed, as in and by the faid ad to direded, /hall refufe to take the faid oaths, fuch fub-. commiflioner or fub-commiflioners, coliedor or colledors, or fuch peifon or perfons as may be fo authorized, is or are by the faid ad dilqualitied and rendered incapabl^to heart determine, or give judgment upon the matter then depend^ ing before them, and contained in fuch information; ar>4 alf proceedings to be had before them, after fuch refufid^ fhall be null and void; and whereas a doubt has arifen, whether there is any fuch officer as clerk or reader of fei-zures and forfeitures in any of the diftrida in this kingdom, fave the didrid of Dublin, by means whereof difficulties occur in cafes where fub-qOmmiffioners are required to take the (aid recited oath : for vcmedy whereof, be it enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fuch oath (when required) if admiaiflerqd to the fub qomraiffioners authorized and appointed to hear and determine the matter of complaint mentioned in the information or informations then before them, by the clerk or other perfon who fhall attend the faid fub-conamiffioners on any trial before them, for the purpofe of taking down the depofitions of witneffes at fuch trial, or by any one of the fame fub-commiffioners, whether fuch fub-commiflioner fhaH have taken the faid oath1 prcvioufly or not, /hall be good and effcdual to, all intents and purpofes ; and that fuch fub^ommiffioners, who fhall fot take the oath in the faid recited ad mentioned, fhall and may hear, determine, and give judgment upon the xnatteT then depending before them, in the fame manner as if th< faid oath had been adminiftered to them by the clerk or re^ giiler of feizures and forfeitures in the didrid in which they ^re fub-commiffioners*

1	^1,	An*







Digitized by

Google



•The iaventy4bhi(f and twentyfourtb Tears of George III.



III.	And whereas by an ad made and paffrd in this king-	A. D.

dom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of	1783-4.

King Charles the fecond, entitled. An ad for fritting the Chap. 20. fukfidy of poundage y and granting a fubfidy if tonnagey and	mJf

ptfjcr fums of money unto bis royal MnjeJlyy bis heirs and fuccef The a& forty the fame to be paid upon merchandizes imported and export- *4 & 15 C. a. fe. ed into or out of this kingdom of Ireland, according to a book **'4’ ^ of rates hereunto annexed, it is amongft other things enafted.

That if any goods or merchandizes aforefaid, or of any merchant being bom denizen of this realm of Ireland, or any other his faid fdajefty’s dominions, hath been, or at anytime hereafter (hall be taken by any enemies or pirates upon the fea, or periih in any (hip or (hips that (hall happen to be taken or petifiied, whereof the fubfidies and other duties are or (hall be duly paid or agreed for, and that duly proved before the lord treafurer of Ireland, or the chief baron of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer for the time being, by the examination of the fame merchants, if they be alive, or of their executors or adminiftrators, ifthey be dead, or by twq predible witnefles at the lead fworn, or other reasonable witnefe, and propf fworn, then the fame merchant or merchants, his or their executors or adminiftrators, (hall and play newly: fhip in the fame port where the goods and merchandizes aforefaid were or (hall be cudomed, fo much other goods and merchandizes as the fame goods and merchandizes fo loft as aforefaid (hall amount unto in cuftom, without paying of any thing for the fame, fo as the fame proof be recorded and allowed of in ^he court of Exche<» quer, and certified pnto the colleftor of the cuftoms of the port where the fame goods and merchandizes are to be newly (hipped without cuftom as aforefaid ; and whereas by reafon the proof by the (aid recited aft required, being thereby appointed to be made before the lord treafurer of Ireland, or the chief baron of the Exchequer* in the manlier directed by the faid aft, great inconveniehcies arife to merchants entitled to the benefit of the faid recited aft ; for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if the proof required by the faid recited aft, (hall be made before any of the barons of the faid court of Exchequer, or before any going judge of affizt Upon his ‘circuit in this kingdom, who are refpeftively hereby direfted and impowered to receive fuch proof, that then and in fach cafe, the perfon or perfons fo making, or cau-fing fuch proof to be made, and who (hall perform all the other requifites by the faid recited aft direfted, (hall be in-titled to the benefit intended by the faid aft, as fully and effectually as if fiich proof had been made before the lord treafurer of Ireland, or chief baron of the Exchequer ; any law or iatwc is the cmttzxy aetwithftaadbg.

IV.	And

♦

*Thc twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George Ilf.

IV.	And whereas it frequently happens, That when fhips or veffels are condemned for fmuggling, or other’ breaches of the law, mariners who either have, 6r pretend-to ha/e ferved on board Inch fhips or vefTels, make demands again!! fucli fhips or vefTels for wages, to the great injury of the crown, and prejudice of the informers and fei-zing officers: for remedy whereof, and in order to difeou-rage the pernicious prat!ice of fmuggling, be it ena&ed by, the authority afoiefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, when any fhip or veffel fhall be condemned by virtue of any law or laws relating to the revenue of this kingdom, fuch fhip or veffel fhall be freed and difeharged from all claims and demands whatsoever, for wages claimed by mariners for having ferved on board fuch fhip or veffel; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith(landing.

V.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid,

.	.. That from and after the faid tvfrenty-foiirth day of June,

un er og ons» one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, if any brandy, rum, or other fpirits in cafks, bottles, jars, or vefTels or packages what foe ver, under fifty gallons gauge, (fave and except as herein, except fpirits of vitriol, or other fpirits ufed in the linen maoufadure, and cordial watcis,) or any teas in any package whatfoever, (except fuch teas as fhall be directly brought from Great Britain, and proved to have been exported from thence,) or any tobacco in any package containing lefs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, fhall be imported in any fhip, vefTel, or boat, into any bay, portf harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or if any fhip, veffel, or boat fhall he found at anchor, or lying to, or hovering within three leagues of the fhore of this king* dom, or fhall be difeovered fo to have been, although fuch commodities, cr any of them as aforefaid, fhall not be found on board fuch fhip, veffel, or boat, upon proof made that fuch commodities, or any of them, have been landed from on hoard fuch fhip or veffel in any part of this kingdom, eve y fuch fhip, veffel or boat, with all their guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, fhall be forfeited, over and above any other penalty or forfeiture for the faid offence, by any law now of force in this kingdom, (fave only and except in cafe of unavoidable neCeffity ami diftrefs,) of which neceffity and diftrefs, the mailer, purler, or perfon, having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, fhall, immediately after the arriT val of fuch fhip, veffel or boat into any bay, .port, harbour, haven, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice and make proof thereof, before the colic dor or other chief officer of the revenue, relident at the nearefl %	port where fucli fhip, veffel, or boat fhall arrive: proyidtuf

neverthelefs^

From 24th June 1784, no claim for wages on fhips condemned.

Brandy, 8cc. in packages.

The twenty-third and tnxknty-fourth Tears of George lU.

heverthelefs, That it (hall be lawful to have fo much tea* brandy, rum, or other fpirits for the uf<? of thji (eamcn then belonging to, and on board fuch (hip or veflel, as (hall not exeted in quantity more than two gallons of fpirits for each Teaman, nor more than one pound of tea for each fcaman.

VI.	And in order to prevent frauds being committed by not fending permits with excifeable goods into the inland parts of this kingdom: be it ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, all wines in calks, brandy and other foreign fpirits in veflels containing more than four gallons, tobacco above the weight of four tobacco abovs pounds, fugar exceeding in weight fifty-fix pounds, (ilks in

whole pieces, and Eaft India goods imported into this king- India goods,and

dom, other than, and except fpiceries of all forts, and ex- tea not above

cept tea, not exceeding the weight of two pounds, that (hall feized, un-

be carried and conveyed to the inland parts thereof, (hall be icfi a Pcrmic

liable to be ieized by any of the officers of his Majdly’s

revenue, and (hall be deemed and taken to be run goods, and

forfeited as fuch, unlefs the carrier, or perfon that conveys

the fame, (hall a&ually produce a permit or let-pafs, given

by the proper officer of the revenue, for the carriage of the

laid goods, if demanded or required fo to do by any of the

faid officers.

VII.	Provided always, That on oath made by the car- On oath by rier of the lofs of fuch permit, and by the merchant, before carrier, 5cc. as the commiffioners or fub-commiffioners of excife, in their nerem* refpedlive diftridis, that fuch permit was not taken out or

made life of to his knowledge or belief, fraudulently to cover or prote£l any other goods, but was taken out for the particular goods fo feized, that in fuch cafe the entry of luch permit in the books of the proper officer, or a copy thereof duly attefled, (hall be evidence of fuch permit being taken out, as if the faid permit had been produced at the time of fuch feizure.

VIII.	And the better to prevent the clandeftine import- Spirits of ro-ing and landing of foreign brandy, rum, (trong waters or Ionics imported, other fpirits, in fmall veflels which hover upon the coails of &c‘ as cr€Ul* this kingdom: be it further enacted by the authority afore-

faid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June,

one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, if any rum or

fpirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the Bri-

ti(h colonies or plantations in America, (hall be imported or	'

brought into this kingdom, either from the faid colonies or

plantations, or from Great Britain, in any (hip or veflel

whatfoever, under the burthen of feventy funs; or if any

foreign brandy, ilrong waters, or other fpirits, (hall, from

ind after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand

feven

Wine, &c.

A. D-

* 7*3-4* Chap. 29.

72* twenty-third dHd twenty fqurith Years of George III.

feven hundred and eighty-four, be imported or brought from any othep port or place whatfoever, in foreign parts, into the faid kingdom of Ireland, in any ffiip dr vcffel under the burthen of one hundred tons, except only a quantity for the life of the feamen then belonging to, and on board fuch (hips or vetfcls relj^eftiveljr, not exceeding two gallons for each of fuch feamen, every fuch fhip or ttfTef, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and alfo iH fuch brandy, rlim, ftrong waters, or other fpirits, (hall in each and every fuch cafe, be forfeited, and (hall and maj1 be feized by any officer or officers of his Mijefty’s revenue in this kingdom.

IX.	And whereas by an aft paffed in the twenty-firft and twenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled/ A* a8 for continuing arid amending fevered laws relating to his MajeRy's revenue, and for the mqre effectually preventing of frauds therein, and fori fuch other purpufes as are therein men-Honed, it is enafted, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand Seven hundred and eighty-two* any unlicenfed diftfiler, or retailer of, or dealer in fpirits for fide, in whofe cuftody fhall be found, any quantity of fpirits exceeding four gallons, except fpirit:, for which a permit fhall be produced, or any wafh, pot ale, low wines, or finglings, fhall be deemed to all intents and purpofes a per-foil concealing the fartie, and fhall be fubjed to the penalties to which diftillers are liable for conceding fpirits, po£ ale, low wines, finglings, or wafh, or for making ufe of private veffels for tne purpofe of making aqua viiri, fpirits or ftrong waters: and whereas doubts have arifen, whether Unlicenfed retailers of, and dealers in fuch fpirits are not the only perfons fubieft to fuch penalties: wherefore, for preventing of fuch doubts, be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That every fuch unlicenfed diftiller, and etery retailer of, or dealer in fpirits for fale, in whofe cuftody fhall be on whom found found any quantity of fpirits exceeding four gallons, except prwalh ^Lc*1** ^P^ts wbich a permit fhall be produced, or any warn, except permit pot low wines, or finglings, fhall be deemed to all in-produced, deem- tents and purpofes, a perfon concealing the fame, and fhall cd a concealer. j,e fubjeft to the penalties to which dill filers are liable for concealing fpirits, pot ale, low wines, finglings, or walk, or for making ufe of private veffels for the purpofe of making aqua vita, fpirits or ftrong waters, iver head or	^nd	w^tcrea8	beads	of	Hills,	of worms of ftills, found

wofm,unlefs In ^ poffeffioft of perfons not liccnfcd to diftill, are not by foundat herein, the law now in force, fubjeft to forfeiture, unlefs a ftifl or A	ftfifo be found at the fame time in the poffeffion of fuch per-

fons, nor are fuch perfons fubjeft to any penalty, on account of having fuch heads or worms in their poffeffion, whereby

Unlicenfed diftiller*, 5cc

feized and forfeited, penalty sol.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

frauds have been committed on his Majefty’s revenue; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufandieven hundred and eighty-four, every head of a ftill, and worm of a (till, which lhall be found or difeovered, {hall be feized and forfeited, unlefs the fame (hall be found in the pofieffion of a biazier or braziers, who (hall have licenfe to make the fame, or unlefs a licenfe for keeping a ftill or ftills, to which fuch head or heads, worm or worms, {hall belong or appertain, fhall be produced at the time of finding the fame; and all and every perfon or perfons who (hall have in his or her, or their cuftody, fuch head or heads, or worm or worms, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for each and every head or worm which {hall be fo found as afore-laid.

XI.	And whereas it has often happened, that in affifting revenue officers, conftables having begun to do their duty in their own diftrift, have frequently in the progrefs of fuch duty been led into a different diilrid, and have continued in another diftridf the affiftance which has begun in their own : be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every con-ftable who has a&ed, or lhall ad as aforefaid, {hall be con-fidered as having aded within his own particular diftrid.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no duty whatfoever lhall he paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, on any fire clay, or fand imported hereafter into this kingdom.

XIII.	And whereas the Laws in being, have not proved effcdual for the fuppreffing and preventing crf^liftilling fpi-rits clandcftinely: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any ftill, black pot, or alembick, not licenfed purfuant to law, {hall be feized in the county of the city of Dublin, or in other counties of cities, or counties of towns, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or in any county of this kingdom, by virtue of any law, a fum of twenty pounds for each and every fuch unlieenfed ftill, black pot, or alembick, as lhall be fo feized, if feized in the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto belonging, or county of Dublin, lhall be given, one moiety to the trea-furer of the houfe of induftry, for the ufe of the faid houfe, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who lhall inform of, and feize the fame; and if feized in any other part of this kingdom, one moiety thereof lhall be given to the treafurer of the publick infirmary or hofpital for the county in which the fame lhall be feized, for the ufe of the faid infirmary or hofpital, and the* other moiety to the perfon or perfons who lhall inform of, and feize the fame; fo that filch ftills, black pots, or alembicks lhall have been condemned by the chief commiffioners and governors of his Ma-

jefty’s

Digitized by

mm

Google

2*7

A. D*

I 783-4*

Chap. ^9*

Conflahles led into a different diftria, confi-dered a* acting in their own.

No duty on fire clay or fand imported.

sol. given for eveiy unlieenfed ftill, &c. feized, as herein.

Th. twenty-third and tweuiy •fourth Year* of George III;

jetty’s revenue of excife, if feized within the jurifdidlion of the excife office in Dublin, or if feized in other parts of this kingdom, by the fub-commiffioners of the dulrid in which fuch ftills, black pots, or alembicks (hall be refpeflivcly feized, the fame to be raifed by prefenlmcnt of the grand jury, at the afiizes of fuch county of a city, county of a town, or county at large, in which fuch dills, black pots, or alembicks (hall be feized, or at the quarter feffions of the county of the city of Dublin, or Cqunty of Dublin, respectively, if fuch ditto, black pots, or alembicks be feized there; and fuch money (hall be raifed out of the parifh in fuch county of a city, or county of a town, or county at large in which ftills, black pots, or alembicks (hall be feized; the faid money fo to be raifed, to be applotted and levied by the fame means as other publick money is to be i aifed, applotted, and levied.

«XIV'. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That granted on com- the faid grand juries be, and they are hereby refpe&ivrly miCGoncrs eerd- authorized and required to prefent the faid money in manner condemned "^ aforefaid, upon a certificate figned by the faid chief com-figned, proved m»ffioners, or fub-commiffioners refpe&ively, by whom fuch by affidavit, &c. ftills, black pots, or alembicks, (hall be refpedlively condemned, of the figning of which by the faid chief commit-fioners or fub-commiffioners, proof (hall be made by affidavit, before one of the judges of affizc, or juft ices of the faid quarter feffions; fuch certificate fetting forth the particular town, or county, and parifh where fuch ftills, black pots, or alembicks were refpe&ivdy feized, and the name or names of fuch perfon or perfons who informed, of and feized the fame, and that fuch ftills, black pots, or alembicks have been condemned by them refpe&ively, purfuant to law; which ptefentments (hall he confirmed by the judges of affizc, and if in the county of the city of Dublin or county of Dublin, by the juftices of the peace at the quarter feffions for the fame refpc&ively.

Woollen ma- XV'. And whereas frauds have been frequently committed mifaaure* how- on the revenue, by entering feveral fpccics of manufactures, «vcr denomi- under the defeription o/ new drapery, which ought to be dra^cr^ cntcrc<l as old drapery: for remedy whereof, be it enacted p	by the authority aforefaid, That all manufactures made of

wool, which are milled in the tuck mill, or other machine, whether twitted or plain, as coatings, caffimcrs, kerfeys, druggits, germ an ferges, ratteens, and fuch like, by whatever particular name now denominated or hereafter to be denominated, (hall fall under the defeription of, and pay duty as old drapery; any thing contained in this or any former a& to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* Tha an a & made in the twenty-firft and twenty-fe-

coud



The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yean of George III.	.	*$9

cond years of his Majefty's reign, entitled, An aB for con•	A. D.

turning and amending feveral laws relating to his Majcfly's re-	1783-4.

xenue, and for the more ejfeBually preventing of frauds therein, and for fuch other purpofes as are therein mentioned\ This aft, &c. and all and fmgular the ads therein recited,'and thereby rontinued innu-intended to be continued, and all and every the claufes there-	al”*'

in refpedively contained, except fuch parts thereof as are tered’by 27 G# altered, repealed, or amended by this prefent ad, or by any 3. c. 26. of the faid ads fo recited, and intended to be continued,

(hall continue and be in force for the fpace of one year, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer.

XVI . And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- Penalties, not faid, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures otherwife provided by this ad, or by the faidfeveial ads of Parliament ^^°]7ed a*s^ hereby continued, or by any of them, other than and ex- ,4* c. a* cept fuch as by this ad, or by any of the faid ads of Par- c. 8. liament fo hereby continued, are otherwife provided for,

(hall and may be fued for, recovered, levied and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are prescribed, direded, and appointed in and by an ad of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An aB for the fettling of the excife or new impo/l upon his Majejly, bis heirs and fuccejfors, according to the book of rates therein tnferted, as fully and effedually to all iutents, conftrudions and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, and exprefTed, and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrie ved or injured, as in and by the faid ad of excife is provided;

CHAP. XXXI.

An AB for continuing and amending an A Cl paffed in the Amended Twenty-fecond t ear of His prefent Majejly*s Reign, entitled, 30 G. 3. c. 154 An ACt for the Improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and con venient PaJJ'agcs through the fame, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, aud for other Pur-pofes.

WHEREAS it is neceflary for carrying the pur- From 24 Mar.

pofes of the faid ad into effedual execution, that 1788,1025 the duty upon coals thereby granted to his Majefty, his ^Yddkional* heirs and fuccefiors, (hould be continued for a further time:	Qf	I8

be it enaded by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and ton on coals, at with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tem- herein*.

Vol. VIL	T	pohd.

Digitized by

Googjc...

* The twenty iblrd anef twenty fourth Tears of George III.

£oral, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority pf the fame, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of March, one thonfand feven hundred and eighty-eight, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred and ten in-ehifive, nod no longer, there (hall be granted, raifed, levied, cofledted and paid unto hts Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, a net additional duty of one (hilling for and upon every ton of coals, not being the produce of this kingdom, which fhaU be imported or brought into the harbour of Dublin goring the time aforefajd, and fo in proportion for any greater or kfs quantity, over and above all other duties payable for the fame; the faid net additional duty to be railed, levied,

^tolled as b 21 & aPP^ec* ,n	an<l	by fuch ways and means

hsG. %. L 17. ancl f°r fuch purpofes, and with fach exemptions, limitations and rffti i&ions, and fuhjeft to fuch account as is enabled or provided by the faid ad, for or concerning the duty of one milling a ton impoftd therein upon coals imported into the faid harbour.

Nine eomm'f- II. And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful

firmer* may bor- for the commiflioners in the faid ad mentioned, or any nine

row at 61. per or morc 0f them, and they are hereby empowered to bor-ccnt. as herein.	A «	..	J	*	j r

row at mterelt not exceeding fix pounds per centum per uit-

fiu?n, from time to time upon the credit of the faid duty Smpofed by the faid ad, and of the duty hereby granted or of either of them, fuch fum or fums of money as they (hall judge ncceffary for carrying the purpofes of the faid ad into execution, and to iflue debentures payable out of the produce of the faid duties at the times to be named, fuch debentures carrying fuch intereft as aforefaid, or to mortgage or demife the faid duties, or a fuflicient part thereof, as a fecurity for any fum or fqms which (hall be borrowed by them purfuant to this ad.

On one month* HI* And be it enaded. That in every cafe, where the notice oi a new prefent pofltflor or poffcflors, and the inheritor or inheritor* (beet, a jury to of the ground neceflary for making a new ftreet, whether f^iu'hercit1 ^ucb pofltflor or poflefTors, inheritor or inheritors, (hall be individuals, or bodies politick or corporate, are ready or de-firous to open the fame, but he, (he, or they is or are prevented by the interference of a term or terms of years between the term or terms under which the poffeflion is held, and th$ faid inheritor and inheritors, and the faid commif-fioners or any nine -or more of them, (hall deem it .expedient to make and open fuch new ftreet, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, firft giving one month’s notice to the parties of their determination of making or opening fuch new ftreet, to impannel a jury for valuing the intereft or tnterefts of the faid termor or termors in their faid tCim or terms; and the faid jurv or juries (ball value the faid

Tmtfal and ip-

The twMy^Uht **i t&ertQ fntrih Than y George I1L

term or tcrmiy and fuch valuation (hall be final and con- A* D* clufive.	1783-4.

IV.	Provided always and be it ena&ed, That the con- * Chap. 31.

fent of the inheritor, and of the perfons in poficfiion of the	f

dud ground, or of fuch parta of the feme as (hall be wanted Confent of m7 for fuch new ftreet or ftreets as aforefaid, (hall be firft had

and obtained, and (hall be proved before the feid jury or ji*» lies.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That the commiffioners Like powers aforefaid, or any nine of them, or their fuccciTors, fhall tocommiffiejaa have, exercife and enjoy all fuch powers and authorities for *• herein.

the purpofes aforefaid, as folly and effc&ually to all intents and purpofes as they now by law exercife and enjoy for the making, widening, or rendering convenient any way, fireet or paflage within the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, or the liberties adjoining thereto, for which any fum pr Aims of money hath or have been granted by Parliament, or otherwife, to fuch commiffioners, or their fucceffors, any law, flat ate, or ufage to the contrary nctaitk-ftanding.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the 400I. for gts^p feid commiffioners, or any nine or more of them, to pay as houfeinMaryV a compenfation to the proprietors of the glafs houfe in lane, if pulled Mary’s-larie, any fum not exceeding the fum of four hundred down* pounds out of the produce of the faid duties, in cafe the

feme (hall be pulled down by their orders.

VII.	And whereas it may be neediary for the greater On application convenience of the linen-hall in the city of Dublin, and the •/ 5 truftees of fecuring the fight of tlic windows on the northern fide oflinen manufic* the new buildings there, that the truftees of the linen ma- turc* nufc&ure (hould be enabled to purchafe a certain quantity of

ground on the north fide thereof: be it ena&ed, That upon ground on application made to the faid commiffioners by any five or north of linen-more of the faid truftees, Under their hands, the feid com- hall valued, fee. tniffiooers (hall proceed to value fuch fpace of ground on the north fide of the ground which the faid truftees at prefent hold at the faid linen-hall, as (hall be fpecified in fuch application, not exceeding in width from fouth to north two hundred and fifty feet; and the faid commiffioners (hall in fuch valuation proceed in like manner, and (hall have and exercife, and are hereby vefted for that purpofe, with all and every the powers vefted in them by law for opening any new ftreet,	'

or mdening any old ftreet in the (aid city; and upon filch valuation being made, and the amount thereof paid to, or depofited with the faid commiffioners by the (aid truftees, for the ufe of the perfon or perfons interefted; and upon all the expences attending fuch valuation being paid aad latisfied by the faid* truftees, which feveral fums the faid truftees are hereby authorised *0 pay out of the funds granted to them T 2	by

On report of

cAnim:!Vioncrt

not artcmling, flier }>la c vacant, 6c c.

Dirc^or* of toal yard* may buy at 17s. tec.

Si & 22

©. c. 17. f*vc a» altered, See.

Prifoners lgainft whom j no bill found or acquitted. Sec. enlarged Without fees.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yean of George III.

by parliament, the faid commiflioners fhall caufe proper coir veyances of the ground fo valued to be made to the (aid truflees, or to fuch perfon as they (hall appoint to be held by him for their ufe*

VIII.	And for the better attendance of the faid commif-fioners: be it cnaded, That at every meeting of the faid commiflioners, the fecretary or perfon acting as fuch, fhall enter down in the journal of their proceedings the name of every truflee attending at filch meeting, and the fecretary or other perfon acting as fuch, fhali regularly, and without delay, report to the faid commiflioners the name of every com-miflioner who has omitted for the fpace of fix months to attend at any one fuch meeting, and the place of every commif-fioncr who fhall have omitted to attend as aforefaid, is hereby declared to be vacant, and a new commiflioner fhall be appointed in his (lead in like manner a3 is piovided by law for the appointment of a commiflioner in the room of any commiflioner who fhall die or refign his place.

IX.	* An3 be it enaded, That the diredors of the publick coal yards in the faid city may buy coals, when at the price of feventeen fhillings, or under, and that they may fell out the fame purfuant to* the laws enaded for that purpofe, without referving the profit of one fhilling a ton, as is dire&ed by the laws, or any of them, if the fame fhall, have been bought bp them at a higher price than fixteen fhillings a ton.

X.	And be it enaded, That the faid ad, except where it is hereby altered or amended, fhall continue and be in force until the twenty fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thoufand tight hundred and ten.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An for the Rtlief of Pc if oners charged with Felony, or other Crimes, who Jhall be acquitted or difeharged by Pro• ‘clam at ion resetting their Fees,'and giving a Recompenct Jff fuch Fees.

TT7 HEREAS perfons in cuftody for felonies, or other VV crimes, or on fufpicion thereof, or as acccffaric* thereto, though no bills of indidment are found agaicil them, or though they are acquitted on their trials, are never-thelefB frequently detained for certain fees to the fheriffs, gaolers, or keepers of prifons, in vvhofe cuftody they happen to be, and for fees to the clerks of the crown, and of the peace, his, or their deputies : for remedy whereof, be it en-aded by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lord* fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflemblea, and by the authority of the fame, That every prifouer who now is, or V-	hereafter

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III,

Weafter (hall be charged with any crime or offence whatfo* ever, before any court holding criminal jurifdiclion in this kingdom, againfl whom no bill of indidttnent (hall be found by the grand jury, or who on hj$ or her trial (hall be acquitted, or whpihall be difcharged by proclamation for want of profecution, (hall be immediately fet at large in open court, without the payment of any fee or fum of money to or for the ufe of any pcrfon whatfoever.

II. An<J be it further ena&ed by the authority afovefaid, That all perfons who. have been heretofore charged with

Or heretofore

harmed and no

any crime or offence whatfoever before any court holding^uicteTb mo-criminal jorildidion in this kingdom, againit whqmnobill ciamitioin of indidmeht has been found, or who on their trial have been acquitted, or have been difcharged by proclamation for want of profecution, and are now confined in any gaol in this kingdom for payment only of any fuch fee or fum of mo-* ncy as aforefaid, (hall be difcharged and fet at liberty.

Ill	Provided aliyays, That nothing in this ad contained Not to pre^

(hall be conflrued to extend to prevent any judge of aflize, or vclil rf anfnut* •rr	r	'	i •	.	J	i	i	i*	<• tliivf, tl other

commtlhoner ol oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, from bill ordered tq

ordering any prifoner to be tranfmitted to any other county* grand jury.

when he lhall appear to fuch judge to be charged with any

crime, or to extend tq the difeharge of any prifoner againlf

whom there (hall be any ocher bill of indfebnent ordered by

the court to be fent up to the grand jury.

IV.	And he it further eni^ded by the authority afore-i All fees abo-faid, That all fuch legal and accullomed fees as have beeq hflied. ufually paid or payable the leveral (lierifFs, gaolers, and

keepers of prifons, and to the clerks of the crown, and clerks of the peace, his or their deputy or deputies in tips' kingdom, and all other fees whatever in any of the cafes aforefaid, fhall ahfolutely ceafe, and are hereby aboiiihed a.id determined, and from and after palling this a£t, no (hcrii7| gaoler, or keeper of any gaol or prifon, or clerk ot the crown, or cleik of the peace, his or their deputy or deputies fhall afk, demand, take, or receive any fum of fums of money from any of the faid prifpners as fees.

V. And b.e it further enacted. That in lieu of fuch fees All furhfejev fo aboiiihed as aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful to and railed by j«>- * for the grand juries of the feyeral counties, counties of ci-

ties, and counties of tp>vns in this kingdom, at the ailizes	aiH-

held for the faid counties, counties of cities, and counties of davit, See.

towns, and at the quarter fefl'vjns held for the faid county

of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, in which

fuch prifoners (hall be difcharged as aforefaid, to prefent

from time to time any fum or fums of money that they lhall

think proper, not exceeding the amount; of the legal accuf-

tomed fees heretofore paid in fuch cafes to fuch ilieritth,

gaolers, and keepers of prifons, and to fuch clerks of thj

-	*	crown*

Digitized by ^ooQle

Grand jury (Sail not prefent for perfotw dif-chaigcd above the foxnt herein.

Term frond

jury may present for prifo-#trt difcharg cd.

n§ twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George ITt

crown, aad clerks of the peace, his or their deputy or deputies, the amount of fuch feet, to be ascertained by the refpedive affidavits of fuch (heriffs, gaolers, keepers of prifons, clerks of the crown, and clerks of the peace, his or their deputy or deputies, to be raifed out of and from the faid county at large; and in cafe fuch prefent-ment (hall be hated by the judges of affixe, or of oyer and terminer, for fuch counties refpedriMy, or by the jnftices of the peace at the faid quarter feffions of the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, the fums fo prefented to be raifed and levied in fuch manner as other coiinty pre* fentments are now ufually raifed and levied, and (hall be paid over to fuch fheriffs, gaolers, or keepers of fuch gaoi or prifon, and to fuch clerks of the crown, and of the peace, his or their deputy or deputies refpedively, in the proportions to which they were heretofore entitled to fuch fees.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for any grand jury, by virtue of this ad, to prefent at any one affixes for the payment of any perfons who (hall be dilcharged at any quarter feffions in pur* (nance of this ad, any fum of money exceeding in a county *t large the fum of twenty pounds, and in a county of a city, or coimty of a town, ten pounds, excepting only the county of Cork, the grand jury of which may prefent for the purpofes herein before mentioned, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of thirty pounds, at any one affizes, and that it (hall be lawful for any grand jury of the quarter feffions for the county of Dublin, to pre* fent at any quarter feffions for the purpofes herein before mentioned, any fum or Aims of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of fifteen pounds, and that it fhall be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, to present at any quarter feffions for the purpofes herein before mention, any fum or Aims of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fifty pounds.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the term grand juries for the county, and the county of the city of Dublin, if they (hall think proper to prefent on their refpedive counties the accuftomed and legal fees payable to the refpedive (herifis, gaolers, and clerks of the crown, and clerks of the peace for fuch counties, for all fuch prifoners as (hall have been' diP charged at the eommiffions of oyer and terminer held for the faid counties refpedively, in purfuanceof this ad, fuch pre-fentments to be made in the term next following the dip charge of fuch prifoners, and to be founded on the affidavits of the faid (heriffs, gaolers, clerks of the crown, and clerks of the peace refpedively, his or their deputies and

that

♦

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-third and twenty fourth Tears 3/*George IIL

that it (hall and may be lawful to ami for the judges of the	A. D.

court of King’s bench, if they (hall think proper, to fiat	l7$$-4«

fuch preferments.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That fums fo prefented, when . Diftnhuted raifed, (hall be diftributed among the fakl refpe&ive otfi- j.^ProPortlon w cers, his or their deputy or deputies, in proportion to the

amount of their feveral and refpectivc legal and accullomed m fees.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That

an act pafled in the third year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, 3 fc. 3. c. $. entitled, /in aS for difcharging •without fees, perfons who Jhall repealed. be acquitted of offences, for which they are or Jhall he tndiSedy and for making a compenfation to Jheriffs, gaolers, and clerks of the crown, and clerks of the peace for fuchfees, and every thing therein contained, (hall be and is hereby repealed.

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 to prevent the pernicious Praftice of crcfting Glafs 1 Houfes within the City of Dublin, or a certain Diflancc thereof.

WHEREAS feveral glafs houfes have been ere A-	OTafc-hotifes

ed within the «jty of Dublin, by means whereof crcAcd near the inhabitants of the faid city have been and are grievoufiy Du|>hn, &c. annoyed, the health of \nany has been much injured, and the lives of feveral weakly perfons loft : for remedy whereof, herein.* be it cna&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempo* ral and commons in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this a£t, no glafs houfe (hall be ere&ed on or contiguous to the North-wall, bounding the river Anna Liffey, nearer the city of Dublin than eight hundred yards from the off fide of the circular road, nor nearer than Ring’s-End on the fouth fide of the faid river Anna Liffey, nor nearer to the circular road than three quarters of a mile in any other part round the faid city, nor no chimney to any glafs houfe under fifty feet in height 5 and in cafe any perfon or perfons ihall build or ered, or caufe to be built or erected, any fuch houfe or houfes, furnace or kiln, for the purpofe aforefaid,

Vnthin the faid city of Dublin, or at a leffer diftance than as. before mentioned from the fame, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be dawful for the grand jury of the faid city, and they are hereby required to prefent the faid houfe or boufes, furnace or kiln, as a nuifance, and upon fuch presentment being confirmed by the court, the high (heriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, are hereby authorized and

%.	required

19 8c 40 G. 3.

c. 29.

All foreigners (except jews) coming to fet tie, and taking the oath herein deemed natural fubjc&s.

The oath.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George 111,

required to abate the faid nuifance, by pulling down the faid houfeorhoufe8, furnace or kiln, and the perfon or perfons fo building or erc&ing the fame fhall not be entitled to any compenfation whatever for the lofs which he or they may fuftain by the pulling down the fame.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An A St for extending the Prcvifons of an A :1 paffd in this Kingdom in the nineteenth and twenii th t earj tf bis Ma-jefy's Reign, entitled, An Aft for naturalizing fuch foreign Merchants, 'traders, Artificers, A>t*zcm, Manujat{hrcrs, Workmen, Seamen, Farmers, and others, as Jhall fettle in this Kingdom.

W^HEREAS foreigners of all ranks may be induced * * to come and fettle in this kingdom upon the happy refloration of peace, the advantage of an open commerce, and the blcifmgs of a free conftitution : be it enatfted by the King’s moll excellent M ijefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this ail, all and every nobleman, gentleman, merchant, trader, artificer, manufacturer, feaman, farmer, or other of any feft, religion, or perfualion born out of this kingdom, excepting perfons profeffing the jewilh religion, who are hereby excepted, any flatute, law, or ufage to the contrary notwithflandin£, who fhall at any time hereafter tranfport him, her, or themfclves into this kingdom, with intent to abide^ and fettle therein, fhall from and after his, her, or their taking the oath herein after mentioned, or affirmation to the fame effe£> if a quaker, be deemed, adjudged, and reputtd liege, free, and natural fubjecl or fubjedla of this kingdom, to all intents, constructions, add purpofes whatfoever, as fully, effectually and beneficially, as if he, {he, or they had been or were born within this kingdom.

/ A. B .do take Almighty God to wi.nrfs, that 1 mill he faithful, and bear true allfgiance to our mo/t gracious Jbverr.gu lord, King George the thirds and him will a feud to the ulmrjt in my power, again]} all confpiracics and attempts whaffoevet, that Jhall be made again]} bis perfon, crown, and dignity, and that 1 will do my utmrji endeavour to difeife and make known to bis Majefily, his heirs and fucccjjors, all treajons and traitorous confpiracies, which may be formed again]} him or them, and 1 do faithfully prom if to maintain, Jupport, and defend to the utmfil of my po wer, the fucccffiim ofi' the cro wn it* his Mujeffs Jan Ay again]} any fief on wbatficver \ hn ;ly

utterly

The twenty-third and twutyfomrtb Tears of George III.

utterly renouncing and abutting any obedience nr allegiance unto the perfon taking upon bimflf the Jiilt and title of prince of Wales in tbe lyetime nf bss fast er, and who Jince bis deatu is /aid to have ujjumtd the file and title rf King of Grea: Britain and Ireland by the name nf' Charles the third* and unto any other px rflu claiming er pretending a right tn the crown of theje realms ; and 1 do /wear, that 1 do reject and dttejl as impious to believe, that it is Imwfd to murder or defray any perfoi -wbatfoeverfor or udder pretence of being a beret id; and aijo that flagitious und wicked principle, that no faith is to be kept with her sticks : and I further declare, that it h no article of my faith, and that I do renounce, reflet, and abjure the opinion, Wba. princes excommunicated by tbs pope and c*u*:if, or by any authority of the fee of Runs, or by any authority wbatft-ever, may be depofed or murMrtJ by their febjeds, or by any perfon 'wbatfrver; and I Jj promife, that I will not hold, maintain, or abet, any fch opinion, or a if other opinion, contrary to what is txprejf hi in this d< cla atisn ; and I do declare, that 1 do not believe, that the pope of Rome, er any other foreign prince, prelate, fate, or pztc i**ic bath or ought to ha ve a.iy temporal or civclj&rijdicticn, powey, f*per to* itt, or pre eminence, directly, or inJiredlf, w.tixu tois i^jgdeut ; axJ I do flit maty in the preface of God dlaigbty, prflfl, t Iff, and declare, that I do m*ike this declaration, and rvtrj part thereof, in the plain and ordinary fexfe of the <w?rd: of toil oath9 wit bout auyevefson, equivocation,or a y mental rylrvntizn <ivhafoe-jer, a id witbe.it any difpenjiitioi already granted by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rstne, er any perfn <ivhatjoevcr \ aid without t jinking that I am or ca<i be acquitted before God or man, or alyolved of this declaration, or a*n p^ri thereof, although the pope, or any other ptrjbni or aetojrsiy what fever Jhail difpenfe with or ywnnl the jam:, or declare that it was null and voidfrom the beginning.

So help met God*

IT. Provided always That no perfons fo naturalized by Not emitted tills act, (hall have power or be entitled to ferve in the pre**° ^

Tent or any future Parliament, nor be of his Majedy’a moll	*

honourable privy council, nor be a peer of this realm, nor (hall herein, be entitled to hold any office of trait or profit, civil or military, unlefs he (hall be a proteilant, «nd (hall hare refided in this 'kingdom tluec years at one ordiaerctit periods, from the day of p:\fftng this ad.

III. Provided a!fo, T>At no perfon fo naturalized by this	Nw '

aft, (Iiall be entitled by wvtwcof iuch naturalization to rote	*

in any election for the choice of any r^prefentative in Parliament for any city, county of a city, borough or town corporate, or in any election for the d ©iccofany mngillcate, for any city, county of a city, borough or town corporate, of which by vhtue of this or any femur adi of uaiutaliza-4	ttoa

Digitized by Google

M

A. D-

17*3-4-

i%e twenty-third md tnuentyfrurtb Years of Gcorgclll.

tion he {hall hate been made free, unleft he (hall have obtain* ed fuch right of voting, by fuch ways, means, and methods only as all other hit Majefty’s fubjedts of this kingdom have hitherto, or (hall hereafter obtain thofame, any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithfUnding*

CHAP. XXXIX,

An AH to amend the Laws for the Encouragement of flouting Timber Trees.

Tenant* for life impeachable of wade, Sec. who plant, may tut, fell, and difpofe of the fame during the term.

Tenants fo planting mud make affidavit of number and kind.

WHEREAS the laws f<*r the encouragement of tenants to plant timber trees have proved ineffeftual: be it enafted by the King's moil excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this aft, any tenant for life or lives, by fettlement, dower, courtcfy, jointure, leafe, or office civil, military, or ecclefiaftical, impeachable of wafte, or any tenant for years, Exceeding fourteen years unexpired, who (hall plant, or caufe to be planted, any timber trees of oak, a(h, elm, beech, fir, alder, or any other trees, (hall be entitled to cut, fell, and difpofe of the fame, or any part of the fame, at any time during the term.

II. Provided always. That any tenant fo planting or caufing to be planted, (hall, within twelve calendar months after fuch planting, lodge with the cletk of the peace of the county, or county of a city where fuch plantation (hall be made, an affidavit fworn before fome jullice of the peace of the (aid county, reciting the number and kinds of the trees planted, and the name of the lands, in form following :

The oath. I A. B. do f wear, that 1 ba<ve planted, or cavfed to be plant-id Within twelve cal ndar months lajl paji, cm the lands of* in the parijh of	held	by

me from	the following trees, (here reciting

the number and kinds of trees) and that 1 have given notice 10 the per Jin or perj'ons under whom I immediately derive, or bis, her* or t he4 r agent, of my intention to regifter/aid trees, twenty days at the leaj't previous to this day, and that I have given notice of my intention to regift er /aid trees, by publtck advert ife-ment in the Dublin Gazette, thirty days at the leaft previous to the date hereof, or elfe, “ and that 1 have alfo given notice of the fame in writing to the head landlord, owner or owners of /aidground, or his or their agent, twenty days previous to the "	date	hereof(as the cafe may be.)

Which

Digitized by

Goc

*Tbi twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

“Which affidavit the clerk of the peace it direfWd to keep oq a feparate hie, amongft the records of the county, nod to enter in an alphabetical book, by the denomination of the land; for filing which affidavit, aldhabeting the fame, and making and attcfling a copy thereof, the dork of the peace (hall receive one (hilling, and for a copy of the affidavit given at any after time fix pence ; and to which book and affidavit any perfon may refort, at and during any quarter feffiona of the peace for faid county, paying three pence ; and fuck ckrk of the peace is hereby direded to read in open court, at every general quarter feffions, all affidavits as aforefaid, which (hall have been lodged with him at any time fincc the general quarter feffions next preceding the fame, under the penalty of twenty (hillings for every omiffion, to be recovered by civil bill, by any perfon who (hall fuc for the fame within twelve months after the quarter feffions at which he ought to have publiekly read fuch affidavit.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That if any tenant as aforefaid, fhall inclofe any piece of ground containing coppice wood, which he is not bound by his lcafe to inclofe or preferve, and which has not been indofed or preferred from cattle for five years preceding, the faid tenant fhall have power to cut, fell, and difpofe of the trees, which (hall grow from faid coppice at any time during his term, leaving one timber tree on every fquare perch of fuch coppice where timber trees arc growing.

IV.	But in order to prevent any frauds that- may arife from his claiming any trees which may be (landing in the faid ground at the time of inclofmg 5 be it ena&ed, That before hisinclofing the fame, he mud give notice at a quarter fief. fions to be held for (aid county, that he intends to inclofe faid ground within the fpace of twelve calendar rooottfi the* next enfiling, in form following:

/ A--B. do hereby give notice, that I intend to inclofe

cures or roods (as the cafe may be) of the lauds of in the farijb of	held by

from	for the furpoje

f preferring the coppice growing thereon.

filed feparate, the fee* for copying at httCML

fidofag

coppice not booai

See. may cut, and (ell at herein.

Norite intention t6

The notice.

Which notice fhall be given to the clerk of the peace, and ^y c!erk by him read aloud in the prefence of the juffcicet, and for fo of peace, foes doing, the clerk of the peace (hall receive fix pence, a copy kd. of which notice (hall be given to the perfon from whom fuck lands are holden, or to his known agent.

V.	And be it further ena£ted, That in or^er to entitle # A map of himfelf to any benefit from faid inclofure, the tenant (hall al-	^

fo within fix calendar months after fuch inclofure, lodge with the (aid clerk of the peace, a map of the ground fo inclofed.

Digitized by v^ooQie

300	The	twenty-third	and	twenty-fourth	Tears	of	George	III.	*

A. IX- and an affidavit fwom before fame juftice of the peace for 1783-4. county, in form following :

Chap. 39^

.....I A. B. do fix ear, tfatf I ha<Oe inclofed

acres	roods,	perches	of	1 he lands of

in the parijh of	which	1 held from

and that 1 have counted the number of trees exceeding fix feet in height h, and which are wrw fianding thereon, according to the beft of my JkiU and judgment, and that they amount to no more than	trees	of the following kinds (here

naming the kinds of trees, and the number of each kind which they do not exceed) or elfc, and that there are no, trees exceeding fix feet in h eighth, growing upon /aid lands jo inclofed by me (as the cafe may be) and that 1 intend to p.e-fer<ve J,'aid lands fo inclofed from cuttl^ for the /pace effive, years, that the copfe may grow.

Tree® (finding the property of the period, a* before notice. &c.

Landlord in 1 a months after ri giftry, or after atraining the age of 21 may complain at l?ffior% as herein.

And the trees fo (landing as aforefaid, (hall continue to be the property of the pei (on to whom they belonged beforq faid regiftry ; and the deck of the peace is hereby required to keep the aforefaid notice, and the aforefaid map and affidavit, on the fame file with die affidavits of trees planted and regilleVed by virtue of this ad, and to enter the fame in the fame alphabetical book; for iiling which notice, and map, and affidavit of fuch inclofure, alphabeting the fame, and making and attefling a copy thereof, the clerk of the peace (hall rective one fhilling, and for a copj of the notice and affidavit given at any time after, fix pence each, and to which notice, map, affidavit, and book, any perfon may refort at any quaver feffions of the peace for faid county ; and fuch clerk of^the peace is hereby diredled to read in open court^ at every .quarter feffions, all affidavits of inclofures having been actually made as aforefaid, which (hall have been lodged with him at any time fince the general quarter feffions next preceding the fame, under the penalty of twenty (billings for every omiffion, to be recovered by civil biU, t>y any perfon who (hall fue for the fame, within twelve calendar months after the quarter feffions at which he ought to have publicity read fuch affidavit.

VI.	And for the preventing of fraudulent regiflries; be it enadled, That any perfon under whom the lands (hall be held mediately or immediately, whereon the trees regitiered, or the inclofures regiflercd in purfuance of this adt may be, and who (hall think hinr.fclf or herfeif aggrieved by a fraudulent rcgiltry, may apply to the jullices of faid county aflembled in quarter feffions at any time within twelve months after fuch regiltry, (or if he or (he be a minor at the time of regillering, within twelve months after he or (he (hail arrive at the age of twenty-one years) which juftiers, on ic^

ceiviug

Digitized by

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth' Tears of George III.

3o«

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 39.

ceiving a petition complaining as aforefaid of a fraudulent regiftry, and alfo an affidavit that notice of fuch intended complaint had been ferved on the tenant twenty-one days at the lead before fuch quarter feflions, (hall caufe a jury to be impannelled. who fhall decide Whether the faid regiftry be a tiue regiftry or not, and if they fhall find it to be a folfe re^idfy, then the fame fhall be deemed utterly null and ▼oid, and of no effc&; but if they fhall find for the tenant, then the regiftry fhall be deemed good, and their verdi& in both cafes fhall 5e conclufive.

VII.	And whereas it may be advantageous to all peTfons Tenant may concerned. That the tenant may fell his or her right and fell hi* right to title in faid trees to the perfon under whom he or fhe may perfon under derive 5 be it ena&ed, That any tenant may fell his or her w*iom deriving, right, title, and property in faid trees or coppices, or any

part of the fame, to any perfon under whom he or fhe may derive mediately or immediately, and that'the perfon fo pur-charing fhall have all rights, titles, and properties, and privileges therein, which are, or by this a& fhall be fecured to faid tenant.

VIII.	Provided always, and to prevent difputes touch- ln writing ing the fale or transfer of faid trees or coppices, That no with two wit-rale or transfer of the fame fhall be deemed good in law, peflea, at hcre-unlefs and until the fame fhall be done in writing, and fign- in*

ed by faid tenant with his or her name or mark, attefted by two credible witnefles, and an attefted copy of faid writing or inftrument lodged with the clerk of the peace, in open court, at fome quarter feflions of the peace for the county, or county of a city, having been firft proved to be a true copy by fome credible witnefles upon oath before thejnfti£es at faid feflions; which copy the clerk of the peace is hereby dire&cd to keep on the fame file with the affidavits in this act mentioned, and to alphabet in the fame book, and for fo doing, the clerk of the peace fhail receive from the pur-chafer one fhiRing ; and to faid book and affidavit all perfons fhall have accefs attany time, paying fix pence, and an attefted copy of the copy of fuch writing or inftrument,

Signed by the acting clerk of the peace fhall be deemed in all courts to be evidence of the due regiftry of fuch writing or inftrument, and fuch copy the clerk of the peace fhall be at all times obliged to give on receiving fix pence; and any clerk of the peace refufing to give fuch copy within three days after it fhall be demanded, fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, by any one who fhall fue for the fame, within fix months; and if the head or principal landlord fhall fo purchafe the faid trees or coppices from an undertenant, having a right to fell the fame, then,	•

from and after the regiftry of the fale as aforefaid, the faid •trees fhall belong to laid landlord in as full and ample a

manner

JOS	TiW$mm0f da d tmi twrtyfiurtk Tears ef Gewgc IH.

A- IX manner at if they were hit own original right or royalty, 1783-4- notwithfbmdrag any intermediate term that may exift be* Chap. 39. tween the term of the (aid tinder tenant, and the efUte of i—the hid landlord.

Where leafe ascertain, tenant flail have t 9 ear from expiration to cut, See.

Revet Gotten mending to purchafe muft give 6 months notice to tenant,

IX.	And be it enacted, flfhat when the term of the tenant intitkd to the property of the trees, by this act, (hall be for life or uncertain, the faid tenant (hall have the fame liberty fat the (pace of one year after the expiration of his leafe, to enter npoo faid lands, and to cut, carry away, and dif-pofe of the faid trees, as if his leafe had been unexpired, making fuch reafonable compenfotion for damages incurred by fb doing, as (hall be awarded by two of the neighbours, who (hall be appointed by the next redding juftice of the pence for faid county, by an order under his hand, and which two neighbours (hall, in cafe of difference between them, call in a third.

X.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That if any per-f<m inti tied to the reveriion or inheritance of faid lands mediately or immediately, (hall be inclined to purchafe faid trees, fuch perfon may at any time within fix calendar months. Carve a notice in writing to faid tenant to defiil from cutting laid trees, who on receipt of fuch notice is hereby enjoined to defift from cutting the fame; and the (aid perfons fo in-titled to the reveriion or inheritance, may apply by petition to the juftices at fome quarter fefiions of the peace for (aid comity, or county of a city, fetting forth his, her, or their tide, and his, her, or their intention to purchafe faid trees, and upon hid petition received, and proof made to the faid jufbees, that notice was duly ferved on faid tenant, twenty-cbe days before the quarter fefiions, of the landlord’s intention to apply to faid juflices at faid quaiter fefiions, by petition as aforefoid, then the hud juflices (hall either at faid quarter fefiions, or at the next enfuing, at their diferttion, caufe a jury to be impannelled, which jury (hall try and determine the value of faid trees, allowing for the cxpence of fdling them, and for the damage that would be incurred ,by fo doing; and the juflices (hall, on receiving the verdict, immediately declare in open court, the fum to be paid by the inheritor or reverfioner for faid trees; and if the faid rc-verfiooer or inheritor (hall not pay to the (aid tenant, or to his or her legal reprefentative, the fum fo awarded, or lodge the fame with the county treafurer for the ufc of the faid tenant, or his or her reprefentative, at or before the general quarter fefiions then next enfuing, then the juflices at (aid next quarter fefiions (hall declare in open court, that the (aid trees are the property of faid tenant, or his or her reprefentative; and the fome (hall have power to enter upon fold lands, and to cut and take away (aid trees at any and all times during fix months then next enfuing, between fun-

ligitize^ b)

X^oogk-

The toventy-third and twenty-fourth Years cf George ifL

yife, and fun-fet, without paying any compenfation for the damage he fhall do, unlefs he fhall commit wanton and un-neceflary damage, upon affidavit whereof the next refiddnt juft ice (hall caufe the faid wanton and unneceffary damage to be valued by two neighbour** who, in cafe of difference (hall call in a third ; and if there (hall be more perfons than one claiming to become purchafers of faid trees, at the proper time of claiming as aforefaid, the juftices at faid feffi-ons, (hall, in a fuijimary way, decide which claimant fhaH be preferred, preferring the more remote inheritor or rever-fioner, to the more immediate.

XI.	And be it ena&ed, If any tenant, or his reprefenta-tivc, inti tied to cut down faid trees as aforefaid, (hall fell his fale to rever-or her right or title to the fame, to any reverfioner or in-

heritor by private bargain, and that the faid falc or bargain * fhall be regiftered in the manner preferibed in this a& for regiftering bargains at any time within the fix months, during which he or (he has a right to cut the faid trees, then faid •trees fhall be deemed the property of the purchafer; and the fees to be taken by the clerk of the peace for filing and entering every petition, (hall be fix pence ; and for filing and copying every affidavit* fix pence, and for regiftering a laic pf trees, fix pence.

XII.	And be it ena&ed. That the furrender of any leafe Surrender to for years, or for a life or lives, of any lands to any body body corporate corporate ecclefiaftical or lay, for the purpofe of taking a a new

new leafe thereof, fhall not be corifidered as an expiration J^cxPirati°P» of the term furrendcred, fo far as the fame refpe&s this a&* but that every renewal fhall be considered as a farther continuance of the original term, and the tenant fhall enjoy all benefit of planting given by this a&, in as full and ample a manner, as if the additional term of years, or the additional lives had been contained in his or her original leafe/

XIII.	And whereas it is ufual with timber-dealers to faw

and work up as foon as poffible the green timber they have timberfcizedon illegally poffcffed themfelves of; and it is not clearly under- fufpicion by a flood, that juflices	of the peace, or thofe	authorized	by	}on authored,

their warrant, have	a power by any a& now in force,	to	„ ^f.in,	^

feize fuch wooden	ware, and wrought-up	timber, as	are

offered to fale by	fufpe&ed perfons: be	it ena&ed	by

the authority aforefaid. That any juftice of the peace, or perfon authorized under his hand and feal for that purpofe, fhall have power to feize all frefh wrought timber, whether wooden ware, cats, carts, fork or fhovel handles, hoops, ploughs, harrows, or rakes tads, when found in pofTeffion of airyjperfon or perfons fufpe&ed of having become illegally poffeffed of the fame; and if fuch perfon or perfons cannot give a fatisfa&ory account of having procured

On private

A. D. •7S3-4-Chap. 39.

If offering for file fiich green timber tio fecurny by ft to appear, may feu.

And if fuch perfoas cr*ivi&-ett, committed till fine paid, Ac.

Oft a ferond con via «on for deploying trees, fiiv.J 61. but not above id. or imprifonid 6 mouths.

To cut or grub trees by night without content of owner,

The hmaitfjlnrJ tmitUKuty-faurib Tt*rs »f George Iff.

red them honcftly* he or they (hall he liable to fuch penalty not exceeding triple the cuftomary value of fuch wooden ware, carts, cars* fork or (hovel handles, hoops, ploughs, harrows* or rakes tails, fo found in then poffcffion, as the faid juftice (hall adjudge* one half thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parifti* and the other moiety to the informer ; or if there be none* to fuch fab or petty conftable or wood-ranger, as ffnll appear to the juftice before whom the offender is convicted, to have been molt a&ive in carry’ing the law into execution.

XIV.	P;ovidcd neverthelels* That if fuch perfon or per-lons fo offering tofale fuch green wrought timber, (hall give the fecurity cJ two refponlible perfons to fuch juftice of the peace, or perfon authorized u ;der him, for his, her, or their appearance before fuch juftice at a day and hour appointed, in order to exonerate themfelves of the charge made againft them* relative to fuch wrought timber, he, ike, or they may have liberty to fell the fame.

XV.	And provided alfd. That if fuch perfon or perfons, when convicted before a jlillice of the peace as aforefaid, (hall not immediately pay the fine ordcud by faid juftice, he or they (hall be commuted to the houfe of correction, or county gaol, until fuch fine (hall be paid; or if not paid, to remain there without bail or mainprize for fuch time as the (aid juftice (hall direct, not exceeding three months for the firft offence* fix for the fccond and twelve for every fuch offence as he or they (hall again commit.

XVI.	And whereas the pra&ice of timber Healing is well known to have been carried on for a length of time by the fame idle and diforderly perfon or perfons, notwith-ftanding their having been often convicted and fined for Inch offences: be it ena&ed, That all perfons truce convi&cd of cutting down* grubbing up* barking, or otherwise deitroy-ing any tree or trees, without the conlent of the owner, be-\ fore auy juftice of the peace, (hall be liable upon conviction for their fecond offence, to fuch fine, not lefs than five pounds, nor more than ten pounds, as to fuch juftice (hall feera proper, to be difpofed of in manner as in this a& is before recited; or on non-payment thereof, to fix months imprifonment, and for their third offence, to a penalty of ten pounds, or on non-payment thereof, to an imprifon-ment for any timl not exceeding twelve mouths, nor lets

. than fix.

XVII.	And whereas the practice of cutting down trees in the night, without the confent of the owner,_ has of late very much increafed: be it ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the palling of this act, every perfon or perfons who fhall cut down or grub up any tree or trees betweea funic t and funrife, without the confent of the

owner

Digitized by

b?Go(Wh

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George lit.

bwncr or owners, or (hall be found cutting down or grubbing up between funfet and funrife, any tree or trees, without the content of the owner or owners, (hall, upon information being given on dath of one or more credible wit-nefles, before arty juft ice df the peace of the coiinty in which fuch tree or trees hath or have been fo cut down or grubbdi up, be committed to the county gaol as a felort* and being convicted of fuch offence at the general alfizeS to be held for faid county, Ihall fuffer the pain6 and penalties of felony.

XVIII.	Provided nevefthelefs, That nothing herein con-

tained, Ihall prevent the owner or owners of fuch tree or puifuc remedy, trees fo cut down or grubbed up, from purfuing (if he (hall **	7	^	3*	ci

think proper), fuch remedies as are preferibed in an act

pafled in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty George the Third’s reign, chapter the twenty-third, entitled, An ad for the prejervatio* of woods and timber trees, in place of thofe preferibed in the claufe foregoing•

XIX.	And whereas the keeping of goats* either in wood- aog( on 0wrfsr lands, or in Any improved country, greatly tends to the de- for every goat ftruction of timber: be it enacted, That from and after the trefj>aflmg, aa palling of this act, upon complaint made before any juftice

of the peace, of any damage or trefpafs committed by any goat or goats, the party owning the fame (hall be fum-moned before faid juftice, and on proof of faid trefpafs being made, on the oath of one credible witnefs, fuch owner of the goats may be fined any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings for every goat fo trefpafiing, as faid juftice of the peace (hall think fit, to be paid to the complainant if h£

(hall demand the fame* or otherwife to the church wardens For the ufc of the poor of the parifh; and if any perfon (ball find a goat tjnefpaifing in his or her plantation, he may take the fame, and keep or difpofe of them, as his or her own property.

XX.	Be it further enacted, That if any perfon or per- ^ reward t#

Ions (Hall difeover and profecute to conviction any perfoti informer on or perfons who (hall illegally cut down any tree or trees, of conyiaion of the value of five (hillings or upwards* he, (he, or they (hall	d^the

be entitled to* and receive as a reward* for his, her, or their	6

trouble and expcnce, the film of five pounds, the fame to

be levied by preferment of the grand jury at the aifizeS on the pari(h in which fuck offence (hall be committed.

XXI- And be it ena&ed, That nothing Herein (hall be This aSt not conftrued to extend or relate to arty trees planted, or to be t0 cxtc?d to planted in purfuance of any covenant contained in any leafcr covenant!*3 Y uor to affed or invalidate any filch covenants.

XXII: Amd be it eria&ed, That nothing herein contained toor to tenant*, (hall extend to tenants evi&ed for non-payment of rent. evicted for non-Vol. VII.	U	C	H	A	P-

felony, ttwrtera maV

Digitized by

Google

«

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tear* of GeCrge III/

CHAP. XL.

An A8 for the Proteftion and Improvement of the Inland Fijbe-ries of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS an aft paffed in the fevenCcenth and

.............. eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled,

3. 50. 33'(7. 3. fn a3 for the better prefervation offjh in-rivers, lobes, and So.	inland waters, is about to expire : and whereas the faid law

17& 18 O. 3. contains veiy good provifions for that purpofe : be it enaft-c 19. conttnu- by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the tcreduTiffMay ac^v,ce an^ con^nt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and 1-84.	commons	in	this	prefent	Parliament	aflembled,	and	by	the

authority of the fame, That the hid aft, fo far as the fame (hall not contravene any of the provifions in this bill, (hall continue and be in full force for ten years, from the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four.

II.	And whereas every fpecies of fifti in the rivers and ftage*on banks, ]akes Qf thi9 kingdom, appears to have very much decreafcd, owing to "the want of fome further regulations for prtferv-ing them, particularly in the fpawmn^ feafons ; and whereas great damage is done to many fi(hene3 in this kingdom by perfons erdfting of (hades or ftages upon the banks of rivers, or under the arches of bridges, or upon mill. (luices, ee! weirt, or other narrow padages of rivers, for the purpofe of taking falmon with gaffs or (pears, and alfo by ftretching of Continued nets acrofs the mouths of rivers* and by affixing ^	hoop	nets, bafkets or btifhes into (luices to prevent the fal-

mon paffing through them; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this aft, any perfon whatf *ver, not being the owner or renter of a patent or charter fiffiery, who (hall ereft fuch (hades or Rages on the banks of rivers or lakes, or who (hall take ady «	falmon	or trout by the meant of any fuch (hades or ftages,

or under the arch of any bridge, in manner aforefaid, or who (hall affix any bafket, hoop net, or bufhes into any mill fluice, cel weir, or other narrow pafTage for the pur-pofe of impeding the paffage of falmon, or who (hall affix or keep up continued nets ftretched acrofs the mouth of tiny river, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds fterling, the fame to be levied and applied in manner hereafter direfted by this aft ; Ihd that if any perfon jot being the owner or renter of fuch fifhery, (hall from the firft day of February to the firft day of September, in any year, be found taking of falmon or trout with any gads, (pears, ftrokalls, crofs lines, nets* fnares, or any other fiftiing implements, in any river, or upon any lake or pool, (angling with fingle rods only excepted) or be found carrying a gaff, fpcar, ftrokall, crofo-line, net, fnare, or any other fiffiing

implement

P. 33 G. 3.

50 4.



Digitized by

Google

■**»

T alcing trout,

&<?.

91 f iiventy-thlrd and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

implement (an angling rod excepted) on the bank of any river, lake, ox pool, or (hall be found draining of any river, lake or pool for the purpofe of taking any fi(h without the privity and confent of the. owner or owners of the fame, that in fuch cafe every fuch perfon (Hall for every fuch offence, forfeit fuch fum not exceeding five pounds fterling, as auy juft ice of the.peact in tM county in whi6h filch offence (hall be committed# may think fit, to be levied and applied as hereafter dire&ed.

.III. And wheiras great quantities of trout ate taken and killed in thefeverai frdh water rivers in this kingdom, from fave by angling and after the lirft day of Odfober to the firff day of Februa- bcT™o\ft°Fe?" ry, which is the feafon during which trout depofit their bruary, Sec. fpawn : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon whatsoever (hall kill, taka or deftroy any trouts by % the means of dams, filh-houfes, nets, or any other engine,

(angling excepted) from the firft day of O&ober, to the firft day of February, under the penalty of five pounds iter-ling, the fame to be levied and applied in manner hereafter dire&ed.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Inhabitants laid. That in order to enforce obedience to and compliance or landholders with this adt, it (hall and may be lawful from time to time, view or& for any inhabitant or inhabitants being near fuch river or apjiint other*, rivers, lakes or pools, or holding land near the fame, from &c*

time to time to view or appoint any perfon or perfuns, from time to time to view all and every fuch lakes, pools and riven* and all fuch dams, (hades, ftages, and obilru&ions, or any of them as now 1*9, are, or hertaftet (hall or may be	%

on any fuch river or rivers, (chartered or patent fdherie* excepted) and thereby find out and difeover whether this act is complied with or uot, or whether any, and what breach or omiflion thereof (hall he committed, or according to the true intent aud meaning hereof, and that if any perfon of perfons (hall obllrudt or hinder, or attempt to obftm& or hinder fuch perfon dr perfons intending to view arty river, pool, lake, dam, barrier, or other thing mentioned in, or alluded to by this a ft, fo as to difeover any perfon or pei-fons who (hall incur any forfeiture or penalty in virtue hereof, that the perfon or perfons who 'lhall fo hinder or ob-ftrud, or attempt to hinder or nbftrucl any perfon from viewing any of the matters aforclaid, that fuch perfon or perfons who (hall impede or obftrtnit fuch viewer or viewers (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the ium of five pounds 1 fterling, one half thereof to go to the informer, and the other to go to the poor of the parilh where fuch offence (hall be committed.	'

V.	Provided that nothing herein contained (hall extend, ^otto

•r be coultiued to extend to fuch portions or parts of rivers ^IhiT/smefne*

U 2	or	Sec.

Digitized by L-ooQle

3te8

A. D.

»7»3*4-

Chap. 40.

Complaints determined by l juftiee refi-dent, on oath,

the fine levied by diftrefs and fale, ice. as herein.

Juftiee refuf-iug or neglecting to deter-mine com-fdaintet See.

forfeit 20).

8almbrf or eel fry taken

The tvfesUyAhtrd and tvoenty-fomrtb Tears vf George IIL

or lakes as (hall happen to be within any' demefne, park, improvement, or pleafure ground of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwit hfta tiding.

Vi. And be it ena&ed by the authority mforefeid, That any one or more juftiee or juftices of the peace, refiding in the county where the perfon or perfons liable to any of the fines or forfeitures before mentioned (hall live or refidc, (hail be bound to hear and determine any complaint mode is virtue of this ad, upon the oaths of one or more credible wit-nefs or witnefTes, and upon hearing the fame if there (haft appear fufiBcient proof of the offence being committed to grant a warrant or warrants under his or their hands and foals to levy by diftrefs and fale of the goods and #dhattels of the perfon or perfons fo offending or incurring fueh forfeiture, all fuch fum and fums as aforefaid, returning the overplus if any ; and in cafe fuch diftrefs or diftrelTes (hall fall (hort of the fum and fums fo intended to be levied, that fuch juft ice or juftices (hall by fuch warrant as aforefaid, commit fuch offender to the gaol of the county where fuch offence fhall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for fuch time as fuch juftiee fhall dire& by his committal to be wrote for that purpofe, not kfs than nine days, nor more than three calendar months, according to the diferetton of fuch juftiee or juftices.

VII.	And be it cna&cd by the authority aforefaid, That if any juftiee or juftices of the peace of any county or counties where the perfon or perfons liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures to be incurred in virtue of this a&, (hall negle& or rfefofe to hear or determine any complaint to be made in virtue her of, or upon hearing and furacient proof feeing made of the offence, fhall refufe to grant his or their Warrant or warrants for the purpofe aforefaid, that fuchjuf-tice or Juftices (hall for fuch neglc& or refofal forfeit the penalty of twenty pounds, and that the informer or informers fhall and may recover fuch penalty or forfeiture from fuch juftiee or juftices, by procefs or civft bifl before any going judges of affize, who ufually hear and determine proceffes and civil bills, fuch afftzes to be held in the county where fuch juftiee or juftices ufually refidc, upon the like fourteen days previous fervicc of fuch proccfs or civil bftl as herein before mentioned.

VIII.	And whereas it has been difeovered* that great quantities of faltnon fry have been taken in nets and xrem m

°*fty with fu,glc ail the fifhing rivers of this kingdom, with eel-nets, balkets, rod> *	and other inftruments in every year, which has been found

prejudicial, and contributed to the fcarcity o¥ fi(h: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from.and after the puffing of this a£t, no perfon Shall take any fahnon fry in

W

------Digitize

TFhe tvvrnlj-third and touentyfeurtb	Georgs	IH.

S«9

penalty not above 5I. nor

any net or weir, or by any other inftrument (angling with tingle rod excepted ) under the penalty of facb fum, not oxr ceeding five pounds, nor lefs than two pounds, as fetch juftice (hall think proper, "to be levied and applied in fuch manner as the penalties herein before mentioned ; and that no perfon (hall take any eel fry under the like penalty; the faid pe-oaky to be paid by the perfon in whofe pofleffion fuch falmon * ’ ■ or eel fry fhaH be found, and to be levied and applied in fuch manner as the penalties herein before mentioned are impow-ered to be recovered

IX.	And whereas the gates of fahnon weirs are often shotting kept down after the .time limited by aft of Parliament fop gate*, &c. taking of fifh in the weirs has expired : be it ena&ed by t^e authority afbrefaid, That after the twenty-fourth of June

next, any perfon who (hah keep down the gate or gates of the hatches of any falmon weir, or (hall ufe any other means on fuch fifhery weirs to prevent the falmon from going up the rivers to fpawn, after the time limited by a& of Parliament for taking hfh in faid weirs has expired, (hall for every day 00 any part of which the faid gates (hall be kept down or (hut, forfeit the fura of five pounds, to be recovered by forfeit^*!, ctvil biU, one half to be given to the informer, and the other half to the poor of the parifh.

X.	And whereas a great number of falmon and trout and Lights, other large fid* are deftroyed by day and by nisht with

lights, foares, gaffe, Crofs-Hnes, (pears and ftrokaik: be it ^ above 10b ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That all and every per- nor under xL fon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall from the palling. of this a&, take, kill, or deflroy any fifh of any kind with lights, foares, gaffe, crofe-linea, fpears, or fferokalls, (hall forfeit fuch lights, (hares, gaffs, croft-lines, fpears, or fkrokalb, and (hall pay a penalty not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than two pounds, for every fuch offence; the fame to be levied on the goods of fuch offender or offenders, by wartant of any juftice of the peace before whom the perfon or perfons (p offending (hall be cqnvi&edy and to be applied in manner

aforefaid; and if fuch fums (hall not be paid within fix days _____________

after fuch conviction, that fuch offender or offenders (hall be 6 day* impri-committed by warrant of fuch juffice, to the county gaol, foned, &c. for fuch time as to fuch juftice may appear proper, not exceeding fix months.

XI.	And whereas it is ncceflary, that a King’s (hare or Frcc fpace of twenty-one feet (hould be left open in every river, 0r King** (hare for the free paffage of fifh, in order to encreafe the fpecies : left, &c.

and whereas there are inftances of peTfons, who form a coinpleat chain of obftru&ions acrof6 great rivers, thereby (lopping the progrefs of falmon, and all other fifh, to the fifties ries which lie above them: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons thall form any fuch ob-

ftru&ion

if not paid in

Digitized by Google

under penalty *cl.

On notice, if tiot abated I month, 2o«. per day to prft, piojecuior.

llnlefsa title to fcredt.

i

Not to repeal any Uw againft

fuch weir.

For faid offences committed from iCand-bridge, &tc.

fame puniOi-

ment, &c.

A public a£t.

general iflue pleaded, &c. therein.

77/ twenty third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III,

ftrudion or obftrudions acre Is fuch river or rivers, except of-herein before excepted, but fnall leave a free paffage, of King's (hare, of at lead twenty-one feet dear in the deepeft part,' under the penalty of twenty pounds for every time he, (he, or they (hall be found guilty of the above offence ; the fame to be levied and applied as the other penalties which arc directed by this ad.

XII.	And whereas feveral weirs have been and may be ereded contrary to law, for the purpofe of catching fffh : be it enaded by the authority afurefkid, That any perfon who fhall conceive himfelf to be injured by the eredion or continuance of fucli weir, may fcrve a notice on the proprietor, or any of the proprietors of the faid weir, or in his or their abfeuce, on.his or their known agent or agents, defiring him or them to abate fuch weir; and that if in one month after fuch notice fhall be ferved as aforefaid, fuch weir fhall not be abated, that in every fuch cafe every fuch proprietor fhall forfeit the fnm of twenty fhillings for every day that the faid weir fliall be continued after fuch notice fhall bt ferved as aforefaid, the faid fum to bcTecdvered by civil bill by the firit perfon who fliall fue for the fame.

XIII.	Provided always. That nb foch fuit fhall be entertained, whereon there fhall appear to have been any title for the eredion of the (aid weir.

XIV.	PrQvided always, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrtied to repeal any law now in force againfl thd eredion of any fuch weir, for proflrating the fame.

XV.	Whereas the fifhery of tiie river Anua Liffev, from

the great weirs next above I (land-bridge, to the Light*houfe in Poolbeg, the property of the corporation of the city of Dublin, if properly proteded, might become of great ufe to the inhabitants and the poor of the fdd city: be ft en-aded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or peri fons fhall, within the faid difind, commit any of the aforefaid offences, fuch* perfon or perfons (hall be liable to the feveral punifhments herein mentioned, and to be recovered in like manner.	. r

XVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. Tbit this ad be deemed and confidercd as a publiqk ad, and be taken notice of in all courts, and by all judges as fuch 5 and if any ad ion (hall be brought againfl any magiflrate or magiftrat^s on accDunt of any adjudication, or determination, or of granting any warrant or warrants, or otherwifo ading in virtue of any potfer given to fuch magiflrate or ma-giftrates by this ad, tlwt iuch roagiftrate or magiftiates fhall be at liberty to plead the general iffue to fuch adion, and give the ipecial matter in evidence; and that all and every plaintiff or plaintiffs who IhaH commence any fuch adion againft any inch magi ft rate, op magiflrates, fhall upon fuch

magiflrate

;jitized by L-ooole

7'he iivemiy-third and twenty-fourth Tears nf George III.	31#

magistrate or magiftrates appearing by his or their, attorney or attornies, be obliged to enter into recognizance* with fuf-ficient fecurity, before a judge of the court, in which fudt action (hall be commenced, conditioned to pay to fuch magistrate or magiftrates, fuch coils as hereafter mentioned in cafe he (hall be nonsuited, or fail of fucccfs in fuch aCtion f and that if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited, or fail in fitch action, fuch magidrate or magiftrates fhall recovei double cods.

XVII.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That thisa&> and all claufes therein contained fhall continue ift May 1784, in full force for ten years, from the firft day of May next, ei;d oi kf-and to the end of the then next feffioos of Parliament.

Continued to

lion.

CHAP. XL1.

An A3 fur altering, amending, and rendering mere effectual the Laws tt'sw tn being* for regulating and man tging the publick Grads and Prifon> throughout this A nuiom,

m\\T HE RE AS the different laws heretofore ena&ed for * * building, rebuilding, repairing, altering, enlarging, or regulating the gaols and prifon6 throughout this kingdom, and thereby providing proper accommodation for the perfons confined therein, have been found infufficient to efFeCtuafce the ufeful purpofes thereby intended, and that ijot^ithftand-ing they continue in a ruinous date and have become very prqrdicial to .the health of the prifoners, and infufficient for the fafe cuftody of them : for remedy wliercof, be it enpefced Grand juries by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the ad- inquire in-vice and confcnt of the lords fpirjtual ami temporal and £Qrn-	°*

mons in this prefent parliament affemblech and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-tour, it fhall and may be lawful for every grand jury of every county in this kingdom, and for evvery grand jury of every county of a city to enquire into (and they afe hereby (required fo to do,) the Hate of the gaols in their refptClive diftriCts : and if they fhall find them iufqfEcicnt, income- ^ J^fent nient, or in want of repair, that they are hereby empower- um8ntte ulTf cd to prefent fuch fum or fums as fhall be deemed necefTary to remedy fuch infufftciency or inconveniency, or to eflcc- and contract tuate fuch repair, and to contract and agree with any pei-for buiUlin^re-fon or perfons for building, re-building, finifhtng, repairing, or enlarging any gaol or gaols, and any buildings or con-venienotes which fhall be adjudged a requifite thereto by the v faid juries, at a certain fum, payment, or allowance for the fame, fuch contractor or contractors giving fufficiuit fecurity by recognizance, in double the (um to be contracted for, and

to





$14	Tht	tvifnty-tbird	and twenty-fourth af George	HI.

A. D.

1783-4. Chap. 41.

After pre-fentmenu, grand jury to give notice of intention to contract, ficc. as herein.

Wan adopted, which provide*,

diftin& »_ partmenta, &c. as herein.

Grand juries may purchafe adjoining

Sounds, to en-rge, &c. as herein.

to be approved of by fuch grand jury for tbe doe performance thereof to the refpe&ive clerks of the peace for fneb county or county of a city.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrdaid, That the different grand juries as aforefaid, after fuch presentment or prefentments made, (hall £rve notice of fuch having been made three times at lead, in iome public newf-papers or newfpapcr, circulating in or near fuch county, or pounty of a city, of their intention of contra£Ung with any perfon or perfons for building, re-building, repairing, finifh-ing, or enlarging fuch gaol or gaols as aforefaid, and fuch fontra# or contra#* (hall be made at the mod reafonable price or prices which fhall be propofed by fuch contractor or contra#ors as (hall be deemed by the faid juries the moil proper and refponiible perfons to carry fuch contra# or centrists into execution, and all contra# or contra#* when Agreed upon, and all orders relating thereto, (hall be entered m a book to be kept by the refpeftive clerks of the peace tor the time being, who are hereby required to keep the fame among the records of the county, to be from time to time iofpe#ed at all reasonable times by any of the faid juries in their refpe#ive counties, or by any perfon or perfons -employed or to be employed by any county, city, or baro-ay, contributing to the purpofes of this a#, without fee ot reward.

III.	And be it ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, That the grand juries iu determining upon the plans for building, re-building, or altering the gaol of a county or county t£ a city, or enlarging the yard thereof, (hall adopt fuch plan as (hall provide not only different diftm# apartments, but likewise where it may be done, dry and airy cells for each pri-foner to deep in, and two or more diftin# yards, for the confinement by day as well as night of prifoners of the following deferiptions, namely, debtors, accufed felons, comxBcd felons, inferior criminals, Separating the males frpm the females, and providing a diftin# room for King’s evidence, in each of which above mentioned yards if practicable, there (hall be placed a water pump, as alfo a neceffary houfe or privy to which the prifoners (hall have free accefs.

IV.	And whereas the gaols belonging to many counties are Situated in large cities or towns, or adjoin mg .thereto, and the courts and outlets thereof are very (mail, dofe, and confined, and thereby rendered very unhealthy from the im-poffibility of accommodating the unhappy perfons confined therein with a fufficicnt fupply of frefti air and other neceffary conveniencie9 ; be it ena#ed by the authority aforefaid. That the grand juries of all counties and counties of cities (after presentment made as aforefaid; (hall have full power and authority to buy or purchafe any houfes, buildings, lands,

tenements^

»

Digitized by 3( e

Sheriff may

The twenty-third and'twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

tenements, or hereditaments adjoining to fuch gaol or gaols for the purpofe of enlarging the fame, or the courts and outlets thereunto belonging, and to direft the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo purchafcd, to be conveyed to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid grand jury or grand juries (hall appoint, in trnft, and for the ufes and pur-pofes aforefaid, and to caufe fucb gaols and courts, and outlets to be enlarged therewith, and fuch houfes, buildings lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when inclofed ahd added thereto, (hall be deemed and taken to be a part of fucb gaols, and -to be a part of fuch county or county of a city, as the cafe (hall be, to all intents and purpofes.

V.	And be it -further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That whenever the (aid grand jury of a county, or county remove prifon-pf a city, (hall deem it nccefTary that the debtors, felons, er*t0^oufc of and other priToners (hall be removed, either for the purpofe during (hiding of repairing their old g3ol, or ufiog the materials thereof is or repairing, building a new gaol, on giving fufficient notice to the fheriff &c. as herein, pf fuch county or county of a city for the time being, k

(hall and may be lawful for the faid (hcriff to remove fuch debtors, felons, and other prifoners to ^he houfe of corre&ion belonging to fuch county or county of a city, or fuch other place or places as the faid grand jury or grand juries, with the content of the faid (herjff, (hall approve of, and confine them there during the time fuch new gaol (ball be building, or old gaol repairing, and that when any fuch gaol .(hall be made fet for the reception and (afe-jceepiag of fuch debtors, felons, and other prifoners, then it (hall be lawful for the faid Sheriff to remove thither all fuch debtors, felons, and other prifoners as (hall then be in his cuilody, and the expence of fuch removal or removals to and from fuch place or places of confinement and any expence the faid fiieriff may be put to for their fafe cuftody, in fuch houfe of correction or other place or places, (hall be allowed and paid by fuch county or county of a city, and fuch removal or removals (hall not be deemed or taken to be an efcape.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Jufticesap-That the faid grand jury or grand juries are hereby autho- painted by rized to nominate and appoint one or more jufticc or jukices

of the peace, of and for any fuch county or county of a ™ d city, whom they (hall deem mod proper to vifit and fuper- as herein. * intend the gaol thereunto belonging, and from time to time to make a report of the date thereof to the jufticcs of the quarter fefiions which (hall next happen after the rc(pc&ive fpring or fummer affixes, and the jufticcs at fuch fefiions are . hereby authorized and required upon fuch report to order and direCI any fiim or fums «sf money to be laid out upon the repair or repairs of fuch gaol, as they (hall deem requifite, qotwitbdandijig fuch want of repair (hall not have been pre-

fented

/

Digitized by LjOOq le

?refentments for faid por-pofe» rmifed aad accounted for.

No building, Ac. until plan and contra& agreed to, 6cc.

Corporation«, guardian j, Ac. may convey for enlarging gaols.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yean of George III.

Tented by the grand jury or grand juries at the aflizes ; pro. vided always. That the expences fo incurred, or to be incurred, Audi not exceed fifty pounds ; and if it (hall at any time happen that the faid jpolby any breach being made in the fame, from attempts of pnfoners to efcape, or other cafualties or accidents, (hall be rendered unfafe for the cuftody of the prifoners therein confined between the refpedive general af-fizea, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juftices fo appointed as aforefaid, to order the damages occalioncd there-by to be immediately fo repaired as may be neceflary and fuf-ficicnt for the fafe cuftody of fuch prifoners, and (hall re-port the fame to the next court of general quarter feffions te be held for fuch county or county of a city, which coart it hereby authorized to order the payment of fuch fum or films of money as (hall have been expended in fuch reparation or reparations, as alfo in providing proper beds and blankets, and dean ftraw for the prifoners as often as they (hall fee a neceffity for fo doings and the faid fum or fums of money fo expended, (hall be deemed and taken as a part of the faid fum of twenty pounds.

VII.	Aud in order to defray the expences of building, re-building, finiftiing, repairing, or enlarging the gaols of counties, aud counties of cities, and the buildings thereunto bdonging, and of purchafing houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and the expences neceflary for the execution of this ad ; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid grand jury or grand juries may, and (haH caufe to be prefented and raifed, fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be neceflary for all or any of the purpofcs aforefaid, in fuch manner and at fuch times as they (haH deem moft expedient, agreeable to the laws now in force for regulating prefentments by grand juries, and to be expended and accounted for agreeable to the fame.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it hereby ena&ed and declared, That nothing in this ad (hall extend to authorize the faid grand jury or grand juries to begin to build or rebuild any gaol or gaols, until the plan and contrads upon which the fame is -propofed to be built or rebuilt, (hall hate been previoufly agreed to, and approved of by the grand jury, which (hall meet at the next general aflizes to be held for fuch county, or county of a city.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and maybe lawful for all corporations aggregate, or foie, ecclcfiaftica), civil or eleemofynary, hu(bands, guardians, committees, ex-ecutqrs, adminiflrators, and all truftees whatsoever, not only on behalf of themfelves, but alfo on behalf of their cejtd ^ruftrufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other perfon or perfons under any disability

what foever, and alfo for all other perfons who arc, or (hall he

foiled,

Digitized by

Google

&he t&tnly third and twenty-fourth Tran of George IH.

feifed, poffeffed of, or interefted in any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which fh^ll be deemed neceflary, for the purpofes of this ad, to contract or agree for, fell, convey, and allure fuch houfcs, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, unto the perfon or perfons whom the grand jury or grand juries fhall nominate in truft, and for the ufes and purpofes of enlarging any fuch gaol, or the courts and outlets thereunto belonging, and all fuch contrafts, agreements, fales, conveyances and aflurances (hall be valid and'effeftuai in iaw, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, any lav^ liatute, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwith-Handing ; and all corporations and perfons fo agreeing or conveying, are hereby indemnified for what they fhall refpec-tively do by virtue of this aft.

X.	And be it further cnafted, That all furas of money which (hall be agreed to be paid to any corporations, hut- thcpurchafe bands, t'xfeeutor?; adminiftrators, guardians, committees, or money (if abova 'other truftees yrhatfoever, for or on behalf of any infants, lu- I00J-) *“ naticks, idcots, feme,r covert, or other cefiuique trufts, or to corporad* any other perfon or perfons whofe houfes, buddings, lands, onj 'tenements, and hereditaments fhall be limited in ftrift fettle-ment for the purchafe of any fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fhall in cafe fuch fums of money fhall exceed the fiim of one hundred pounds, be laid out by fuchcorpo-tations, hufbands, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees, or other truftees,' or any perfon or perfons feifed of fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements or hereditaments fo limited in ftrift fettlement, as foon as conveniently may be,

'in the purchafe of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, ih fee fimple, to be conveyed to, or jto the life of fuch corporations, hufbands, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees, or other truftees, and to and for fuch perfon or 'perfons, and for fuch' eftate and eftates, and to, for, and upon and fubjeft to'fuch ufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies as the hbufes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments for and in fefpeft whereof fuch purchafe money fhall be paid as afoirefaid, /hall Be limited, fettled, andaffured fct the time fuch purchafe or contraft fhall be made in manner •aforefaid, or fuch as (hall 'then be capable of taking effeft’, the charges of fuch conveyances aiid fettbments to be paid in the manner as the other expcnces of the gaol, and in the mean time, and until fnch purchafe or purchafes fhall be made, fuch money, whether the fame fhall or fhall not exceed the fum of one hundred pounds, fhall be laid out by fuch corporations, or other perfons for the time being intei^ elled therein, in fome government fecurities, in the names of two perfons, one to he nominated by the party or parties for <the time being intercfled therein, and the other by the refpec-»■’ *	tivc

Digitized by Google

Gaolers convicted of felling liquors fined

Grand jury to appoint fali-ries to gaoler* and afiiftants.

Not paid until complied with rules by

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George HI.

tive grand juries aforefaid, and the intereft arifing from fuch fecurities, (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons refpc&ive-lv, as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of (uch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in cafe the fame had not been fold, as would for the time being be intitled to the rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be purchafed, in cafe the fame were purchafed and fettled as aforefaid.

XI.	And whereas the effe&ually preventing gaolers, or their deputies, from felling beer, wine, ale, or fpirituous liquors of any fort to the prifoners confined in their refpeCtise gaols, may be a great means of preventing riots, drunkennefs, and other debaucheries, and preferring good order therein: be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time after the palling of this a&, any gaoler (haH be convi^ed of felling, either by wholefale or retail, beer, wine, ale, or fpi-rituous liquors of any fort, either by himfclf or deputy, qr by any perfon in trufl for him, or for his emolument, or under his authority or appointment, and (hall be thereof con-vi&ed before any judge of ailize, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, at the quarter-feflions thereof, that in all fuch cafes he (hall be fined a fum of fifty pounds, to be levied by fale or diilrefs of his goods and chatties, or im-prifoned till payment thereof, one half to be paid to the informer or perfon wbo (hall profecute fuch gaoler or gaolers to conviction, the other half to be paid to the foreman of fuch

Eind jury, to be by them difpofed in fuch manner as they 11 deem mod ufeful in providing neceflaries for the prisoners of fuch gaol, the gaoler whereof (hall be fo fined and convicted.

XU. And whereas it is expedient and neceflary, thal a# grand juries be empowered to appoint a competent and fuffi-cient (alary or allowance to the gaoler or his deputy, for the trouble and rifle of the execution of their office s. be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paf-fing of this aCt, all grand juries of counties, and of counties of cities, are hereby empowered and authorized, if they (lull think proper fo to do, to appoint fuch falaries and allowances to the (aid gaolers and their affiftants in their (cveral rcfpec-tive jurifdi&ions, and to alter the fame from time to time, as they (hall fee occafion,and to direCt fuch falaries and allow* ances to be paid by the treafurer of fuch county, or county of a city, all fuch falaries and allowances to be raifed by presentment, in fuch manner as other publick money is now raif* ed by law.

XIII. Provided always, That no gaoler (hall be intitled to receive fuch falary or allowance, unlefs he (hall firft prove, to the fatiefa&ion of the grand jury, that he h?s complied

with

Digitized by Google

The t<wcQtj~third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III;	317

with all and every of the different rules and regulations pre- A. D* feribed for the better regulating the gaols and pnfons 1783-4.. throughout this kingdom, and for the condud of the Chap. 41.

rlers thereof, by the different ads of the third, and ak

:he a<El of the feventeenth and eighteenth of his prefen t 3 0 3» c- 28. Se

XIV* And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That c Gaokr* to every gaoler (hall be, and is hereby required to provide him- have faid a£U felf with the faid recited ads, as alfo this prefent ad, and to and this, keep the fame ready to produce for the infpedicm of fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, or other perfon legally appointed to vifit or infped the management of any fuch gaol, or the coqdud of foch gaoler, under a penalty of live pounds, t# be recovered in the ufuai manner by civil bill, by any perfon whp (hall inform thereof*

XV.	Provided always, That nothing contained in this Gaolers not ad, (haU be deemed to releafe or exonerate any gaoler of releafed from a county, or county of a city, from any of the fines, pt-

nalties, or other punifhments impofed or appointed to be le-* vied by all or any of the (aid recited ads, for any mifde-meanor, negled of duty, or miCcondud, but that every fuch gaoler (had he liable to, and fubjed to the fame, as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes, as if this ad had not been made.

XVI. And whereas by feveral ftatutes no# in being, many	Petty offen-perfons having been charged with, or convided of petty fo hou?eoTlltC^ offences, are committed to the county or city gaol, under Corre&ioii.’ fentences and orders made by a juft ice or juftices of peace at

their feilions, or otherwife, in a fnmmary way, and not according to the courfe of common law : be it further enaded,

That it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice or juftices of peace, (6 authorized by the above mentioned ftatutes, to commit fuch perfons fo charged or convided before him or them, to imprifonment in the houfe of corredion within his or their junfdidion, in lieu of fuch county or city gad; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding*

XVII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That A jmbtick this ad (hall be taken and deemed to be a piibfick ad, and’

all judges, juftices, and other perfons, (hall take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the antho- Statutes re-rity aforefaid, That the feveral ftatutes now in force for the regulations of gaols, pnfons, and prifoners in this kingdom,' ^ altered. * * (hall in all things remain in full force, as if this ad had not

been made, unlefs fo far as the fame are altered or amended by this ad*

Majefty.

17 8e 18 G. 3. c. 18.

GHAP.

Digitized by

A. D.

>783-+-

A mended

3* G. 3 30. 33. 34 G. 3. 7*

The tvknty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of Georjje Ilf;

CHAP. XLII.

A St to further amend and explain ait Aft made in the Twelfth 7 ear of His prefent Majcfty's Reigfi, entitled, An Act for the making of narrow Reads througlrthe mountainous unimproved Parts of this Kingdom ; and alfo an Aft Mate in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Tears of his prejent Med jrftfs Reign, entitled. As A.I to amend an Aft pafjed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth ) ears $J bis prejent Majejtfs Reign, entitled, Ai Aft for amending the public Roads.

Addition to •11 affidavit* before presentment, Sec.

no money

granted Cor repair of road*, unleli a* herein, infteadof 17 Sc 18 O. 2. c. IS* i S.

WHEREAS the regulations rcfpe&ing the repair ot high roads have not been found fufficient: be it en-a&ed by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by thl authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, no money (hall be presented by the grand jury, of any county, for widening of any public road, unlefs 'there fhall be added to the affidavit now by law preferibed to be (worn by two credible perfons, before any money can be prefented for widening, the words following, viz. " and that no pari of " faid	perches	has	ever been widened by pnfint-

" ment to the width aforefaid to the befi of their belief and * knowledge and that no money fhali be paid on account of any preferment for the repair of ary road, unlefs there (hall be inferted in the affidavit to account for the fame the following w ords, viz. " and that no part of faid " percJxs were ever to the bejl of their belief and knowledge #i prefented by the grand jury, to be made of a greater width " than	jc?t”	which	blank (hall be filled with

the number of feet to the width of which the road is dated in the affidavit at the time of (wearing the fame; and that no money fhall be paid on account of any preferment, for the making of a new road, or repairing of an old road, unlefs there (hall be inferted in the affidavit to account for the fame, after the words drains or fences, the words following, viz. " and is fujficiently level for a carriage to pafs and repafs " throughout the wfsole of faid width, ar.d that there is a free "	f01"	*be	water	in	every	part of the fa d ditches and

" drains, and that every part of Use faid per cl '/ Jo prfenied " was fully and cjft dually made or repaired the cafe may "be) two days before the eommiffion day at this prefent affixes f which words are to ftand in the place of thole required by the aFt of the feventeenth and eighteenth of George the third, to be added to every affidavit for accounting for mosey expended in making or repairing the public roads.

2	And II*

1

Digitized by

Google

7'he twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George Ilf.	319

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That	A. D.

the grand jury of every county, may at any affizes, prefent	1783-4-

any fum of money to be railed off the county at large for	Chap.	42.

the purpofe of eroding walls, pails, or fences for the pro-	^

tedion of paffeiigers from dangerous precipices and quarry	C011017	pro-

holes, lying on the fide of any road, or for the purpofe of	for

preventing deep banks of earth from falling in upon a road,

upon an affidavit being made by two credible perfons, who can write and read, that the fame is to the bell of their be-\lief neccfiary, and the charge reafonable.

III.	And whereas the mifehievous pradice of pulling Polling dowa down the battlements of bridges, and fpoiling and defac- battlements, ing of other public works, has of late very much eccrtafed ; deftroymg mik-be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon nakJ*$iC

or perfons (hall wilfully pull down, or caufe to be takea away, any battlement, wall or mound built, ereded or repaired by presentment, or (hall wilfully break, deface, pull down, or take awdy any (tones thereout, or out of any court	'

houfe, gaol, bridge, pier or other work, built or repaired as aforefaid, or by any grant from parliament, or wilfuUy tear up, deface, break, pull down, deltroy, or carry away any mileftone, or finger pod, uulefs authorized fo to do, fuch perfon or perfons (hall for every fuch offence, on being confided thereof, on the view of any juflice of the peace of the faid county, chief magiftrate of a city, or town corporate, or his ad ing deputy, or upon the oath of one credible witnefs, be liable to a penalty of fuch fum not exceeding five pounds, as faid juftice of the peace, or chief magiftrate, or his ading deputy (hall think fit, one half to the informer, and one half to the poor houfe of the parifh, or county infirmary, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods; and if fuch fum cannot be levied, fuch perfon or persons fo offending, may be committed to the county gaol, or houfe of corredion, there to remain without bail or main-prize, till fuch fum (hall be paid, or for fuch time as the juftice of the peace, chief magiftrate, or his deputy, may judge proper, not exceeding three calendar months for the firft offence, fix for the fecond, and one year for the third.

IV.	And for the better preventing of fuch abides and the Grand jury maintenance of a good police : be it enaded by the authority may appoint aforefaid, That every grand jury may appoint four auditi- conftaolcs. onal fub-conftables in each barony, and may prefent at each

ailizes a fum not exceeding forty (hillings for each additional fub-conftable, to be raifed off the barony, and paid by	•

the treafurer of the county to every fuch fub-couftable aforefaid, on his producing a certificate from the clerk of the peace, of his having duly qualified according to law.

V. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

for county maps not above i5cK every S o.ooo acres, as herein.

Barony map, not above lot

Firft fcale adopted by alL

Tolls on waggon*, carts, flee, with 6 inch wheels, flee, as herein.

O. jury may appoint a fia* •rotary.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

V.	And whereas the fums which the feveTal grand juried have been by law impowered to prefent, for the purpofe of procuring accurate maps and furveys of their fefpcc-tive counties, have been found infufficient for faid purpofe: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the gTand jury of each county, at any aflizes, may prefent to be raifed on the county at large, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole, the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds for every fifty thoufand acres contained in (aid county, accoiding to the county books, or the ufual computation thereof, and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity, for the purpofe of obtainibg ah accurate furvey and map thereof} and that every fuch furvey when finifhed* (hall be depofited1 with, and kept by thetreafurer of faid county, amongft the records thereof; and that a copy of faid furvey and map (hall be put up, and kept conftantly during the affixes in the grand jury room of faid county.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That where any furvey of a county has been or (Hill be executed as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of fuch county, if they (hall think proper, to prefent a fum not excctding ten pounds, to be raifed off each bdrony, for the purpofe of protrading a feparate map of fuch barony from the laid county-map, blit to be executed on a fcale twice as great at the leaft.

VII.	Provided alfo, That whatever fcale may be agreed for the firft barony* (hall be adopted for each other barony in the faid county.

VIII.	And whereas the ufe of a broad tire, to wheel carriages fet on with fiat nails, mu(t greatly contribute to the prelervation of the publick roads: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the owner or driver of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the breadth thereof not being lefs than fix inches at the foal or bottom thereof, and the ltreaks fet on with flat headed nails, and the fore axle thereof being fo much longer or fhortcr than the hind axle that the wheels of fuch carriage (hall roll at lead ten inches of the road in breadth on each fide of fuch carriage, and the wheels being placed at fuch a difiance from each other, that the fpace between the middle of the one track made by the wheels of fuch carriage on the road, and the middle of the other track (hall not exceed fix feet, (hall not be obliged to pay more than two pence toll for any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, at any turnpike gate for palling through the fame, or any turnpike road in this kingdom on the fatne day, any thing to the Contrary notwit h (landing.

IT. Ana whereas the grand jiry of the feveral counties are by law empowered to grant the fom of five pounds at

each

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George llr.	321

each afllzes to their Secretary, but no provifion has been made A. D. for the appointment of fuch fecretary : be it ena&ed, That 1783-4. from the twenty fourth day of June next, every grand jury Chap. 42. at any affixes fhall have power to appoint a perfon who fhall	)

a61 as fecretary or clerk of the grand jury at the afllzes en-fuing.

X.	And to the end that the grand juries of the feveral coim- Affidavits for ties may be apprized of the fums demanded on the county prefentments, at large, and en the refpettive baronies, to be enabled there*	Wlth

by to regulate the grants of publick money, confident with ieCfeUr7> the ability of the county and baronies : be it enn&ed by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, all affidavits for preferments for making, widening, and repairing roads, building, or rebuilding or repairing gaols, feflion-houfes, bridges, pipes, gullets, arches, walls, or fences, fhall be lodged fix days at the leaft before the firft day of the af-fizes with the fecretary of the grand jury, at his office in the county town, who is hereby required to keep an office open from the hour of eleven till three in the afternoon in fuch county town, ten days at leaft previous to every afllzes, and to make fchcdules of fuch affidavits, diftinguifhing in fepa-fate fchedules the amount of the fumji (worn to in the laid affidavits, for the purpofc of being raifed on the county at large, and on each barony or half barony, and fpecifying the amount of the charge that the faid fums fo fworn to, for the purpofe of being raifed on the county at large, would, if pretented, occaflon on each barony or half barony, particularizing the charge from the preferments oa the barony or half barony, and the proportion of the fums to be raifed on the barony or half barony, anting from the charge on the	*

county at large; and the faid fecretary is hereby required to deliver fuch fchedules (numbering the affidavits in each fche-dule in arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one) to the foreman of the grand jury, on the day the grand jury fhallhe fworn, together with all the affidavits he has received 5 and he fhall likewife deliver a copy of fuch fchedules to the judge of aflize, and keep a third iq his office for the infpecb'on of the publick; which third fchedule lie is hereby directed and required to have ready for fuch inspection, four compleat days at leaft before the firft day of each afllzes refpe&mdy.

XT. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Numbered by faid, That the grand jury fhall number all fuch preferments grand jury, as they fhall make agreeable to the number in fuch fche dulcs; atid that no prefentment fhall be Hated in court, ^ c *	*

which fhall not be founded on an affidavit entered in fuch fchedules; and the grand juries of the feveral counties are hereby empowered to grant to their fecretary at each af-Vol. VII.	X



Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George Itt.

A. D. 1783.4. Chap. 42.

On oath of foJdrn damage

to bridge, &c. prcfcutmeut granted to repair, at afitzes

Tre.ifurer to tpportion as liluil in the ba.onit*, Sec. at herein

return,of rd! | rcki.toicmn f r 7 ytalt prior.

fixes, a fum of five pounds fterling, over and <ibove all fum# now allowable by law to be presented for fuch fecretary, upon his making affidavit before one of the judges of affize, that he has faithfully made fuch fchedules from all the affidavit* fo fent to, or delivered at his office; and that he has not entered therein ahy affidavit which was not delivered at his office fix days at lealt before the firft day of the prefent afir/.es.

XII.	Provided always, That if it fhall appear by the oaths of two credible perfons who can read and write, that any bridge, or part of a bridge, or pipe have been fo damaged by fudden accident within the fpace of fix days before, or during the fitting of any affizes, that it,isabfo-lutely tieceffitry to rebuild or repair the fame before the affixes after, that then, and in every fuch cafe* it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury to prefent fuch fum or fum*

1 r money as may be fufficicnt to rebuild or repair fuch bridge, or part of a bridge, or pipe, in like manner as if this ad had never been made. .

XlTI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That when the fecretary or clerk of the grand jury of each county fhall have made fuch fchedules, and totted up the amount of the films required on the feveral affidavits, to be raifed at fuch affixes on the baronies, half baronies, or county at large, the treafurer of each county is hereby required to apportion the fame according to theufual mode of affeffinent in tile rtfpedive baronies ; which apportionment, together with an. accurate copy of the preferments and ap-plotmeut of the fums granted at the preceding seizes, he ii to return to the foreman of the grand jury before two o’clock cf the day on which they fhall be fworn, or if fuch grand jury fhall be fworn in the afternoon, then before two o’clock on the following day ; and the feveral grand juries arc hereby empowered to grant a fum not exceeding five pound'*, at every 111 turner affixes to the treafurer, over and above what he may be otherwife intitlcd to by law, or the fum of fifteen pounds at every affixes in fuch counties where the grand juries are not now by law impowered to prefent a ban not exceeding twenty pounds yearly for the falaries of their refpedive treafurers on his making an affidavit of the fidelity and accuracy of fuch copy of the prefentments of 1 u:h preceding affixes, and of the apportionment of the fums fpeciiied in the feveral affidavits to be raifed, to the befl of his /ktD and abilities ; and provided that fuch treafurer (hall return to the foreman of the grand jury at the affixes preceding the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand fieven hundred and eighty live, an accurate and fair account in a book to be by him provided for that purpofe, of all the prefent-mciits of every kind whatsoever which had been made by any

fanner

. Digitized by

)ogle..

*Thc twenty-third and Wclnty-fourth tledrs of George IIL

Former grand juries, for feven ycar3 preceding, provided he has been fo long in office, or if he has not been fo long in office, then for the time he has.been fo, dillingu idling in feveral pnges the presentments on the county at large, and on the feveral baronies or half baronies at every affizcs* and fet-tinjr forth in feparate columns* the number annexed to each prefentmeot, in the preferment and quere book, the fums raifcd, the works for which the money was prefented, th? overfeers names} and in cafe of presentments for making, widening, or repairing of roads, the places to and from which laid roads lead, the number of perches prefented, and . the points between which faid perches are deicribed to lie, and the breadth of faid roads, as *fet forth in the refpedftivd affidavits, and fpecifyiug on the top of each column the matter it contains, and at the bottom of that column which con-v tains the fums, the amount thereof as prefented at every affixes refpe&ively.

XIV.	And to prevent any difference of opinion as to the Humber of feet contained in a perch ; be it enacted, That all meafurement of roads for the purpofe of grounding or accounting for preferments, (hail be by the perch of twenty one feet in length.

XV.	And whereas by the law now in force, no money is to he paid by the treafurer of any county on account of any preferment, unlefs the affidavit to account for the fame (hall oe fvvom before one of the judges of afli/.e* which occafions an unneceffaiy trouble and delay to the court: be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That wherever any affidavit is required by any law now in force to be fworn before the judge or judges of aflize for the purpofe of accounting for money prefented, any affidavit fworn in like form and manner before two juliices of the peace for the county (hall be as valid to all intents for the purpofe of accounting, and the perforl making the fame be liable to the fame penalties for Life r^rearing, as if the fame were fworn before the judge or judges of affize.

XVL And whereas there are feveral trafds of land in the counties of Wicklow, Antrim, Down, Fermanagh, city and county of Londonderry, counties of Tyrone, Monaghan* •Donegal, Wexford, Kilkenny, Mayo, Tipperary, Galway, Waterford and Kerry, through which a road of thirty feet in width cannot be made without a great and unncceffary expence to the barony* from the particular fituation and nature of the ground, though fuch part of the barony cannot with propriety be fworn to be in a mountainous unimproved Hate, as the affidavit now bylaw preferibed for narrow roads requires to fet forth ; be ft enaded by the authority afore* faid. That iu fuch circumftanccs, the grand jury of the faid X l	counties

3*3

A* D. 1783*4-

Chap. 4a.

A perch to be 21 feet.

Affidavit before 2 juft ice* for accounting, an valid as if before the judge.

Grand jury may prefent lor roads of fuch ■width as they think proper, not under feet.

3*4

A. D.

* 783-4-

Chip. 42.

Form of affidavit for grounding the preferment, fcc.



The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Teart of George III.

counties may prefent fuch road, or fo many perches of fuch road, to be made or repaired of fuch width as they (hall judge proper* not Ief3 than iixteen feet, and alfo a fum not exceeding one fhilling by the perch for fences thereto, if fuch road fhall be prefented as a new one.

XVII.	And that in the affidavit by law required for grounding the prefentment for the making of a new, or repairing of the old mountain road within laid counties, there (hall be inferted in the place of the words, 44 in a mountaio-otos unimproved part of faid barony,” the words following, viz. in a part of faid barony, Where from the fituation of the road, and the nature of the ground, the expence would be very great, and at the fame time unneceffary to make a wider road; and that in the affidavit for accounting for the fame the word 44 mountainous” may be omitted, and the word 44 narrow’” inferted in its (lead: be k enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the grand jury fhall have power to prefent at every aflizes on the county at large, any fum not exceeding forty (hillings for each county town, to be paid to a court-hotife keeper, whom they arc heieby authorized to appoint, and with whom the key of the court-houfe (hall be lodged : provided no fitch perfon fliall receive any money on the above account, unlefs he (hail appear to the grand jnry and judge of afiize, by affidavit fwom before one of the judges of affize by himfelf, of m cafe of his being fick, by fome credible perfon, who can read and write, that the faid keeper is and has been refident in the faid county town fince the Talk aflizes ; and that the greater number of the windows of the faid court-houfe have been open twenty four hours at leaf! in every week between fun rife and fun-fet fince the preceding aflizes, and that no perfon tvhatfoewer has beta permitted to make any ufe whatfoever of the faid court-houfe, fdve only for publick meetings ; and alfo any fum not exceeding thirty pounds to be raifed off the county at large for fitting up, furnifhing, and rendering more convenient the feve-ral grand jury rooms in this kingdom ; provided that no fuch fum fhall be prefented, unlefs it appears to the grand jury and judge of affize, by the affidavit of two credible periods, who can read and write, fwom before any two juflices of the peace for the county, or one of the judges of afiize, that the charge is reafonable, and cannot be effectually executed for a fmaller fum, and unlefs the fevefal articles of 'furniture fhall be fet forth in the body of the preferment; and that no money fhall be paid on aefcount of any fuch preferment, unlefs it fhall appear to the grand jury and judge of affize, by affidavit, fwom in like manner by one of the overfeers, that the work has been effectually executed, or the furniture provided, as the cafe may be, and that the 'Aim fo aeoouoftii fot'was adually expended therein.

I

XVUL And

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

XVIJI. And whereas the falary allowed by law to the treafurer of the county of Down, hath been found by experience to be much too fmall, the faid comity being of fuch large extent as to require a treafurer who is well experienced in accounts, and can give very good fecurity for the large fums which are necefTary to be railed in that county: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, the grand jury at the general affizes held for the laid couuty fliall have power, if they fee fit, to prefent in the ufual manner any ium not exceeding in the whole fixty pounds per annum, as a falary for the treafurer of the (aid county for the time being.

XIX.	And whereas the perfons with whom the grand juries are impowered to contract for the purpofe of keeping the publick roads in repair, have been found to negledt their duty, to the, great detriment of fuch roads, and additional cxpence of the county ; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That whenever any contract is entered into between the grand jury and the parties aforefaid, a bond (hall be executed by faid parties^for double the fum they are to receive by faid contract, conditioned for their well and duly fulfilling the fame ; which bond fliall be lodged in the treafurers hands, who is Hereby impowered on the failure of their contract to put fuch bond into immediate execution.

XX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all overfeers for making or repairing any canal, or making any river navigable, or improving the navigation of any river, or for building or repairing any court-houfe, felfioti-houfe or gad, (hall have all and fingular the fame powers of raifing and carrying away gravel, Hones, earth, or other materials for the ufe of fuch refpcciive works, as are given by the laws now in force to the overfeers of publick roads, and fub-je& to the fame regulations and rcflridVons*'

XXL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall wilfully, falfely, and corruptly take any oaths or affirmntions in purfuance of tins adt, and be thereof lawfully convi&ed by verdict, or upon his, her, or their coitfeifion, he, file, or they fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence, incur and fuffer fuch oe-a pains, and dilabilities as perfons convi&ed of wilfu land corrupt peijury are by any of the laws now of force in thi3 kingdom liable unto; or if any perfon or perfons fhall corruptly procure or fuboni any other perfon to lake fuch falfe oath or affirmation, and the perfon or perfons fo procuring or fuborning fliall be thereof convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confeflion, every perfou fo offending, tu-U, for tpvery fuch offence, incur and fuffer fuch penalties, forfeitures,

pains

6ol. f.U'ry for treafurer.

Bond by <QRtra£lois for double the fum.

Overfeers for canal, \’c. may raiie material*.

Falfe

ing jn;ni wilful

_H»****y Google

»

J26

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 42. L/-V-VJ

Grand jury may prefent for Harrow roads.

Juflice* may f*ini(h nui-laiuxs, ficc.

Grand jury (hall prrfcnt for repairing the loads herein.

Affidavits to

account for road through bi.£.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

pains and difabilities, as perfons convinc'd of fubornation of perjury are by any of the laws now of force in this king* dom liable unto.

XXli. And be it enaclcd by the authority aforefaid, That the grand jury of the county of Antrim, may, at the ailizes of faid county, prefent narrow roads agreeable to the ttmu. preferibed by this att, fivm one great road to another, or from any great road to Lotighncagh in faid county, if tlief (hall think proper fo to do.

XXIII. Be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tnat the jullices of the peace of the county of Antrim lhall have the like power to punilh for any nuifance on the roads of faid county by their view, as the jullices of the peace for the county of Down now have by law: provided that nothing in th’s act contained ihali he conllruetl to extend to the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin.

XXIV7. And whereas the tolls paid on the turnpike road In the county of Down, Lading from Bannbridge to Bdfall, arc found by experience not to be luflicient to keep the faid load in repair, and to pay the intcrcit due on the debentures granted by the truilees of the faid road, to Inch perfons a* have lent money for the purpefe of making the faidruad: and whereas doubts huvearifen among fcveral of the grar.d jury of $hc county of Down, whether they can by law pie-fent any fum or (urns of money at the a frizes held for faid County, in aid of faid tolls, for the purpoft* of keeping the faid road in repair : be it cna&cd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this act, the grand jury of the county of Down (hall have power, and are hereby required, at the refpcCtivc aflizis, to piefcnt in the fame manner as tl^ey are now' impowered, to prefent money for the repairs of any other road, fuch fum or lums of money as fhail appear to them neccfrary, in aid of the frfid tolls, for keep ing the faid turnpike road in repair.

XXV. Provided ncvcrthtliis, Thjt if it fhail be Rated in the affidavit to account for fueli money expended in making or repairing a road, that the fame is made or repaired (as the cafe pvay be) through a IvaCl i>f bog, that then the words “ and is fufficiently level for a carriage to pafs and repafs “ through the whole of laid width” m^y be omitted m fdch affidavit, to account, auv thiug herein contained to the Contrary notwithftandiug ; and that the words “ which “	perches	are made or repaired (as the cafe may be}

{hrppgh a trad! of Log/’ fhail be in fated in their place.

£H AR

Th? tivenly-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.

t

CHAP. XL III.

/fn A61 for the Relief of the Creditors of John Tunnadine ^ Efquire, late one of the Majlers of the High Court of Chan-eery in Ireland, and for vejling the EJlates, Real and Per-fonal of the faid John Tunnadine, in Commijfwners and Af fgnees for the Payment of his faid Creditors.

w

HEREAS John Tunnadine, late of the city of JohnTunna* Dublin, efquire, was in the year one thoufand «inc» m?" idred and fifty eight, appointed one of the mailers dedau-cd a hank^

liirrn rnnrt rir i namvrw in Irnl'inr1 in	...,1	k:.

feven hundred	_	__

of his Majefty’s high court of Chancery in Ireland, in which rupt, and his

office fie continued until the firft day of April, erne thou- eftates fuhject

land feven bundled and eighty-three: and whereas the faid

John Tunnadine, having had from time to time confiderable 1

mms of .money the property of the fuitors of the faid court

of Chancery depouted with him, was induced to lend the

fame to feveral perfons, who afterwards becante infolvent*

by which means and by incautioufly becoming fecurity, he

fuffered other Ioffes, and contra&cd feveral debts by moru

gages, judgments and other ways, and at length totally fafl-^

?d in his circumftances and credit: and whereas feveral, of the creditors of the faid John Tunnadine, whofe debts are . fecured by mortgages and judgments, have commenced fuits. qt law and in equity againIt him for recovery thereof, whereby it -is apprehended that his eftates and effe&s may be fold at a great under value by means whereof, and of the colls, and expcrtces that muft neceffarily attend fuch fuits, the hind for the relief of his creditors will be greatly 'diminilh-. ed, and as the faid mortgage and judgment creditors mull be paid off the full amount of their refpeclive debts in priority to the demands of the fuitors of the faid court of Chancery, whofe money he fo received, the fund which will be left to pay them will be alfo further confiderably diminifhed: and whereas the faid John Tunnadine is willing to fatisfy all* his creditors to the utmoft of his power, by applying all his-eftates real, freehold, ami pet fonal of wliat nature foever,. in fatisfa&ion of their debts, in fuch manner as herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacled by th? King’s moll ex«% cellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of thc4 lords fpiritual and temporal, and cpmmons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by t;he authority of the fame.

That the faid John Tunna(line fhall and may be deemed*, taken and confidered as a perfon within the intent and meaning of the feveral laws now in force in this kingdom to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, and that he the faid John Tunnadine (hall and is hereby declared to be, and to. intents and purpofes whatfoever, to have been a bank-.

rupt*

A. T>,

17^3-4-Chap. 43.

Commiffion

•f bankrujrtry iffued on afiU davit of a petitioning creditor of tool. debt.

Declared bankrupt at ift meeting without further proof.

Comm ifli oner*. creditors, and alliance* to proceed -s n caf( s of a trader becoming a bankrupt.

nipt from the twenty-fifth day of March, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-thtee, and that he and all and every part of his eftatc, real, and freehold and perfonal, {hall refpeftively be and are hereby declared to be fubjeet to the feveral provifions and refir iftio ns, and liable to the federal pains, penalties, difabilities and forfeitures by the faid laws enafted, refpefting the perfons and eflates of traders againft whom a comrrnfRon or coramiffions of bankrupt have iflued purfuant to the faid afts of Parliament refpeft-ing frauds committed by bankrupts, lave ouly as hereinafter excepted,

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the lord chancellor of Ireland, or the lord keeper or commiflioners for the cuflody of the great feal of Ireland, for the time being, upon application to be made to him or them upon the petition of any private creditor of the faid John Tunnadine, who {ball make affidavit before a mailer of the faid high court of Chancery', that one hundred pounds was due to him or her by the faid John Tunnadine, at the time of fuch application, {hall caufe a commiffion or coro-mifiions of bankruptcy to be fealcd and iflued forth againlt the faid John Tunnadine, as is ufual in the cafe of traders committing afts of bankruptcy, according to the faid laws now in force in this kingdom concerning bankrupts; and that the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, commiflioners of the great feal, for the time being, fhall have the like powers, and fhall in all refpefts aft and proceed againft the faid John Tunnadine, and his eftate and effefts as in the cafe of ordinary bankrupts.

III.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners to be named in fuch commiffion or com-millions refpeftively, and the fliajor part of them fhal) at their firfl meeting declare the faid John Tunnadine to be a bankrupt within the meaning of this aft without further proof.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners and private creditors of the faid John Tunnadine, as alfo the affignees herein after named, fir’ll in ?.tl refpefts whatever proceed to do and aft, (fa'T as herein after 'excepted) as if the faid John Tunnadine had been a trader and committed an aft of bankruptcy, and as if a commiffion of bankruptcy had iflued forth againft him, and that the faid feveral aftfc of Parliament now in force in this k'ngdotn to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, ihall in dl refpefts whatfoever fare as herein after mentioned, be binding and operate upon the faid John Tunnadine, bis eflate and effefts, and every part thereof, and alfo th«t the h'eirs, executory ndminillrators and afligns, and the crcdh* tors of the faid John Tunnadine, /ball be bouod thereby *>



Tfc twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George IlL

i*9

adl intents and purposes, as if he had been a trader within	A- D.

the true intent and meaning of the faid a£h of Parliament,	1783-4.

and that the faid commiflipncrs (hall fcverally take fuch oath Chap. 43* ais is prefcribed by the faid a&s to be taken t>y the com-mi (boners of bankrupts, and (hall in ail things *& in conformity to* and proceed with all fuch powers and ajithority of every kind whaifoever refpe&ing the faid John Tunnadine his eilate and clfe&s, and the discovery thereof, and all matters relative thereto as are purfued in ordinary commiflioas of bankrupt, and that the private creditors of the laid John Tunnadioe, (hall afcertain and prove their debts, and that the aflignees herein after named, (hall be intitled to have and fhall have fuch powers aud authorities as afiignecs, under comraiflions of bankruptcy ufually have; and that the faid commiflioners, creditors and aflignees (hall proceed and a€k in aU refpeds whatfoever refpeCting the real, freehold and perfonal eilate aipd effedls of the laid John Tunnadine, as commiflioners afTignees, and creditors of bankrupts under ' ordinary commiflions of bankruptcy ufually do, (ave as herein after excepted, and that the faid John Tunnadine, and his eilate and effe&s, fave as herein after excepted, (hall be in all refpe&s fuhje& to the faid law? concerning bankrupts, and the pains and penalties thereof; and that he (hall abb l>e entitled to the privileges, protections, alio wap ces and advantages thereof, to all intents and purpofes,. as if he had been a trader and committed acta of bankruptcy within the true intent of the faid laws concerning bankrupts.

V.	Provided always, aud be it further ena&ed by the HU wife’s authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall jointure by foc-afleet or he conftrued to affect in any manner the jointure of the wife of the faid John Tunnadine, to which (he is entitled out'of the eflate of her former hufband, but that (he may receive the Came free and clear of 41 charges whatsoever, for her maintenance. and fupport, any thing herds contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

. VI. And provided alwayB, and be it further ena&ed by Nor N the authority afbrefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall gage, judgment,

umuuiku irum, or ugainti me raiu /emu 1 uuuaouic, on or before the twenty-hfth day of March, in the year one thou-fand {even hundred and eighty-three, but that the fame together with aH intereft and colls due tliercon refpectively (ball be difeharged, according to their legal priority by the aflignees appointed under and by virtue of this act, in preference to the debts of the faid John Tunaadme of an inferior nature, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftauding.

2

VII. Provided

Digitized by

Google

33®

A. D.

* 7*3-4* Chap. 43.

Nor to afic£t a decree in Exchequer 7th Feb 1783, obtained by Mary Spencer.

Nor a decree by Thomas Weftropp, u Dec. 1783.

The twenty-thirdand twenty-fourth Tears of George IlfV.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall aflett or be deemed, confirmed, or taken to affect in any degree, impeach, delay, or invalidate the execution of a decree of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer in this kingdom of Ireland, pronounced on or about the feventh day of Fer bmary, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, in a caufe wherein Mary Spencer, widow, is plaintiff, and the (aid John Tunnadine and others are defendants, for the fore*, cloture of the equity of redemption, and fale of certain land* in the faid decree mentioned, in virtue of a mortgage of the faid lands therein mentioned, theretofore executed by the faid John Tunnadine, to the faid Mary Spencer, for and in con-fideration of the fum of money therein mentioned, but that the faid Mary Spencer, her executors, adminfttrators and afftgns, (hall be at full liberty to proceed thereon in fuch wile as to her or them fhall feem meet, and to have the ftifl/ effca and benefit of the faid fuit, decree, and all proceedings that have been already had, or hereafter fhall be had in. the faid caufe, as if this ad had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitb-ftanding ; it being the true intent and meaning of this ad*

’'that no matter, claim, cheum fiance or thing herein contained fhall in any rtfpe.M or degree whatfoever, leffen, impeach, delay or invalidate the fecurity or proceedings of the (aid Mary Sj>encer, for recovery of the faid mortgage debt and the interdl thereof/

VIII.	And provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall affed, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken tot affect, or in any degree to impeach, delay, or invalidate the execution of a decree of his Majefty’s faid court of Exchequer in this kingdom of Ireland, pronounced on the twelfth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-three, in 9 caufe wherein Thomas Weftropp, efquire, acting executor of John Weftropp, efquire, deceafed, is plaintiff, and the (aid John Tunnadine and others are defendants, for the foreclofure of the equity of redemption, and fale of certain lands in the faid decree mentioned, by virtue of a mortgage of the faid premiffe* theretofore executed by the faid John Tunnadine to the faid Thomas Weftropp, for and in con-fideratiou of the film of money or debt therein mentioned j hut that the faid Thomas Weftropp, his executors, admini-ftrators and afligns, (hall be at full liberty to proceed in the faid caufe, and on the faid decree in fuch wile as to him or them (hall feeni meet, and (hall have the fuU benefit and effect of the faid decree, and all neceffary proceedings that have been already had, or hereafter (hall be had refpeding the foreclofure of the faid mortgage and fale of the faid land* as if this a& had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding; k

being;

*The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yean of George III.

33*

being the true intent and meaning of this a£l that no matter, A. D. jL'ktim, cirppmftance, or thing heroin contained, (hall in any 1783-4. iefpc£t or degree whatfoever leften, impeach, or invalidate Chap. 43. the fccurity or proceedings of the laid Thomas Weftropp for the recovery of his laid mortgage debt, and the intereft thereof.

IX.	And provided always, Tiiat nothing herein contain- Norcredl-pd fhall affect, or be deemed, conltrued, or taken to affe&, ton, precccd-or in any degree impeach, delay, or invalidate any collate- mgagainft

. r /	^	r	f.	,	.	-	*:	.	T.	7	f	fecuritie* with

ral lecurity or iecuntics which has or have been entered j Xunnadine. into by any perfon Or per fops whatfoever tp any creditor oy crcditois of the faid John Tunnadine, jointly with him th^ faid John Tunnadine; but that fuch creditor or creditors of the laid John Tunnadine, as have any fuch fccurity or fecurities as lad aforementioned, (hall be at full liberty to proceed for the recovery of the money incuncd thereby rc-fpedtively, againft fuch perfon and perfons, his and their property or properties, as have fo joined in fccurity with the faid John Tunnadine as aforefaid, in fuch manner as tq fuch creditor or creditors (hall feem meet, at anytime he or they (hall or may think it expedient fo to do, any thing herein contained to tfie contrary thereof in any wife uotwith-ltanding ; it being the true intent and meaning of this ad, that no matter, claim, or th^ng herein contained, fhall in any refped or degree whatfoever lefTcn, impeach, delay, or invalidate the fccurity or proceedings of fuch of the laid creditors as have any fecurity or fecurities to them refpec-1 lively jointly with the faid Jbhn Tunnadine; provided that no more fhall be recovered by fuch creditor or creditors re-fpe&ively out of the efle&s of the faid John TunnacHoe, and from the faid perfons fo joined with him, than fhall become due* on the foot of their feveral and refpe&ivc fecurities for principal, intereft and cofls.

X.	And be it further ena&td by the authority aforefaid* gxpences of That the afhgnees fo appointed as aforefaid, or the majo- this ad firft rity of them, fhall by and out of the eftate or effe&s of the paid.

faid John Tunnadine, fo meant and iutended to be vefted in them as aforefaid, or by the monies to be raifed and produced by falc therof, or of a competent part thereof in the firlt place, and before any part of the faid eftate and dfe&s aforefaid, or the monies to be produced thereby, or by (ale thereof, fhall be applied to any other purpofe whatfoever, pay off, defray and difeharge all fuch colls, charges, and expenccs as fhall attend the applying for, pafling, and obtaining this a£l; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority afoiefaid. All eouvey-That from the time at.which it fhall or may be proved to *nre»byJ. Twin the fatisfaclioo of the faid commiffioners fo appointed as qadine» *

3	aforefaid.

Digitized by

Google

33*

A. D.

1783-4. Chap. 43,

Where full coufi deration not paid, the difference a lien •n the eftate.

Truftee for J. Tunnadine concealing cftvtc ficc*

TU twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III*

aforefaid, that the faid John Tunnadine was difmifTed from the faid employment of mafter in Chancery, all conveyances, alignments, or alienations by the faid John Tunnadine, made fiom and after faid time of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, offices, fees, kafes, goods or chatties, or transfer of his debts in his or in other perfon* names, unkfs the fame (hall have beeq fo purchafed, transferred, conven ed, or affigned for a full, real, and bona Juie eonfideration (lull be deemed and taken to be null and void, and of no whatfoever; and it (hall be lawful for the afltgnecs appointed by this a£, or the major part of them, to bargain and fell, grant, convey, and demife, or otherwife difpofc theicof, in as ample a manner, as if the faid debts bad remained in the name of the faid John Tunna-dine, and as if he or they had remained actually feifed or poifciTed of the like eftate or inheritance to his own ufe at liich time as the faid commiffion lhall iflue, and that every . fuch grant, bargain, fale, conveyance, and difpofition of the faid amgnecs, or the major part of them, (hall be good and available to all intents, conftrudlions, and purpofes in the law again it the faid John Tunnadine, and his heirs, executors, admin ill Tutors, and affigns, and againft all other per-? fons claiming by, from, or under the faid John Tunnadine, and fuch other perfon and perfons to whom fuch conveyance or conveyances, affignment, or alienation have been or (hall or may be made by the faid John Tunnadine, or by his meauf or procurement.

XII.	Provided always, That where any perfon (hall ap* pear to have paid any real valuable eonfideration, and the lame has not been a full, real, and bona Jide eonfideration for fuch (ale or transfer before the firft day pf February, in the year one thoufand (even hundred and eighty-four, fuch valuable eonfideration (hall be a hen and charge upon thf debt, eftate or effects for which the fame was fo given.

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-(aid, That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall have accepted of any truft or trufts for the benefit of the (aid John Tunnadine, and (hall wilfully and fraudulently conceal tie (arac, in order to prot^ft any eftate real or perfonal ot the feid John Tunnadine, or any part thereof, from his creditors, and ffiall nat within forty-two days next after the refpeflivc final examination of the feid John Tunnadioe, di£ cover and difclofe fuch truft or eftate to one or more of the commiffioners named in fuch comraiffions, or to one or more of the affignees of the refpe&ive eftates of the feid John Tunnadine, and likewife fubmit him, her, orthem-fclveB, to be examined by the faid commiffioners, and truly difeover the feme, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred

pounds

Not preclod-

The twentylhird etnd twenty-fourth Years of George III.

pounds of lawful money, and double the value of the eftate, real or perfonal, fo concealed by the faid truftce, to and for the life and benefit of the faid creditors, to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his Majelty’s tonrts of record in Dublin, in the name of the afiignee or aflignees under the Card refpective commiflioners, in which cafe full eolh (hall be allowed to either party.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid John Tunnadine (hall not edfrom certifi-be precluded from obtaining a certificate from his creditors, cate by gaming, and the commiffioners named in the faid commiflion or com- &c#

millions to be fued out againft him by reafon of his having Wt money at gaming, or of his not having kept accounts of the monies by him expended in the maintenance and clothing of himfelf and his family.

XV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That After earn cafe the faid eftate and effefts of the faid John Tunnadine peners of this fhall be more than fufficient to pay off and difeharge the mortgage cofts, charges, and expences of applying for, and paffing

this aft, and to pay off and difeharge the fufl amount of the plus to debts mortgage and judgment debts of the faid John Tunnadine, doe, Chancery and the interefl and cofts due thereon refpeftivdy, then, that the aftignees appointed under, and according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, or any two of them, (hall apply the fuiplus of the faid eftate and effefts, or erf the money produced thereby, to the payment of the debts now Remaining due of the faid John Tunnadine, to the fuitors of the faid court of Chancery, in confcquence of films <rf money depofited by the faid fuitors, or under orders of the find court, m the hands of the faid John Tunnadme, and alfo to die payment of other fimple contraft debts of the faid John Tunnadine, rateably, and m proportions; and if any fur-plus fhafl remain after payment of all fuch debts as afhrefaid, and the cofts thereof, the fame furplus fhall be paid to the faid John Tunnadine, his executors, adminfftrators, or af-figns.

XVI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, 'That Eftate* pur. in cafe it fhall appear on the examination of the faid John duffed withfoi-Tunnadine, or be otherwife proved to the fatisfaftion of the tor!?-2QIlC^ki comrniffidhers to be appointed under and by virtue df this

aft, ‘that any part of the eftate and effefts of the laid John * Tunnadine hath been acquired or purchafed by or wkhfbe monies or property of the fuitors of the faid court of Chan-eery, that then, and m fuch cafe, the fpecifick part df the find eftate or effefts fo purchafed, (hall be applied to the ufe of fuch fuitors, in luch manner as fhall be direfted by the fetd court; and alfo, that in cafe it fhall appear, or be prov*

•d as aforefaid, to the faid commiffionors, that die faid Jdhn Tontiadmc hath taken any fcciuiiy or fecurftics in his own

Digitized by

Google

and fecuritics taken, dec.

Receipts by t. Tnunadine, See. a fufficient dikbarge.

One sfcgnee named by LA. Chancellor, the other* to be T. Wcilrupp and A. Fitzgerald.

Real (ale*, mr executions ill Feb. 1784, not zfFettcd.

AptiblickaA,

it c.

tie iwejjf-ibtrJ and tTbcnly-fourih Tears of George Ilf;

nunc, or to himfdf, for any film or fuim of money, the property of the laid fuitors, or any of them, that then, and in fuch cafe or cafes, fuch fccurity or fecurities (hall be adjudged by the faid commtffioners to be no part of the dibtc or property of the faiV John Tunnadine, hut fliaH be deemed to have been originally parted and taken in trull for fuch fuitor or fuitors to whom the money, the confideration of fuch fecurity or fecurities, did originally l>clong, and (hall be given up and aligned to fuch fuitor and fuitors, or their reprefentativcs or amgnees, in fuch manner as (hall be on dered by the (aid court of Chancery, and (hall in no fort be liable to any of the debts of the faid John Tunnadine.

XVII.	And be it mailed by the authority aforefaid, T*hat any receipt or receipts executed by the faid John Tun-nadine, at any time before the palling of this ad, to any tenant or tenants of any part of his eitate or property, or to any other perfon or oerfous whatfoever who ilood indebted to him :he Urd John Tunnadine, on any other account whatsoever, Ihall be deemed, taken, and confidered as good and fufheient difeharges and acquittances in the law to the per-fon or perfon 0 to whom fuch receipt or receipts (liall have beta fo palled ; provided that the fame (hall have been fo parted for money really and truly paid without fraud or col-lufion by the perfon or perfons to whom fuch teceipt or receipts (hall have been fo executed to the faid John Tunna-diue as afo;cfaid, and not othei<vife ; any thing herein before to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by tbe authority aforefaid, That one of the artignees by anti Under thiaa& (hall be named and appointed by the lord chancellor, or the lord keeper, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland, for the time being, and that Thomas Wcdropp, with Auguftine Fitzgerald, efjuires, both of Newtown-Perry, Limerick, be the other awgnces Voder (aid commiflion 5 any tiling herein coutained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding.

XIX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall be confirmed to afFe& any fales really and bona fide had, or money levied under any execution ilTued by any real and bona fide creditor out of any of his Majelly’s courts of record in this kingdom, on or before the firft. February, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That this may be deemed and taken as a pub-lick a&, and as fuch pleaded and given in evidence in al]( courts of julHce in this kingdom, and that this a£l do pafs without the payment of fees, facing always to the King’s moft excellent Majedy, and to all bodies politick and corporate, and to all and every perfon and perfons, except the

Yhr twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	333

faid John Tunnadine, all fuch right, title, and iutereft both in law and equity, as they or any of them might have had in cafe this a£fc had never pafTed.

CHAP. XLIV..

An AS for the EreSing and Building of a new and convent- Amended *£ ent Gaol and Marjhalfea in the City of Limerick for the o. 3. 59. County, and County of the City of Limerick ; and to enable certain Trujlees or Commiffioners therein named) to purchafs Ground whereon to ereS and build the fame.

X17 H E REAS the prefent gaol and maWhalfea be-* \ longing to the county, and county of the city of Limerick is too narrow and ill contrived for the reception and fafe and convenient lodging of fuch felons, prifoners, or debtors as are or may be confined therein, and is now in a •very ruinous Hate : and whereas the iituation thereof is fo confined, that a healthful and convenient gaol and marflialfea cannot be ere&ed and built thereon: and whereas a more healthful and convenient piece of ground may be had in faid city for the purpofe aforefaid, provided that proper perform be legally empowered to treat for, and purchafe the fame 2 be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual aud temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the right reverend lord bifhop of Limerick, for the time being, the right honourable Edmond Sexton Pery, fpeaker of the houfe of commons, the honourable Hugh Mafiy, fir Henry Hartflongc, baronet, Thomas Smjth, efquire, the mayor and recorder of the city of Limerick for the time being, the right hon. Silver Oliver, Windham Quinn, efquire, of Adare, fir Richard Quinn of the fame, baronet, John Pigott, efquire, of Mount Pigott, Standifh Grady of Cappercullen, efquire, Edmond Henry Pery, of the city of Limerick, efquire, the colle&or of Limerick for the time being, Caleb Powell of the faid city, efquire, Standifh Grady of Elton, efquire, Thomas Wellropp of Ballyfteen, efquire, Ralph Weftropp, of Attyflin, efquire, Vere Hunt junior, of Currah, efquire, Robert Hunt of Inchiroork, efquire, Lancelot Hill, efquire, of the city of Limerick, reverend William Thomas Maunfell, archdeacon of Kildare, Richard Maunfell, of the city of Limerick, efquire, William Cabbet, of Carline, efquire, Walter Widendham, efquire, Eaton Maunfell, efquire, John Croker, efquire, Robe^ Villers, efquire, of Kilpeaken, Edward Croker, of Bal-linagard, reverend Charles Smyth, of Croah, reverend Thomas Grady, John Dowdall Hammond, of the city of Limerick, efquire, reverend John Seymour, of faid city,

reverend

Crnnmiffion^

ers appointed for pnrehafing gronnd for a new gaol and marflialfea in Limerick, See* as herein.

Digitized by

Google,

The twentj-thirdandtwenty-fourth Tears of George Ttl.

A. D. reverend Henry Ingram, of faid city, and William Fitzg*-1783-4. faid, of Billinard, fha!l be appointed commiflioners for the

Chap. 44. purpofe of purebafing a convenient and proper piece of ground whereon to( ercA and build (aid gaol and marfhalfea, and when the fame fhall be compleated and built for the purpofe of difpofing of the piece or plot of ground whereon the prefent gaol Hands, and all the materials thereof towards defraying the expence which' (hall be incurred, by ere&ing and building the faid new intended gaol and marfhalfea.

5 commiffi- II. And whereas upon infpcAion being lately made by the Principal inhabitants of the faid city of L»-July 1784, to mcrick, it has been found that a certain piece of ground contra# for nearly adjoining to the river Shannon, in an open, he*!th-grovnd, £cc. fuJf and convenient part of faid city, can be reaConabiy purchafed and applied to the purpofe afore faid, which faid piece of ground by a furvey thereof lately made, has been found to contain about two hundred feet in front to faid river, and about two hundred feet in depth, be the fame more or tefs: be it therefore enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners aforefaid, or any five or more of them, (hall and may meet and aflemble themfelve* at the Tholfel of the city of Limerick, on the firft Tue£day in the month of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and afterwards at fuch times, and at fuch places in the faid city of Limerick as they fhall from time to time think proper; and alfo, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners or any five or more of them, to contra61 and agree with the owners, leflees, and occupiers of, and all other perfons interefled in fuch houfes, tenements, edifices, creAions, and buildings now Handing, or being on the faid piece of ground, or contiguous or adjoining thereto, and which they fhall judge ne-ceflary to be taken down and removed for the purpofe of clearing the foundation, and giving a reasonable and proper extent and area for the building of faid gaol and marfhalfea for the abfojute purchafe of the fame, and from time to time to defign, affign, and lay out how and in what manner* and with what materials the faid gaol or marfhalfea fhall be ereAed and built, and how the fame and tbc laid buildings may and fhall from time to time be preferved and kept i» good repair and order, and to make contrails, and to do aU other matters and things requifite for carrying on, and cffeAing the purpofes direAed by this aA to be done, and. for caufing the fame to be effeAually perfeAcd as to them (hall feem meet.

Site and ma- III. And be it further enaAed by the authority afpro-terials of old f^d, That the fite or ground on which the prefent gaol or SiemVCacc.1as ®ar^^ea Hands, and all timber, Hones, bricks, tiles, htrtia.	dates, planks, iron, lead, glafs, and all other materials be-

lpngin£ or appertaining to the fame, fhall be and the fame

,	are

%

The Huentj-tbird and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.’'

,	i

arc hereby vetted in the faid commWoneriji ted the (aid commiffioners are heneby required \Vheafoever the kid pre-fent gaol or marfhalfea. frail be taken down, to ctufe fuch timber, (tones, bricks, tiledf dates, planks, iron, lc&d* glafs, and other materials, as the fame is oompofed of, and *lfo the ground whereon the fame (lands, to be difpofed of far the beft price that can be had for the fame, and tp apply the net produce thereof towards defraying the expence that (had be bcurred by. tfrc&ipg the faid nefc* intended gaol and jnarfralfea, and purebaffing the ground whereon the fame ist to be erected and built.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-,

laid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick and corporate, trupees, guardians of infadts, committees of lunaticks, and idiots, femes covert with their huf-bands, and all other persons whatfomrer, who.are car (hall be feized or pofleffed o£, or inte retted in any houfea, buildings, or grounds, which by the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, frail be thought needfary to be purchafed for any of the purpof^s of this aft, by deeds indented and enrolled, to fcH and convey allot any fnchhoufes, building, or ground, or any part thereof, to the faid Comnriffioncrs ; pod that all con trafts, agreements, bargains, fales, ted conveyances which (hall be fo rtiadc .by foch perfons as aforefakl, (hall be gbod and valid in * law; to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.	<	1	»	1

V.	Atad be it further enafted by the authority: aforefasd* That if any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate^ pr other perfon or perfbrts having or dai&iiag any eftate, tittle, term, or interdl in fuch houfes, buildings* or ground is aforefaid, (hall refute to agree With the (aid cOiranifTiomers, or any five or more of them, for the fide jaod conveyance of* their refpeftive rights, titles* terhis, and intcrefts therein* or (hall not produce or evince a dear title to fuch eftate^, right, title, term, ir intereft as they dai.nft, to the fatisfac-tion.of the faid commrilianers, or any five or more of them-, then and in fuch cafe it frail and may be lawful to and for the kid commiffioners, or any five or mote of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to iffije a wan-rant or warrants, precept or- precepts, direfted to the (he* riife of the city of Limerick, who are hereby authorised, direfted, and required accordingly to knpannel and return a competent number of fubttantial perfons qualified to ferveon juries, not lefs than thirty-fix, nor more than fixty, out of which perfons fo to be impannetted, fumraoned, and returned, a jury of twelve perfons (hall be drawn by fome perfon, to b« by the faid commiffioners, or any five ot* more of them, appointed in fuch manner as juries for the trials of ifiues joined in his Majefty’s four courts at Dublin,

Yqm .	V	h*

Bodies politick, &c may convey to faid commiffioners for purpofc* herein.

On refnfhl to fell and convey,, or where a want of title,

on w.arrant from 5 commiffioners, fheriff fhall return a panqel, adhere*, in,

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George 111.

by an aft made in the twenty-ninth year of hi* late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, jin aft for the better re-gviating juries, are direfted to be drawn ; which perfom fa to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned as aforeCaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid com-miffioners, or any live or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or warrants, precept or precept^ /hall be direfted and appointed, and to attend the faid com* miffioners, ’till difeharged by the faid commiflioners, and all parties concerned (hall and may have their lawful challenges againft any of the faid jury men, but fhall not be at liberty to challenge the array ; and the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by precept or precepts, from time to time as occasion fhall require, to call before them all and every perfbn and perfons whatfoever who fhall be thought proper or ne-ceflary to be examined as witneffes before them on their oath or oaths, touching or concerning the premiffes, and fhall have power to adjourn fuch meeting from day to day as oc-cafion fhall require, and to command fuejt jury, witneffes, and parties to attend, until fuch affairs for which they were fummoned fhall be concluded, and the faid jury fhall,, upon their oaths (which oaths, as alfo the oaths to'fuch perfon or perfons a* fhall be called upon to give evidence, the faid commiflioners, or any fiye or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to adminiffer,) fhall enquire of the value of fiich houfes, buildings, and edifices, and of the refpeftfve eftate, right, title, term, and intereft, of every perfon qr perfons feized or pofleffed thereof, or intcrefied therein, pr of or in any part thereof, and fhall afTefa or award fum or fums to be paid to every fuch perfon or j^d^ic.'' perfons for the purchafe of fuch their refpeftive eftates, herein, rights, titles, terms, and intereftg ; and the faid commif-fioners, or any five or more of them, fhall and may gnt .	judgment	for fuch fum and fums of money fo to be aflefltd j

which faid verdift or verdifts, and the faid judgment, dc-•	cree,	or determination thereupon, (notice in writing being

given to the perfon or perfons intereffed, at > lead fourteen days before the time of the firfa meeting of the faid jury, declaring the time and place of fuch meeting of the faid commiflioners and jury, by leaving fuch notice at the dwel-ling-houfe of inch petfon or perfons, or at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, or with fome tenant or occupier of the houfes, buildings, or ground intended to be valued or afTefled, in cafe fuch party cannot be found out in t	the	city of Limerick, to be ferved with fitch notice) fhall

be binding and condufive, to all intents and purpofes wbat-foever, againff all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, claiming any effate, right, title, trull,

^ mfc,

and find ver. f#r fums

The tvoznty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George I FI.

life, or intereft, into or out of the faid houfes, buildings, grounds and premiAes, either in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expe&ancy^ and againft infants, Innaticks, idiots, and ferns covert, and perfons under any other legal incapacity or difabiKty, his, her, or their heirs, fucceffors, executors, and adminiftrators, and again ft all other perlbns whomfo-over; which faid verdi&s, judgments, and decrees, and all p™«cd’mr* another proceedings of the faid commiffioners and jury, to ^	heSn

made, given, and pronounced as aforefaid, (hall be fairly1 written on parchment, and figned and fealed by the major part of the (aid commiffioners who were prtfent at and;pro* nounced fuch judgments and decrees, and all verdifls, judgments, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid commiffioners and juries, (hall be entered in the rolls office of • his Majefty’s high court of chancery, and the fame, or true copies thereof, (hall be deemed and taken to be good evi* dence thereof in any court of law or equity vvhatfoevcr.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Qn payment That upon payment of fuch fum and fums of money fo to of fums fo he awarded and adjudged, the'perfon or perfons to whom the awarded, con-fame (hall be awarded for the purchafe of the faid houfes, vcya«ce* made buildings, or ground, or for the purchafe of any eftate^ ers^ °^" right, title, term, or intereft therein, (hall make and herein, execute, or piocure to be made and executed, conveyances by way of deeds of bargain and fales, or alignment, or other-wife, to fhe faid commiffioners of the faid noufes, buildings, . or grounds, or of fuch eftate, right, title, term, or intereft for which fuch fum or fums of money (hall be fo awarded ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums (hall be awarde^ as aforefaid, (hall not be able to evince their title to the-premifles to the faid commiffioners, and to make or procure to be made good, valid and legal conveyances thereof to the faid commiffioners or (hall refufe fo to do, being thereunto required, and fuch fum or fums fo affefied and awarded as aforefaid being tendered to be paid to him, her or them, on their making fuch title, and executing or prq^ curing to be executed fuch conveyances, alignments and afiurances as aforefaid, or 'in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or films of money (hall be awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found in the faid city, or in cafe by ■ reafoo of difputes and differences, or for defeat of evidence, it (hall not appear to the faid commiffioners what perfon or perfons is or are intitled to the prcmiffe9 in queftion, then and in every fuch cafe as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any live or more of them, to pay into and depqlit into the Batik of Ireland, the faid fum or fums fo affeffed or awarded, as the value of, and purchafe money for the faid houfes, buildings, and ground ; and his Majefty's high court of chancery in this kingdom is hereby Y 2	empowered

359 A . D.

1783-4-

Chap. ^4.



♦

Digitized by

Gpogle

Tie twenty-third mm! twenty fourth Tears of George IIL

empowered in a luminary way, upon the feveral petition* of the refpe&ive parties, to hear, judge of, and determine, as well by examination of witnefTes upon oath, as by alt other ways and means which the laid court (hall judge proper* the feveral rights, claims, and demands of all perfons inter-cited in or upon the feveral houfes, buildings and ground that fhall be valued, and to afeertain and make orders for the payment unto fuch perfon and perfons refpe&ivcly, according to their feveral interefts, fuch fhare and proportion pf fuch purchafe money as the laid court of chancery (ball judge fit, which judgment in fuch cafe fhall be final and con-dulive, and immediately upon fuch payments, and entry of fuch verdicts, judgments, fentences, decrees, orders and o-ther proceedings of the (aid comimflioners and juries as afore-, laid, all the ellate, fight, title, term, intereft, ufc, truft^ property, claim, and demand in law and equity of the perfon or perfons for whofe ufe fuch money (hall he paid as afore-fipd, into and* out of the faid houfes, buildings, grounds, and premises, fhall veil in the faid commiffioners, and they (hall be deemed in law to be in the adtual pofTeffion thereof to all intents and.purpofes whatfoever.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

ance of feme co- laid, That in cafe any feme covert is or fhall be feixed in fee ta1 cc or^r'a	^mP^e> or *n ta^ °f an7 foch hnds, tenements, or heredi-

rattHmcrelT" taments fo to be purchafed as aforefaid by the hid commif-purchafe money li.oners, or o£ any intereft in the fame to her feparate ufe^ rc-invefted to ' free from the controul or intermeddling of her hulband, the

purchafe. money arifing from the fale of fuch ellate or inhered of fuch feme covert on the conveyance of fuch eftate or intereft to the faid commilfioners, (hall be paid to fuch perfon-or perfons as (he fhall in writing under her hand nominate to receive the fame in tcuft, to.be rein veiled in lands, tenements, or hereditaments to be conveyed as aforefaid, and fettled for fuch yfe, ellate, and intereft as the fame femc covert had in the pretmfTcs fo purchafed' by the fpid commif* goners.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That the conveyance of any eftatc^or intereft to the faid com-

s a» miffioners by bargain and fale, and enrolled in the rolls office * H»c his Majelly’s high coui*t of chancery of Ireland, within fix months after the making thereof, (hall as effe&ually and absolutely convey the eftate of. the perfon fo conveying, as any fine or recovery would or cquld do, if levied or futferedthereof in due form of law.

Tenant at will IX. And b$ it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, 9r yearly lcflec, That all and every tenant at will, or leflee for a year, or ^offelfioLTn ^rom ycar to year only, in pofTeffion of any fuch houfes, build-Jender ^months fog** or grounds,, or any part thereof, which fhall be pur-rent. &c. as chafed by the faid cofomiflipflers.aforefaid, fhall deliver, up.

On convcy-

(awcufe.

Bargain and

fclc in rolled in 6 months as effectual recovery

herein.

the.

The fnventy^tlArd dnd twenty fourth Tears of George III.

the pofleflion of fuch premifTes immediately to the faid com-miffiooers, or to fuch perfons as the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them (Kail appoint, to take pofleflion ’of the . fame, in cafe the faid commiflioners, or any five or ^aore of them, or fuch perfon authorized by them, fhall pay, or tender to him, her, or them, fix months rent of thcTaid premifles; or in. cafe the faid commiflioners, or any five or inpre of them, fhall give him, her, or them fix months no-tic?, to quit fuch pofleflion, then fuch perfon or perfons In pofieflion fhall, at the end of the faid fix months, or as foon after as he, (he, or they fhall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver tip the pofleflion of the faid premifTes to the laid commiflioners, or any perfon or perfons authorized by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, to take pofleflion thereof; and that in cafe any fuch perferti or perfons in -pofleflion as aforefaid, fhall refufe to give fuch pofleflion as aforefaid, then it fhaH and may be lawful to and tor the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them,	#

as aforefaid, to iflue their precept or precepts to the fheriffa 'of the laid city to deliver pofleflion of the premifTes to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall in fuch precept or precepts be nominated to receive the fame; and the faid fheriffs are hereby Teqpired to deliver foch pofleflion of the faid premifTes accordingly, and to levy fach cofts as fhall accrue from the iffuing and executing of fuch precept or precepts on the p£r-fon or perfotis fo refufing to give pofleflion as aforefaid, by diftrefs and fale of his, her, or their goods.

X.	And be it enaded by the. authority aforefaid. That Moneyetpend->11 Turns of money, or other confidevation, recompence, or «1 by commif-fatisfa&ion to be paid and made purfuant to any fuch agree- o^oaey ment or verdid as aforefaid, and all fuch cofts and charges Ceived«

as fhall be expended in obtaining and pafling this-ad; and alfo all fuch cofts, charges, and expences as the faid com? miflioners, or any of them, (ball be at or put to in the execution of the trufts and powers hereby veiled in them, {hall be paid out of fuch monies as the faid commiflioners," or any five or more of them, fhall receive for the purpofes of this ad.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Comm!flmn$ri That it fhall aud may be lawful to and for the faid commif- may fin-fheriffs, fioners, or any five or more of them, as aforefaid, from time

to time, to impofe any reafonable fine, not exceeding the Qf duty not fom of ten pounds, on any fheriff or fheriffs, or their depu- above 5I. ty or deputies^ bailiffs or agents refpe&ively, who fhall make any default in the premifTes, and on any perfon or perfons * who fhall be furamoned and returned on any fuch jury or juries, who fhall not appear, and alfo on any witnefs or %witnefles who fhall not attend, or fhall refufe to be fwom jot to give evidence to the faid commiflioners, and on any #	perfaji

FiVc comrrif-

a'nl civile, fee. 4* itclcili.

The tiverrtydhird and twenty-fourth Tears of Gedrge III*

perfon or perfons fommoned and returned on fuch jury of juries, who fhall refufe to be fwom on any fuch jury or juries, or to give his or their verdift, or fhall in other manner wilfully negleft his or their duty in or touching the premif-fes, or from time to time to levy fuch fine or fines by ordef rf the faid domrhiffioners, or any Uve or more of them, as aforefaid, as the cafe may require, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, together with the feafonable charges of t*very fuch dill refs and fale, returning the overplus, if any be, to the owner; and all fuch fines which fhall be fo recovered and received, fhall be applied towards the pur-pofes of this aft;

XIT. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-fi rdcirayap- faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid I oim he durcr commifiioners, and any five or more of them, at any time 6r times hereafter, by writing under their hands and feals, to nominate and appoint fuefi perfon to be treafurex' and clerk, as the}' fhall think fit, for receiving and paying the monies to be received and paid irt purfuance of the faid aft, and for other afts a3 may be neceffary to be done in the execution of the powers 3nd authorities hereby given to the faid commifiioners, which treafurer and clerk fhall from time to time be removable at the will and pleafure of the faid conmuflioners, or any five or more of them, by inftrument fn writing, under their hands and feals J and that the faid kommi(Turners, or any five or more of them, fhall and may pivake fyclkaliowance or falary unto fuch treafurer and clert to be employed by and under the faid commifiioners, for their care and pains in the execution of his faid office or offices, aa the faid commifiioners or any five or more of them fhall think feafonable, fo as fuch allowance or falary do itot exceed the fum of forty pounds by the year, dnd the faid treafurer and tlerk, fhall upon oath, if required, give in a true, exaft, and perfeft account in writing, Under his hand from time to time, of all monies which he fhall have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this aft, or by teafon of his faid office or offices, which oath the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to adfninifter.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-mifTioftrrsonvu- faid, That for the fupplying and continuing a fufficient num-ciuicyrr) appoint fo,. 0f flt antj able perfons to be commifiioners for putting . ith like •	   a	.—./I.	___m'____i

$utviving com

pH

poWtrs.

in execution the powers and trulls contained in this aft, when any of the faid commifiionars fiiall die, or refufe to aft, the furviving artd remaining commiffioners, *or any five ot more of them, (hall by iuflrument in writing under their hands and feals, from time to time, nominate ftnd appoint 111 the room of fudi commiflioner or commifiioners fo dyings t>r refilling to acf, fb many more fit arable perfons in the* rticm of ftfdi perfons as fhall refufe to aft, or happen to die;

;	*	i	a*4

*The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of (Jcorge Ilf*

■aid every new commiflioner fo to be eleded, nominated* and appointed, (hall have full power and authority to ad and to do in all things relating to the premifles, in as full* large* and ample manner, to sdl intents and purpofes, as any of the commiflioners hereby nominated and appointed.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afote-faidft That if any a&ion (hall be brought, or fuit commenced againli any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfu-ance of this ad, or in relation to the premifles, every fuch ad ion or fuit (hall be brought within fix months next after the fad done, and (hall be laid in the county of the city of Limerick, aud not elfewhere; and the defendant or diefendaskts in fuch adion may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter therein contained, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon j and if a verdid (hall be given for the defendant in fuch adion, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nan-fuited* or fuffer a difeontinu-ance of his, her, or their adion or adions, or if upon deni uiTer judgment (hall be given againd the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have ,double cods.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That* this ad (hall be a publick ad, and (hall be deenu cd and taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juflices, and others in all courts and places without pleading the fame;

Suits for a&ing under this a«St, commenced in ’ 6 months,laid xrf' co. of city ©f Limerick, &c. as herein.

A publick

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for the more eafy Difcovery and effectual Puni/hmeni of Buyers and Receivers of Stolen Goods.

r HERE AS the pernicious pridices of buying and Buyers or (elicit

reaion <

the fame, and of the infufficiency of the laws now in being for the punifhment of fdch offenders in certain cafes: be it 25 an acceflafy therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by “tcr “c “*** .and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled*	,

and by the authority of the fame. That from and aftet the firft day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, no buyer or receiver of dolen goods, Rowing the fame to have been dolen, (hall be deprived of the benefit of his or her clergy as an acceffary after the fad, notwithdanding notwithftand-

any thing contained in an ^d paffed in this kingdom in the ,nS

ninth year of the reign of her late Majcity, QUeen Anne, entitled* An a8 for taking away the beheft of clergy in certain cafes, am? taking. away the book in all cafes, and for repealing part of the Jlatute for tvanfporting felons, or* in any Other ad or (latute heretofore enaded in this kingdom ; and

from

Digitized by

sy Google

— ^

r

Buyer* of ftojeo poods know-“‘g1*	•

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Yeats efiScxirge tit.

from the day lad mentioned, all buyer* and- Teen: vcrsof ftoleo goods, .knowing- them to have been (Volcn, fhall heteafterbe tried and puniihed irt the manner pneferibed by the fevers! other ftatutes now in force in this kingdom made for thd trial and punifhment of fuch offenders, and purfuant to the feveral provifions herein after made.

1J. And be it ena&edv That from and after the (Said firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eightydbur, in all cafes whatfoever where any goods or chattels fhall have been felonioufly taken or ftoien, whether the offence of the perfon or perfons fc> taking or ffealing the fame, fhaD amount to grand larceny? or fome greater offence, or to petit larceny only (except the perfon or perfons a&ually committing the felony fhall have been already convi&ed of grand larceny, or fome greater offence) every perfon who fhall bay or receive'any fuch goods and chattel* knowing the fame to have been fo taken or ftoien, (hall be held and deemed guilty of and he profecuted for a mildemeanour, and (half be pu» nifhed by fine, imprifonment, or whipping, at the court or quarter fefftons, who are hereby impowered to try fucb offenders, or at any other court before which he, (he, or they fhall he tried, fhall think fit to infli&, although the prince pal felon or felons be not befoc* convi&ed of the (aid felony, awl whether hq, fhc, of they is or are amenable tojufi tice or not, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithiland-ing; and in cafes where the felony a&ually committed fhall amount to grdhd larceny, or to fome greater offence, and where the perfon or perfons a&ually committing fuch felony, fhall not be before convicted, fuch offender or offenders fhall be exempted front being punifhed as acceffory or acceffories if fuch principal felon Or felon* fhall be afterwards con-vided.

IN. And be ft further enabled by the authority afovefud, That it fttal! and may be lawful for any one juft ice of the peace, upon complaint made before him Upon oath, that that ftblcn^ ood* by ls rcafon t0 ftifpcft that ftoien-, goods are knowingly conceal-day, Stc.as	ed in any dweitrng-hoi/fe, out-houfe, offices, garden, yard,

herein.	crofts or other place or places by warrant under his hand

arid feal, to caufe every fuch dwelling hotife, out-houfe, gar-den, yard, croft£ or other place or places to be fetrohed in the day time, itid the perfon and perfon* knowingly concealing the faid ftoien goods, or any part thereof, oi* in whole cuftody the fame, or any part thereof, fhall be found, W, fhe, or they being privy thereto fhall be deemed and held guilty of a mifdemeanour, and fhall and may be brought before any juft ice of the peace for the County, xity, town corporate, liberty, or place, and made amenable to anfwcr the fame by like warrant of any fuch jufticc, and being thereof

convicted

profecuted for mildemeanour and punifhed,

although principal not contrived, See.

t)fte jnftfce, on oarh niiy grant warrant ter fearch tor

The t'toenty-third and (<wenty-fourtb tears of Ocorge 111.	345

' tonvi&ed by due courfe of law (hall be piufrifhable id the A* D. taanner aforefaid.	^ 1783-4.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Chap. 4 j. That every conftable in every county, city, town corporate,

liberty, or other place where there (hall be officer*, and Conft -xc. every beadle within his ward, parifh, or diftrift, and every °n duty may watchman, during fuch time only as he is on duty, (hall and p^Jd of may apprehend and caufe to be apprehended all and every Lg ftolen goods fuclrperfott and perlons who may reafonably be Tufpected after lun fet,

having or carrying, or any ways conveying at any time dtc. as ha-do* after fun-fetting and before fun-rifing, any goods or chatties fufpe&cd to be ftolen, and the fame, together with fuch petfon or perfons, a9 foon as conveniently may be, to ton-vey or carry before any joftice of the peace for the county, city* town corporate, liberty, or plade aforefaid^ to be dealt with ‘according to law; and fuch perfon and perfons fo carrying or conveying fuch goods or chatties, knowing the' fame to have been ftolen, and being convicted thereof by doe courfe of law, (hall be deemed and held to be guilty of & mifdemeauor, and on conviction as aforefaid, {hall be impri-foped for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lefs than three calendar months.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Perfonsofler-That every perfon to whom any goods or chatties which have ing to file. Sec. been felonioufly ftolen or taken, fhall be brought and of- good% fufpe^td fcred to be fold, pawned, or delivered, fhall, and is hereby ^ broughtTS-impowered and required (there being reafonable caufe to fore a jattice. fttfpe& that fuch goods or chatties were ftolen) to apprehend* fecure and carry bfcfore a juftice of the peace for the

county, city, town corporate, liberty, or place where the fame goods and chatties fhall be’ fo brought or offered to be fold, pawned or delivered, (having it in his or her power fo to do) the perfon or perfons bringing of offering ♦ the fame.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, perfons wider That if any perfon or perfons being out of cuftody or in 15 years, diico-Cuftody, if under the age of fifteen years, upon any charge veri ng 2 or more of felony within benefit of clergy, fhall have committed any* cci»ers,°fo ls Wony after the firft day of June, onh thoufand feven hun- convi&ed, par-dred and eighty-four, and fhall aftewards difeover two or donedalifdrmcr more perfons who fhall ha*e bought or received any goods teioa*c**

or chatties which fhall have been felonioufly ftolen or taken

from any other perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of

June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, knowing the

fame to be ftolen, fo as two or more of the perfons difeo-

Vered (ball be convi&ed of fuch*buying or receivingpjje, (he,

or they fo diftfovering, fhall have and be entitled {o^he gra-	*

cious pardon of his Majefty, his heirs and fucctflbts, for all

4iicb felonies by him or her committed at any time or times

»	-	T	before

a	a

B

t

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Teari of George tlf;

before fuch difeovery made, which pardon fhal] be iikewifo a bar to any appeal brought for fuch felony.

VII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Koc to ret cal extend to repeal any former law now in being for the pu-any former law. n{ftjmcnt Gf fuch offenders, fave# as above expreffed.

Not punched VIII. And provided alfo, That fuch offender after having h°rformer lawCC keen PrC^ecute^ and convicled under tins a<9t, fhall not for '	*	the fame offence be afterwards punifhed or liable to be pu->

nifhed by any fuch former law.	•

AdvcrtMtng IX. And whereas the advertifirtg a reward with no quef-1 u^ftioi^^or °° a^ed, the return of things which have been loft word*°to*that or	i* one great caufe and encouragement of thefts

effoa, or offer- and robberies ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s ing to return moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coufent advanced^ °*	^orc^s Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this

things ftolen or prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the 4 loft, and print--fame, That from and after the faid firft day of June, one ing and publifh- thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, any perfon pub* ♦ ty*joL **>Cn lickly advertifingr a reward with no queffions afked for the return of things which have been llolen or* loft, or making ufe of any words in fuch publick advertifement purporting that fuch reward fhall be given or paid without feizing or making enquiry after the perfon producing fuch thing ftolen or loft, or promifing or offering in any fuch publick advertifement, to return to any pawn-broker or other perfon who may have bought or advanced money by way of loan upon fuch thing fo llolen or loft, the money fo paid of advanced, or any other fum of money or reward for the return of fuch thing, and any perfon printing or publiftring fuch adverfcifc-ment, fhall refpedtively fotfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence to any perfon who ftuU hie for thft fame,

CHAP. XLVI.

a.* n.

1783-4.

An Aft for the Apportionment, and more eajy Recovery of Raft 4	in	certain	Cafes.

Executors,	ITT HER EA S where any leffor or landlord having only

foriife, dying	an eftate f°r ^fe in the lands, tenements, hereditt-

bcforc or on the ments, or premiffes demifed, happens to die before or on the day, on which day on which any rent is referved or made payable, fuch fSu^ecov«* b rent’ or any Part t^ereo^» not law recoverable by the Sot, Ac. as 7 executors or adminiftrators or affigns of fuch leffor or land-herein.	. lord, nor is the perfon in reverfion entitled thereto, any

other than for the ufe and Occupation of fuch lands, tent* #	merits,* hereditaments, or premiffes, from tlffc death of fuch

tenant for life, of which advantage hath been ofteo taken by the tenants and under-tenants refpc&ively, of the pre-

# m	miffes,

t

Tke twenty-thirdamd twenty-fourth Yeart of George lit*	'	34?

mitfes, who thereby avoid paying any thing for the fame:	A* D.

for remedy thereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft ex- 1783-4* cellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confeat of the Chap. 45. loids^ fpiritual and temporal, and commons in tliis prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, where any tenant for life (hall happen to die before or on the day on which any rent was or (hall be referred, or made payable upon any	^

demife or leafe of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or	*

premises, which (hall determine on the death of foch tenant for life, that the executors, admin id rators, or affigns of fuch tenant for life, (hall and may either by a&ion of debt, or	t

by action on the cafe, as for the ufe and occupation of the (aid lands, tenements, hereditaments, of premiiTes, recover from the tenant or tenants, under-tenant or under-tenants thereof, if fuch tenant for life (hall die on the day on which the faid rent was made payable, the ,whole, or if before fuch day, then a proportion of fuch rent, according to the time fuch tenant for life lived of the laft year, half year, quarter of a year, or other time in which the (aid rent was growing due as aforefaid, making all jud allowances, or a proportionable part thereof refjpe&ively; and that it (hall be lawful for the executors, admmidrators, or affigns of fuch tenant for life, to didrain for fuch rent, or proportionable rent, at fully as fuch tenant for life, or his affigns, might have done, if fuch tenant for life had outlived the day on which the faid pent was made payable.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- , On the deter* faid. That frpm and after the faid twenty-fourth day of mination of a June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, where any perfon or perfons feized of an edate in fee, or of a lefler eftate of freehold, in any lands, tenements, hereditaments, a proportion of or premides, hath or have demifed, or (hall demife the fame, therentrecover-jtr any of them, for one or more life or lives, and fuch de- abJc mife (hall determine by the death or failure of fuch life or Ct0 jiftrain. lives, before the day on which the rent is made payable, the (aid perfon or perTons having made, or making fuch demife,	*

(hall and may recover from the tenant or tenants, under-tenant or under-tenants refpe&ively, of the (aid lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premides, or their refpe&ive / heirs, executors, adminiftratora, or affigns, either by ac* tion of debt, or by a&ion on the cafe, as for the ufe and occupation of the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premides, a proportionable part of fuch rent, according	,

‘ to the time fuch life or lives was or were in being of the laft year, half year, quarter of a year, Sr other time in which the laid rent was growing due as aforefaid, making

Thetwenty-third andTean of Gteorg* III;

all juft allowances, or a proportionable part thereof respectively ; and that it ftiafi be lawful for the faid person or perfons having made or making foch demife to diftrain for inch proportionable part of the faid rent, as fully as he or they might have done for the whole of fuch rent, if the -life or lives, by the Mure of whom fuch demife was determined, bad been in full life.

Ill, And to obviate fomfe difficulties which many times occur in the recovery of rents, where the demifes are not by by deed, land- deed: be it further ena&ed by the authority . aforc-lordft-may re- fiudr That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of bfcaaddccu*Jan€> onc thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, it (hall tion aa herein. 1* lawful for all landlord or landlords where the agreement is not by deed, to recover a reasonable fatisfa&ion for the lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premifies* Held or occupied* by the defendant or defendants, in jiAion on the cafe, for the ufe and occuparion of the pritmifTes fo held and enjoyed; and if in evidence on the trial of fuch a&ton; any parole demife, or any agreement, not being by deed, whereon a certain rent was referved, ftiall appear, the plaintiff irt fuch a&ion (hall not therefore he non-fuited, but may make ufe thereof in evidence of the quantum of the damages to be ifccoveredb

Where a-* areemmt not

GH At. XLVli.

Amended jfn for difeharging certain Arrears of $>nit, Crown, and *7 • 3-49* Compofition Rents, which have been growing due for twsntp Tears lafl pafi, on tbi Term, and in the Manner therein mentioned

Petition* nay \X7HEREAS fcyml knds, rC&ory, priory, monaftery be preferred to ** * lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments; the Exchequer, chargeable with quit rents, crown rents, compofition rents* 3ec. as he*cm. Qt 0^r chfef rents, payable to his Majefty, his heirs and* fhfccetfore, hive been for many years pad returned by the #	1	colle&ors	of	his	Majefty’s	revenue,	to whom fuch rents have

been given in charge, as not to be found, and fuch rent* have been conftantly carried on, and returned in arrear, by means whereof fuch arrears do now amount to considerable Aims of money, and will he great incumbrances on futh lands, reftory, abbey, priory, and monaftery lands, tithes* * fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, m cafe the fame (hould be hereafter difeovered: and whereafe it is apprehended from >	the great length of time, that fuch arrears have been carried

on, and the chafes of names that have happened in feveral of the faid lands, reftory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands* tithes, fairs, tenements and hereditaments, that the difeo^

* Very of fuch lands, re&ory, abbey, priory, an A monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, and the

*	recovery

*Fbe iwwtyjtiird md twenty-fourth Toon of George tlL	349

recovery of fuefa arrears will become every day more diffi- A. D. pult and expenfive, and that giving an encouragement to the 1783*4. prefent owners of fach lands, redory, abbey, priory, mo- Chap. 47. nailery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, to discover the fame fo as that the growing rents payable to his Majefty, h;s heirs and fucceflorg, may be hereafter punctually paid will increkfe his Majefly's revenue: be it eaa&ed by the king's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirxtual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, add by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corpo-rate, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March* which will be in the year of our Lord, (me thoufand (ever* hundred and ninety-four, to prefer his, her, or their petition or petitions to bis Majefty's court of Exchequer, there* by fetting forth, that all or feme of the lands, redory* abbey, priory, roonaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements* and hereditaments, whereof he, ftie, or they is or are foifed* is or are fubjed or liable to forac certain quit rent, crown rent, competition rent, or other chief rent, playable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, which hath not been paid	7

by him, her, or them, or thofe under whom they refpoc-tively derive, for the (pace of twenty years next immediately pr&eding the twenty^&inth day of September, in the year pf our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, particularly deferibing in fuch petition the lands liable to the payment thereof, as well by their prefent as former names and denominations, and thereby fubmitting to pay aB fuch annual quit rent, % crown rent, competition rent, or other chief Tent, which (hall become due from and after fuch time as the faid court of Exchequer fh ili think fit to order, and praying to have fuch lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastery lauds, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, dif-ipharged of and from all arrears of filch rent incurred dye to, and for fuch time as the faid court (hall thiuk fit; which petition or petitions (hall be engrafted on parchment, and iigned by the party or parties preferring the Lme, except in cafe of a minor or luuatick, aud in fuch cate, by the guardian or guardians, committee cr committees of fuch minor or lunatick, and (haU be filed on record in the fe-xcond remembrancer's office, and tliat a copy of fuch petition (hall he read in open court, on fome dry during the term, or the fittings after the term in which fuch petition (hall be preferred, or if prefoired in the time of vacation,' then in fome d^y in the term next followi >g, and that thereupon an order (hall be made by the faid court, that the auditor auditoror-general, or his deputy or deputes, ihali fearch into the re- dered to fearch, foedive rent rolls, books, and records in his office, and

(hall	M

350	The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A. P.	(hall certify to the (aid court, by a certain day to be ap-

1783*4-	pointed by the court, whether any fuch rent or rents as is or

Chap. 47. are mentioned in fuch petition or petitions, hath or have been accounted for to his Majefty, or his predeceflbrs, with-j>aid within in the fpace of twenty years next* preceding the (aid twenty kT^herrin00*	September,	one	thoufand feven hundred and #

9 eighty-four, a copy of which order (hall be ferved on the (hid auditor-general or hjs deputy, and on the chief commif-fioners and governors of his Majefty *s revenue for the time being, or on the folicitor of his Majcfty’s rents, ten days at the lead before the day appointed for his making fuch certificate, and the (aid auditor-general, or his deputy is hereby required to make fuch fearches, and to certify to the (aid court of Exchequer, whether it appears to him, that fuch rents may have been paid or accounted for to his Majefty, or his predeceffors, within the fpace of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and whether it appears to him, that any, and what proceedings have been had by or on bthalf of his Majefty for recovery of fuch rent within the faid pe-fec for fearch r*°<^ ^or	fawch	tne	fum	of two (hillings and fix

is. 6d.	pence, and no more, and for which certificate the fum of

certificate	fix (hillings and eight pence, and no more, and for entry of

W.	a difeharge of fuch arrears out of the rent rolls, the fum of

charec^of ar-	^ree (hiding8 and four pence, and no more (hall be paid to

Jfcar», 3*. 4d. the faid auditor-general; and if upon return of fuch certificate, and upon examining into the truth of the allegations of fuch petition or petitions by the faid court of Exchequer in a fummary way, it (hall appear to the faid court that no quit rent, crown rent, composition rent, pr other chief rent payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, hath been paid for oV out of fuch lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements and hereditaments, or hath been accounted for to the colledors of his Majefty’s revenue ,for the diftrid wherein fuch lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments lie within the term of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and that no proceedings have been had by or on behalf of his Majefty for recovery of fuch rent within the faid twenty years, then and m fuch cafe the faid court of exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an order on fuch petition or petitions that the faid lands, redory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements or hereditaments mentioned in fuch petition or petitions, and the perfons who from time to time refpeo-tively hel<f and enjoyed the fame, (hall be abfolufely freed and difeharged of and from all fuch rents and arrears due, or in anrear at any time before the faid twenty-ninth day of * ’	'	September,

A. D.

1783-4-

Chap. 47.

*Thc twenty-third and twerty•fourth Tears of George III.

September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, and fhall order the faid auditor-general to give in charge fuch growing rent9 as the faid lands, re&ory, abbey, priory, monartery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments /hall appear to be charged or chargeable with which fhall become due from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, to the colle&or or colle&ors of the diftri& or diilri&s in which fuch lands, reftory, abbey, priory, monaftery larids, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, to the intent that the fame may be duly colle&ed for the future, and that fuch order fhall be an effedlual difeharge againft his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors as to fuch arrears: and if it fhall appear to the laid court of Exchequer in manner aforefaid, that no quit rent, crovyn rent, compofition rent, or other chief rent payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, hath been piid for or out of fuch lands, redlory, abbey, priory, jnonaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, or hath been accounted for t6 the colle&or of his Majefty's revenue for the diftri& wherein fuch lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments lie within the term of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, but that proceedings have been had by or on behalf of his Majefty for recovery of fuch rent within the faid twenty years, then and in fuch cafe the faid court of Exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an order on fuch petition or petitions, that the faid lands, re&ory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments mentioned in foch petition or petitions, and the perfons who from time to time refpe&ively held and enjoyed the fame, fhall be absolutely freed and difeharged of and from all fuch rents and arrears due, or in arrearat any time before the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and fhall order the faid auditor-general to give in charge fuch growing rents as the faid lands, re&ory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, fhall appear to be charged or chargeable with, which fhall become due from and after the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fe-yenty-four, to the colk&or or colletors of the diftrift or dif-trids ^rhere fuch lands, reffory, abbey, priory, monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, to the intent that the fame be duly colle&td for the future,

, and that fuch order fhall be an effe&ual difeharge againft his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, as to fuch arrears.

II.	And whereas it may tend to the difcoveiy of fuch Jands, reftory, abbey, piipry, monaftery Upids, tithes, fairs,

tenements, moiety of the

Dffcoverer

*

arrear recovered,

Tie twenty-third and toqtntyfovrtl Tear* of George III*

tenements, or hereditaments, as have been returned by the laid collectors as not to be found as aforefaid* if perfons who /hall discover the fame, fo as to enable his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, to recover the rents payable thereout, and arrears thereof, fhall he intitlcd to a reward for fo doings Wherefore be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon or perfons who /hall effedually difeover any bods, redory, abbey, priory, monailery lands, tithes, fans, tenc-. *	ment8,	or hereditaments fo in arrear of the quit rent, crown

rent, compofition rent, or other chief rent payable thereout *	to his Majeity as aforefaid, and which have been returned by

the faid collectors as not to be found as aforefaid, other than, the proprietor or proprietors, or other perfon ox perfons fobbed to the payment of high rent, fo as that fuch rent or rents in arrear be recovered, fuch perfon or perfons making fuch difeovery fhaH be intitjed to one moiety of fuch arrear as. ■ot exceeding fhall be recovered: provided that fueh moiety lhall nqt at-*>l	ceed the fum of twenty pounds.

lifts of all III And be it fu*hcr enacted by the authority afore-. ^eico^no^1 f'hxt the collectors of his Majeily’s revenue in their repayment for 20 vera^ and refpective diilriAs before the next general affixes years before 29 which /hall happen next after the lirlt day of March, which Sept 1784, will be in the year one thoufand fe^en hundred and eighty-.

t^c ^fpedive counties in which their refpedive &c. as herein. didrid» he, to make or caufe'to be made exad hits of the names of all the lands, redory, abbey, priory, rapnaflcry lands, tithes* fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, fituate in their icfpedive di it rid a chargeable with any quit rent, crown, rent, compofition rent, or other chief rent, payable to his. Majefty, his heirs and fucct/Tors, and whereout no fuch rent hath been paid for twenty yearn before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, together with the annual quit .rent* crown rent, compofo tiou rent, or other chief rent, payable out of fuch binds,

«	redory,	priory,	monaftery lands, tithes, fairs, tenemeuU*

or hereditaments to his Majefty, his heirs and OuccefTors, and alfo the amount of the arrears due forthe faid lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monailery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments refpedively at the time of majting fuch lids ; which faid lids (hall be publickly affixed on the. fcffion-houfe doors of the refpedive counties wherein fuch lands, redory, abbey, priory, monadery lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments do lie, the ford day. c£' *	the faid affixes, and (hall alfo be read by the clerk of the

crown on the fecond day of fuch affixes in open court, to, the intent that all perfons within the faid county may have publick notice of the fame, and in like manner ^he faid col-•	rled or (hall continue to makea the like lids, and the fame

(hafl in like maqner be publi/hed on the fcffion-hqufe doors of

3	&

' igitized

* G( ' e

*The twentf4hird and twenty •fourth Tears of George Ilf.	353

the faid refpe&ive counties, and read in open court the A. D. three next following allizes which (hall be held for the refpe.c- 1783*4. tive counties wherein their refpeCtive diftri&s are fituate.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Afl for the Amendment of the Law in Relation to the Sab •vage of Ships and Goods franded> or in Danger of periling at Sea.

'XltT’HEREAS notw’ithftanding the laws now in being Plundering

* * againft plundering and deftroying veflels in diftrefs, goods inTips

and againft taking away fhipwrecked, loft, or ftrandtd */diftrefs,

goods, many wicked enormities have been committed, to w recked or

the difgrace of this nation, and to the grievous damage of ftranded»

, b	.	r	j	u	k*	&c. as herein,

merchants and manners ot our own and other countries :

for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King's moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon or perfons (hall plunder, fteal, take away, or deftroy any goods or merchandize, or other effe# s, from or belonging to any (hip or veflel of his Majefty's fubjeCts or others, which (hall be in diftrefs, or which (hall be wrecked, loft, itranded, or caft on (hore on any coaft of this kiogdom,

(whether any living credture be on board fuch veflel or not)

or any of the furniture, tackle, apparel, provifion, or part

of fuch (hip or veflel, or (hall beat or wound with intent to

kill or dellroy, or (hall otherwise wilfully obftruCt the ef-

cape of any perfon endeavouring to fave his or her life from

fuch (hip or vefTel, or the wreck thereof, or if any perfon or

perfons (hall put; out any falfe light or lights with intention

to bring any (hip or veffel into danger, every fuch perfon or

perfons fo offending, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and fdony, death,

being lawfully convided thereof, (hall fuffer death as in cafes

of felony without benefit of clergy.

II.	Provided always, and he it enaCted by the authority Goods of aforefaid, That when goods or effe&s ef fmall value (hall be fmsfl value, ftranded, loft, or call, on (bore, and (hall be ftolen without Uc' circumftances of cruelty, outrage, or violence, then and in

fuch cafes it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons to pro-fecute for fuch offence by way of indictment for petit larceny, and the offenders being thereof lawfully convi&ed, punifhed as (hall fuffer fuch punifhment as the laws in cafes of petit lar- for petit larceny do enjoin or require.	ccn7-

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Search war-. laid. That it ihall be lawful for any one or more of his

Majefty's juftices of the peace, upon information made be-therein on ia-fore him or them upon oath (which oath fuch juftice or juf- formation on Vol. VII.	Z	tices	°ath.

Good* of vcf« feta wrecked, *c. unlawfully taken away,

if offered to ffita ftojqrd, tec. jk> herein.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.

tices is and are hereby empowered to admifiifter) of any part of the cargo or effects whatfoever belonging to any (hip or vc(Tel loft or ft l anded upon, or ncy any coafk of this kingdom, being unlawfully carried or conveyed away, or concealed in any honfe, out-houfe, bam or other place, or of feme reafonable caufe of fufpicion thereof, to iffue his or their warrant or Warrants for the fearching of fuch houfe, out-houfe, barn, or other place, as in other cafes of ftolert goods ; and if the fame (hall be found in fuch houfe, out-houfe, barn, or other place or places, or upon, or in the cullody or poffeffion of any pet (on or perfons not legally authorized or entitled to keep and withhold the fame, and the owner or occupier of fuch houfe, out-houfe, barn, or other jdace, or the perfon or perfons upon whom, or in wliofe cuftody or poffeffion the fame (hall be found, (hall not immediately upon demand, deliver the fame to the lawful owner or owners thereof, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as (hail be lawfully authorized to demand the fame, or (hall not give a good account to the fatisfadion of the laid juftice or j lift ices bow%he, (he, or they came by, or became pofleffed thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftiees, upon proof of fuch refufal, and he and they is and nve hereby required to commit the faid offender or offenders to the common gnol for thefpace of fix months, or until he, (he, or they (hall have paid to fuch lawful owntr or owners, or to the perfon or perfons lawfully authorized to receive the fame, treble the value of the goods or things fo hv him, her, or them unlaw fully detained.

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (lull ofter or expofe to fale any goods or effeds whatfoewr belonging to any (hip or vtfLl loft, ftranded, or call on (bore as aforefaid, and unlawfully taken away, or reafonably fufpeded fo to have been, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for the perfon or perfons to whom the fame lliall be fo offered to fale, or any officer of the cuftoms or excifc, or any conftable or other peo.ee officer, to ftop, take, and feize the faid goods and effeds, and that he or they (hall with all convenient fpeed carry the fame, or give notice of fuch feizure to fome one or more of his Majefty's juftiees of the peace ; and if the perfon or perfons who (hall have offered the faid goods or efFeds to fale, or fome other perfon or perfons on his, her, or their behalf, (hall not appear before tire faid juftice or juftiees within ten days next after fuch feizure, and make out to the fatisfadion of the faid juftice or juftiees the property of the laid goods or effeds to be in him, her, or them, or in the perfon or perfons by whom he, (he, or they was or were employed to fell the fame, then the faid goods or effedts (hall by order of the faid juftice ox juftiees, 4.	be

Digitized by

Google__________

The t<zuenty-thirdand twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	355

b© forthwith delivered over to or for the ufe of the rightful A. D. owner or owners thereof, upon payment of a reafonable re-. 1783-4. ward for fuch feizure, to be ascertained by fuch juftice or Chap, 2f8. jullices to the perfon who feized the fame ; and fuch juftice or jullices lhall and may commit the perfon or perfons who and the per-fhail have fo offered or expofed the laid goods or things to J0” ?ffcrin£ to, fale, as aforefaid, to the common gaol, for the fpace of fix 5 mom&s! ^ months, or until he, fhe, or they (hall have paid to fuch lawful owner orownere, or to the perfon or perfons lawfully authorized to receive the fame, treble the value of the faid goods or effeds fo by him, her, or them unlawfully offered to fale as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further, enaded by. the authority afore- Reifonable

faid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons not employed by reward to be the mafter, mariners or owners, or other perfons lawfully	ptriVnu

authorized in the falvage of any (hip or veffel, or the cargo faving good*, ' or provifion thereof, (hall in the abfence of the perfons fo See. employed or authorized, fave any fuch (hip, veffel, goods,

or effeds, and caufe the fame to be carried for the benefit of the owners or proprietors thereof, into port, or to any near adjoining cuftom-houfe, or other place of fafe cuftody, immediately giving notice thereof to fome juftice ©f the peace, magi (Irate, or cuftom-houfe or ejtcife officer, or (hall difeo-ver to any fuch juftice, magiftratc^ or officer, where any fuch goods or effeds have been wrongfully bought or fold, or are concealed, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall be intitled to a reafonable reward for fuch fervices, to be paid by the mailers or owners of fuch veffels or goods, and to be adjufted, in cafe of difagreement about the quantum* in like manner as the falvage is to be adjufted and paid hy virtue of an ad of Parliamertt made in this kingdom in the fourth year of the reign of his Majefty King George the firft, entitled, An a 3 far th: preferving all fuch Jhips and goods, thereof whichJhall happen to be forced on Jhore or Jlranded upon the coajls of this kingdom, and alfo in the manner hereinafter preferibed.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, On oath of That if oath (hall be made before any magiftrate lawfully plumler or empowered to take the fame of any fuch plunder or theft,

and the examination in writing thereupon taken, (hall be * * of exa„j.

delivered to the clerk of the crown of the county or place nations, lhall

wherein fuch fad (hall be committed, or to his deputy, or profecute, S*c.

if oath (hall be made before any fuch magiftrate of the def- a* herein,

troying or doing any ad tending to deftroy any (hip contrary

to the aforefaid ad made in the fourth year of the reign of

his faid Majefty King George the firft, and the examination

in writing thereupon taken, (hall be delivered to fuch clerk

of the crown, or his deputy, then fuch clerk of the crown,

or his deputy, (hall caufe the offender or offenders in any

of the faid cafes to be forthwith profecuted for the fame,

Z 2	and

Digitized by v^.ooQle

3j <5

The	iwenty-tinrj and twenty-fourth Ycdrs of George	f 11.

A. D.

1783-4. Chsp> 48.

clerk neglcA-ing forfeit loch

Perfon* af-

fauking, &c. inu>rilonc<l not above 3 years.

Jufticc* may fcill rhe power oi the county.

Order* of tnartcr or owner-, 5cc f:rft oblervcd.

arid the neceffary charges of fuch profecution fha]l be paid by the treafurer of the county or place where the fact (hall be committed, to fuch amount as the grand jury at the affixes for faid county or place (hall order and direct} and if fuch clerk of the crown* or Iris deputy* ffiall neglect or refure to carry on fuch profecution in due manner, he ffiall forfeit one hundred pounds for every fuch offence to any perfon or perfons who ffiall fue for the fame* by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majeffy’s courts of record at Dublin, in which action no ef-foiyn, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance ffiall be allowed.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That if any ffieriff, or his deputy, juftice of the peace# mayor, and other magiffrate, coroner, high or petty conffa-ble, or other peace officer, or any cuftom-houfc or excife officer, or other perfon lawfully authorized, ffiall be affaulted* beaten, or wounded for or on account of the exercife of his or their duty in or concerning the falvajre or prefervation of any (hip or veffrl in diffrefs, or of any ffiip or veffel, goods or effects (Iranded, wrecked* or caff on ffiore, or lying under water in or near any coall in this kingdom, every perfon or perfons fo affaulting, beating, or wounding, ffiall upon trial and conviction, by indictment at the affixes or gaol delivery for the county or place where fuch offence ffiall be committed, fuffet* for every lucll offence imprifonment at the diferetion of the judge, for any term not exceeding three years, in the common gaol of fuch county or place.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That i: ffiall be lawful for any one or more of his Ma-jefty’s juilices of the peace in cafe of need, and in the ab-(ence of the high ffieriff to take fufficient power of the county to reprefs all unjtiff violence, and duly to enforce the execution of this act $ and every fuch jultice is hereby required fo to do

IX And to prevent confufion among perfons affirm bled to lave any ffiip, veffel, goods, or effects as aforefaid, either for want of proper orders, or by contradictory orders : be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all‘perfons fo affembled (hall conform in the firff place to the orders of the mailer or other officers or owners, or other perfons employed by them, and for want of their prefence or directions, then in the next place to the orders of any officer or officers of the cuff oms, then of-any officer or officers of the excife, then of the ffieriff, or his deputy, then of any juftice or juftices of the peace, then of the mayor or chief magiffrate of any corporation, then of the coroner, then of any high conffable, then of any petty couftable or other peace officer* and any perfon

whatsoever

*Tbe twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

whatsoever a6ling knowingly or wilfully contrary to fiich A. D. order, {ball forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds, to be 1783-4, levied by warrant of one juflicc of the peace; and in cafe Chap. .48, of non-payment the offender (hall be committed to the	-

honfe of correction for any time not exceeding there months.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That nei- . Nothing here* ther this aCl nor anything herein contained, fliall any vyay j" extend to deprive or prejudice his royal Majeily, his heirs or Majeily, pil fucceflbrs, or any claiming under them, Qr any patentee, or Fcote«.,'&c. grantee of the crown, or any lord or lords of any manor or minors, or other perfon whomfoevei, of Qr in relation to any right which they or any of them, have or may have, or lawfully claim to any wreck or wrecks, or any goods which are or (hall be'flotfam, jetfam, or ligarj, but thaf fueh re-* fpedlive rights fliall be enjoyed in as full, ample, and bene* ficial manner in every refpeii as if this had nevyr been made

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Officer a&-That tfre officer of the cuftoms who fhall aCt in the preferv- *?£ in prefervi* ing of any fhip or veflel in (^illrefs, or the cargo thereof, fliall r,*,^ ^xamm^.u as loon as conveniently may be, caufe or procure all perfous oath, thip’s belonging to the faid fhip or veflel and others who can give name. mailer*, any account thereof, or of the cargo thereof, to be exzy ^c* a5 herein, rained upon oath before fomc jufliceof the peace, as to the

name or description of the faidffiipor veflel, and the names of the mailer, commander, or chief officers and owners thereof, and of the owners of the fiid cargo, mtd of the ports or places from and to which faid fhip or veflel was bound, and the occafion of the faid (hip’s dillrefs; which examination the faid juliice of the peace is hereby required to take down in writing, and to deliver a true copy thereof, together with a copy of the faid account of the goods to the laid officer of t}ie cufloms, who fhall forthwith tranfmit the fame to the clerk of hrs Majelly’s moll honourable privy council in Duh-V ljn, who fliall publilh or caufe to be published in the next Dublin gazette, fo much thereof as fliall or may be. ueeeflary. for the information of the perlons intereited or conccrnu} therein.

XII.	And whereas great delays do often arife in the af- Ddavs in af* certaining the quantum of falvage in the manner preferibed

by the faid acl, made in the fourth year of tire reign of: his Oiid Majeily King George the firfl, and the attention of the 4. g. 4. fliip or veflel, gooyls or effects (out ofwhjch falvage is claimed) until the quantum of the falvage can be ib aiccrtahitd*	•

hath often proved highly injurious to the owners and other, perfons intereiled in the faid fhip or veflel, goods or efledls,

«ind hath fubjec^cd the faid owners 4:1 d the Lid other perfon^

tox

35®' The twenty-thirdand twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A. D.

*783*4-Chap; 48.

On owners, &c. paying fuch (laiir.R, the (hip or goods delivered.

to lofs of market and other great inconveniencies; for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That when any perfon or perfons (hall aft or be employed in the preferving any (hip or ve(Tel, goods or effefts of any of his Majcfty’s fubjefts, or others, being in danger of being ftranded, or run on (hore, or being ftranded or run on (bore on any coad of this kingdom, and (hall claim a reward or rewards by way of falvage for (o doing, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall within fourteen days next after fuch fervice performed, make and file his, or their claim or claims in writing, figned with his, or their proper names or marks in the excife office of the diflrift in or neared to which fuch fervice (hall have been performed, in every of which claims all fuch fum and fums of money claimed or demanded for ftorage, labour, expences and fervices, and for every matter and thing concerning fuch falvage, or relating thereto, {ball be feperate-ly and diftinftly fpecified and mentioned, with the refpeftive charges of each and every particular thereof, and the faid perfon or perfon3 claiming the faid falvage fhall (if thereunto required by the owners or other perfon or perfons interefted in fuch fhip or vefTel, goods or effefts, or by any perfon or perfonsby them lawfully authorized, but not otherwife) verify the truth of fuch claim or claims by his or their affidavit or af. fidavits, or if a quakcr by an affirmation or affirmations to be made at the foot of every fuch claim, and to be fworn or affirmed before any judiceof the peace for the county or place in or neared to which fuch fervice fhall have been fo performed ; and in default of fuch claim or claims bung fo made and filed (or if required, being verified sis aforefnid,) fuch perfon or perfons who fhall aft or be employed in the preferving any fuch fhip or veffcl, goods or effefts fhall be and are hereby declared to be barred and precluded from receiving or recovering any fuch reward or rewards, or any fal-vnge whatfoever, for or by reafbn of the prefervation of fuch fhip or vefTel, goods or effefts.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by thp authority afore-faid, That in cafe the owner or other perfon or perfons inte-reded in the fhip or veffcl, goods or effefts aforefaid, fhall abide by fuch claiip or claims fo made and filed, and fhall pay to the officer of the cudoms, the feveral fum or fums of money fo claimed as afoiefaid, for the ufc of the feveral perfons entitled thereto, the faid officer of the cudoms immediately thereupon fhall deliver or caufp to be delivered the faid fhip or veffcl, goods or effefts, to the faid owner or other perfon or perfons intereded therein, or lawfully authorized to receive the fame without taking, claiming, or Receiving any further reward, gratuity, coft§, charges, or expenpes, or other fum or (flms of money for or any way concerning the fhip or veffcl, goods or effefts fo delivered up.

r	XIV.	And

72«r twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George I ft.	359

XIV,	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- A. D. faid, That in cafe the faid owner or other perfon or perfons 1783-4. interefted in the faid (hip or ye(Td, goods or effects, (hall Chap. 48.

think the claims aforefaid, or any of them to be unreafon*  -—

•able, and (hall defire that the quantum of the falvage fo Salvage ad-claimed or any part thereof (hall be adjulled by two or more by t^° juftices of the peace, purfuant to the (hid a6\ mad** in the ant c x. fourth year of the reign of his faid Majefty King George c. 4 the firfl, the fame (hall accordingly be forthwith adjtilled, and if the owner or other perfon or perfons intcrelled in the (hip or vefTel, goods or cfFeCls aforefaid, or any perfon in be* half of them, or any of them, (hall pay to the officer of the jeuftoms, the fnm or Aims fo adjuftcd to and for the life of the perfons refpedlively entitled thereto, the faid officer of the cuftoms immediately thereupon (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered the faid (hip or vefTel, goods or efte&s to the Tuid owner or other perfon or perfons interefttd therein, or lawfully authorized to receive the fame, without taking, claim* ing, or receiving any further reward, gratuity, coifs, charges, or expences, Aim or Turns of money, for or any way concerning the (hip or vefTel, goods or effei&s fo delivered up.

XV.	And be ft further ena&ed by the authority afore-	gf^	&c

faid, That in cafe the faid owner or other perfon or perfons may be	deiiver-

intereiied in the (hip or vefTel, goods or effe&s aforefaid, (hall ed to owner on think proper to fend the faid (hip or vefTel, goods or cfFetU to feaf or otheryvife to difpofe thereof without waiting the event of fuch adjuflment, it (hall be lawful for the faid owner and faid other perfon Qr perfons intereflcd in tlie faid (hip or vefTel, goods or effedfs, or any perfon or perfons for or on their behalf, to depofit with the faid officer of the cuftoms, the amount of th$ fum or fums fo claimed for falvage as aforefaid, in order to abide the event of the adjullmcnt of the faid juftices of the peace, and to fullil the fame, or in ljeu of making fuch depofit to give fufficlent fccurlty bv two able and fufficient perfons entering into a bond or obligation payable to the laid officer of the cuftoms, In the penalty of dpuble the amount of the fum or fums fp claimed, with condition to pay to the faid officer of the cuftoms for the life of the perfon claiming fuch falvage, all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be awarded and adjuftcd by t[ie juftices as aforefaid, and that upon majdng fuch depofit or giving fuch fecurity, the (aid officer of the cuftoms (hall immediately deliver or caufe to be delivered the faid (hip or veftcl, good1* or effe&s to the faid owner or other perfon or perfons interefted therein, or lawfully authorized to receive the fame, to be by him or thejn difpofcd of 44 he 4>l they (haft ^hink (it,

XVI. And

Digitized by Google

\

360

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of pcorge III.

A. D.

I783-4-

Chsp« 48. L —

To take or detain after owners fo entitled* felony.

XVI.	And be it erre&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons under colour or claiming falvage, or under any other pretence, fhall contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£t, take or detain the poffeffion of the (hip or veflel, goods or effects aforefaid, or any of them from the owners orothei perfon or perfons interefted therein, or lawfully authorized to receive fuch poffeflion thereof, after the faid owners or the faid other perion or perfons (hall in any of the refpe&ive cafes herein before mentioned, by complying with the terms of this adl, have intitlcd him or them-felves to fuch poffeflion of the faid (hip or veffcf, goods or effe&s, every fuch perfpn fo offending, being thereof indicted and lawfully convi&ed, (hall for the faid offence be adjudged a felon and fuffer the pains and penalties inflicted on perfons convicted of felony.

No revenue XVII. And in order to prevent frauds which may be

officer See. fhall practiced againfl the owners of any (hip or veflel, goods or

pu« chafe or *rr n j j •	,	r , .7 A r , ,	. ’

agree to pur- ettecxs Itranded or in danger of being ftranded ; pe it enact-

efuft <hip, Sec ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful foy under the penal- any officer of the revenue, or any perfon or perfons whatfor ty of 500L ever conccrne(i jn or claiming falvage, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him, them, or any oi them, during the diffref* of fuch (hip or veflel, goods or effects, or after the falvage thereof, or at any time whatfoever, to purchafe or agree to purchafe either publickly 01* privately, the (hip or veflel, goods or effects aforesaid, or any of them, or any part theie-of, and every perfon offending herein (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, witfi colls of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame in auy of his Majeffy’s courts of record at jpublin, in which action or fuit no eflbign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed, and every fuch purchafe, and all contracts and agreements concerning the fame is and are hereby declared to be abfolutely null an4 void.

XVIII.	And be it cnadlcd by the authority aforefaid. That the faid j offices of the peace after they (hall be nominated to adjuff the amount or quantum of the faid falvage, (hall immediately and diligently proceed tQ adjuff the fiime without any wilful delay.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That the faid juffices of the peace fhall not in their adjuftment of the falvage aforefaid, exceed the fum or Aims of money demanded in and by the feveral claims by this aft required to be made and filed as aforefaid, fuch claims (if thereunto required) being alfo verified by oath or affirmation ai herein before is dire&ed, “

......................... '	XX.

Salvage ad-

jutted.

Not to exceed fums claimed.

ZTbe twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

301

XX. A nd be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That	A- D.	*

if any juftice of the peace fhall refufe to attend and adjuft	1783-4.

the faid falvage, or if attending, he (hall not do his duty Chap. 48. therein as dire&ed bythisadt, every fuch juft ice fo offending ^—v*— iliall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every fuch Juftices not offence, to be recovered, with cofts of fuit, by a&ion of debt, attending. &c. bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty's courts of -°r	100

jecord at Dublin, by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame,

in which action or fuit no effoign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance fhall be allowed, unlefs fuch jultice fhall be prevented from attending by ficknefs, or other good and fufficient caufe.

XXI.	And be it enabled bythe,authority aforefaid, That Appeal as by nothing herein contained fhall bar or be conflrued to bar, *7^. a. c. *i. or prevent any perfon or perfoas who fhall conceive himf

her, or themfelves aggrieved by the determination or adjultr ment of the Jaid juftices from appealiiig therefrom in fuch manner as by an aCt of Parliament made in this kingdom in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late Majefty George the fecond, entitled, An aft for the amendment of the law in relation to forgery and the falvage of Jhips and goods Jlranded, is direCled.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- 4 q, , c ^ faid, Th^t the before mentioned adl of Parliament made in and 47 O. a c. the fourth year of the reign of his faid Majefty King George * «•»" f°rre the firft, and a^° the faid act made in the feventh year qf ^avc waiteied. the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the fecond,

fhall ip all things remain in full force, fave only fo far as the fame are altered or changed by this prefent act.

XXIII.	Provided always, That if it (ball appear to SaTva^ebar-fuch juft ices, That any perfon claiming falvage, fhall hivfc rcd on pilfering, ftolcn or pilfered any of the goods or effects, or any thing belonging to the ftiip or veffcl out of which fahage is fo

claimed, fuch perfon fhall beabfolutely barred from his claim of falvage.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Th*s aa to faid, That this act fhall take place from the twenty fourth commence 24 day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand fevea

hundred and eighty four.

XXV.	Whereas there are feveral manufactures carried on Factories, See.

in the vicinity of Dublin, which require great fires for the fo conftrUacd carrying on the fame, and the blazes or lights iffuing there-	fhaU°

from are fo very great as to mifguide mariners coming into hc fecn from the bay, harbour, or port of Dublin, when fuch factories their chinmies, are fo fituated, that the blaze or light iffaing therefrom, can under 20I.

be feen or difeovered by fuch ma iners coming into the bay, ty* harbour, or port of Dublin, whereby great inHchief may arife to (hips coming into the fame, for remedy whereof: he

jt

>

Digitized by v^ooQle

362	The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.

A. D.	it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after

1783-4.	the palling of this act, every perfon or perfons who fhafl

erect any factory, whereby from the fituation thereof the light ifluing from the chimneys of fuch factory can be teen or difeovered in the bay, harbour, or port of Dublin, (hall tak£ care to conftxuct their chimneys in fuch a manner aa to prevent any blaze or light whatsoever being fecn or difeovered in the faid bay, harbour, or port from fuch factory; and that every perfon or perfons who has or have any fuch factory Situated as aforefaid, lhall, from and after the palling of this act, Sufficiently (hade the blazes or lights ifluing from the chimneys thereof, fo as that the fame cannot be feen or difeovered in the bay, harbour, or port of Dublin : and in cafe any perfon or perfons carrying on fuch manufactures, (hall neglect fo to do for thfpe days after fuch perfon or perfons (hall receive a notice in writing, Signed by any three or more of the commiflioners of his Majeliy’s revenue requiring fuch perfon or perfons to conllruct the chimneys of fuch factory, or (hade the blazes or lights ifTuing therefrom, in the man” ner and for the purpofe aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, with full colls of fuit, to be recovered by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Ma-jeily’s courts of record in Dublin, in which noefloign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed,

CHAP. XLIX.

-An Ad for making Appropriate Parijhts belonging to Arehbri Jbops and Bijhops perpetual Cures, and the better to enable fuch Archhijhops and Bijhops to endow and augment the Endowments of Vicarages and Curacies to them refpedively appropriate, and to render more effectual the feveral Ads now in force, to enable the Clergy having Cure of SouL to refide upon their refpedive Benejices, and to build on their refpediv^ Glebe Lands.

Recital of TX7HEREAS the good and ufeful purpofes of a •11 ^ n G. 3. V V certain act of Parliament made in this kingdom in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign pf his prefent M&jefty, entitled. An ad for eredingparochial chapels of eafex and among other pprpofes in the title of the Said act mentioned, for making appropriate pariihes perpetual cures, would be more extcnfive if perpetual cures could be founded •and endowed out of appropriate pariihes belonging to the archbilhops and bifhops of this kingdom in like manner and with the like benefits to fuch perpetual curates and their fuc-ceflors, and to the bpdies politick and corporate* and others



Digitized by

G< 3gle



77* twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

\tfho (hall endow the fame, as by the (aid recited act they now can be founded and endowed out of pariflies appropriate, which belong to deans, archdeacons, and other dignitaries in the church: therefore be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi ritual and temporal, and commons in this pro lent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all cures of pariflies appropriated and annexed unto any archbifhoprick or biftiopricks in this kingdom, (hall lie deemed perpetual cures, where fuch parifli or pariflies appropriate belong to an archbilhop, with the confcnts of fuch archbrfliops refpectively, and of their refpective dean and chapter or deans and chapters, and where fuch appropriate pariflies belong to a bifhop or bifhops, then with the content of fuch bifhop and bilhops refpeflively, and of their refpective archbifhops or metropolitans, and alfo of the dean and chapters of fuch bilhops rcfpe&ively ; and when there is no dean and chapter then with the confer.t of the archdeacon and major part of the reft of the beneficed clergy in fynod, or at visitation aflembled, fuch confents to be teftified in writing under their rcfpe&ive hands and feals, and to be registered where fuch appropriate parifli or pariflies belong to an archbilhop iu the regiftry of the metropolltical court of the prov nee, and where to a bifliop or bilhops not only in faid laft mentioned regiftry, but alfo in the regiitry of the diocefe in which fuch appropriate parifli or pariflies b*e, and that from and after fuch regiftry as aforefaid, fuch perpetual curates (hall be as capable to all intents and purpofes, to have perpetual fucceflion, and to receive endowments, and the mutant! improvements on their

Appropriate cures annexed to archbiihop-ricks, Sec. deemed perpetual See. as herein.

ney expended in making buildings glebes, and alfo to receive any ft.

dred and fifty pounds each, from the truftees ant) comniilfi-oners of the full fruits, to build houfes on their refpective glebes as perpetual curates under the faid recited act are intit led to have and receive the fame.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any 'arch bifhop or bifhop to whom any fuch appropriate parifli or pariflies Audi belong, lhall with the like confects as are herein before prescribed for the changing appropriate cures into perpetual cures, and to be regiitered as aforefaid, endow any fuch cures with a competent-portion of glebe or tythes, Or both, for the ’maintenance of any fuch curate, that fqch archbilhop and bifhops refpedtively, and their refperiive fucctflbrs, (hull from thenceforth and from the enrollment in the rolls office of the court of chancery in t)iis kingdom, for which the ftim of thirteen (hillings and four‘pence (hall be paid, over and al)ove the expencts ufua|ly p^id to the engrafting clerk for engrafting the fame,

be

Archbifhops, See. with like ronftnt, Ac. as herein.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

364 A. D.

>783-4*

Chap. 49.

Such curate Scented.

Hecitnl of 10 0.1. c. 6.f. 4.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George TIT,

be difeharged from the payment of the {alary and (akries of fuch curate or curates who (hall be fo endowed, but without any exoneration to fuch archbifhop or bifhops refpc&ivc-ly from the falary and falarict of any fuch appropriate curate or curates, for or on account of any endowment of fuch curate or curates by any other body politick or corporate, or other perfon or perfons who (hall or may endow the fame.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforrfaid. That fuch perpetual curates fo to be appointed by virtue of this aft, (hall be licenfed by the faid archbifhop and bifhops refpeftively, in fucli manner as other curates are by law to be been fed, and fo (hall their fucceflora from time to time be in like manner licenfed upon every vacancy of any fuch cures by the death or removal of fuch curate* or by hia acceptance of any other cure, or of any bene hee w ith cur^ of fouls.

IV.	And whereas in and hv a (latute made in this kingr dom in the tenth year of the reign of King George the firli* it is enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fcvcral and refpeftive deans and chapters within this realm of Ireland, by and with the confent of the archbifhop of the province and the bifhop of the dioccfe, certified under their hands and archiepifcopal and epifcopal feals, to endow any vicarage or curacy in any parifh, the church whereof ij appropriate to them belonging, with a convenient poiti-on of glebe or tithes, qt both, belonging fuch dean and chapter in fuch paiifh pr parifhes, and afio with the confent aforefaid to augment fuch endowments as have been already made for the fupport of a proper vicar or curate for performance of divine fervicc and cure of fouls within the fame* faving to the then tenants of fuch glebes and tithes, all their rights and title during their refpeftive leafes; be it enafted^ That it (hall and may be lawful for the archbifhops and bifhops refpeftively of this kingdom, with fuch confents, and \o be regiftered as herein before mentioned, relative to the making of appropriate parities perpetual cures, and with a faving to the then tenants of fuch glebes and tithes, of all their right and title during their refpeftive leafes, to endow any vicarages or curacies, to them appropriate, and to augment the endowment of fuch vicarages or curacies in fuch manner, to all intents and purpofe^, as deans and chapter^ are by the faid lait mentioned aft, empowered to do; and that fuch foundations and endowments of curacies, and fuch endowments anti augmentations of vicarages under this act, {hall be a* valid and efieftual, as if made by fuch archbifhops and birtiops refpeftively, under any other la^’s or (latute^ pow in foiee in thi? kingdom.

*J*he t*wcntj-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III*

V.	And whereas by an aft of Parliament made in the tbirty-firll year of the reign of his late Majelty King George the fecond, entitled, yin aft more effeftually to enable the clergy, having cure of fouls, to refide upon their refpeftive benefices, and to build on their refpeftive glebe lands, it was enafted. That it Recital of fhall be lawful for every archbifhop, bifhop, dean and chapter* a- c- I,# dignitary or prebendary, to grant any land to their archbi-lboprick, biflioprick, deanry, capitular body, dignity, or pTebend belonging, for a glebe to any parifh, at whatfoever diitance it may be front the fame, with fuch confents, and

under fuch rellriftior.s as in the feveral afts of Parliament in the faid recited act of the thirty-full of hie late Majelly King George the fecond refpectively, are mentioned, to the intent that fuch lands fo granted may be afterwards exchanged for other lands lying near the church, and more convenient for the refidence of an incumbent or curate : provided that every grant fo made of lands at a dillance for glebe, Ihould be abfolutely void, unlefs an exchange for other lands lying nearer and more Convenient be made and perfected purfuant to the faid acts, within the fpace of two years after the making fuch grant.

VI.	And whereas it would tend very much to the better Tenant in fee and more fully carrying into execution the good intention of the or uil in poflef-faid iirft recited aft, if a like power was veiled in all perfons ^Ion

feifed of an ellate in fee fimple, op in tail, of lands diftant ^ta^caa,“® from the parilhes fo intended to be endowed with glebes: glebe, Sec. be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it lhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons being feifed of an ellate in fee fimple, or in tail in poflellion, to grant any part of fuch lands, not exceeding forty acres plantation mealure, as a glebe for the incumbent or miniller of any parifh having aftual cure of fouls, and his fucceflbrs, or to any perfon or perfons and their heirs in trull for any curate or ecclefiallical perfon having the aftual cure of fouls in any appropriate or impropriate benefice and their refpeftive fuccelfors, at whatever dillance fuch lands may be from fuch parifh, in as full and ample manner as tenants in fee, and tenants in tail are by the laws and llatutes of this kingdom now impowered to do with refpeft to lands lying conveniently for the refidence of any incumbent or curate of any appropriate or impropriate benefice.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Tenant for it lhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons being Hfe or in tail feifed of an ellate for life or in tail iu pofTftlbn, with re- remainder to mainder over to his, her, or their own ilTue, in any lands

which lie convenient for a glebe to any parifh fo endowed as	the

aforefaid, to exchange fuch part of the lands of which they gkbe ar a dii fhall be fo feifed, being no part of the demef.ie lands, ufu- tance, as herein, ally occupied with or reputed as dcmcfrie to the manuon or ,	chief

X*

The twnfy^hird end twntj-foxrtb Tears of George III.

A. D.	chief dwelling houfe belonging to foch tenant for life, or

1783 4.	tenant in tail, fur the glebe fo lying at a diilance or fuch

Chap. 49. part thereof as fhaD appear to be of equal value, in as foil and <\r.pi * manner as if the perfon or perfons fo fetfed had an	in	fee	fimpie	or in tail; provided, that every grant

fo made of lands at a di(lance*for glebe, (hall be abfohitdy void, unlefs an exchange for other lands lying nearer and more conven ent, be made and perfected purfuant to the fe-veral ads of Parliament now in force in this kingdom, within the fpace of two years after making fuch grant; and aH lands fo exchanged for the lands fo granted, (hall be adjudged to be from thenceforth glebe or demefne lands belonging to each parifh refpcdi*dy, and (hall be fubjetl to and regulated bv all clauses and limitations in all laws made for die endowment of churches with glebes, and for the encouragement of building of houfes, and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and for the better enabling clergy having cure of fouls to irfide on their relpe&ive parilhes, provided the bifbop of the diocefe with his dean and chapter, under their common feals, and the patron of fuch church or his lawful attorney, where the patronage is in any other than the bifhop under his hand and fcal to fucli deeds of exchange approve thereof, and where the patronage is in the crown, the chief governors (hall be empowered to give confent to fuch deeds of exchange, in writing under their hands and feals; and that before the fealing and perfecting fuch deeds of exchange, the fheriff of the county where either of the lands to be exchnn red (hall be, at the requeft of the bifhop, patron, and the parties concerned, may call a jury of twelve indifferent freeholders, whereof notice (hail be given at fome preceding county court, and likewife of the time and place where end when the jury is to meet, and the laid jury (hall enquire ef the true value and quantity and conveniemry of the lands fo to be exchanged, by the oaths of good, knowing and fu!>-ftantial witneffe», and the faid value and convenieney fo found, together with the mears ami bounds thereof, (hall be returned to the bifhop where the lands to be exchanged are, who (hall procure the faid return and deeds of exchange to be recorded in the court of exchequer in the firft remembrancer^ office, for which inqueft the fheriff (hall receive by way of fees, ten (hillings, and the faid remembrancer (hall put the fame on record, and for recording the fame and the laid deeds, (hall receive fix (hillings and eight pence, in all which cafes fuch old glebe or the part of the glebe fo given in exchange, (hall be to fuch ufes as the land given for the fame was formerly limited.

VIII.	And whereas fuch appropriate parifhes ar* often fo little, that fundry of them will not ferve when endowed for

the

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	367

the fuftentation of one incumbent: be it ena&ed by the	A. D.

authority aforefaid, That it {hall be lawful for every arch-	1783-4.

bi/hop, with the confent of his dean and chapter, and for Chap. 49* every biftiop with the confent of the dean and chapter of the diocefe, and where there is no dean and chapter, then of the Archbifhop*, major part of the beneficed clergy of the diocefe, and alfo ^a^iThe of the archbiihop of the province, and patron or patrons t^0 of fakl pariflies under their hands and feals, to unite two or into one perpe-more of fuch appropriate parilhes into one perpetual cure, tual cure, &c. and to unite one or more fuch appropriate parifti or parifhes as herein, to any other benefice or benefices contiguous thereto, provided the entire value of each of fuch refpective unions do not exceed one hundred pounds by the year.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That on fuch en-

it (hall and may be lawful for the archbiihop or bifhop of dowmenta not the diocefe wherein any fuch endowment as aforefaid {hall	forlUe

be granted, or {hall in purfuance of any act of Parliament

now in force be hereafter granted by writing under his hand and archiepifcopal or epifcopal feal, to allocate and appoint any part of any lands fo to be granted as a perpetual glebe, not exceeding fix acres, as and for demefnes for a matter of a free fchool, and fexton of the parifti, in fuch proportions as fuch archbifhop or bifhop ftiall judge to be proper, and the fame from henceforth {hall for ever be deemed feveral-ly the demefnes of the mailer of the free fchool and fexton * of fuch parifti for the time being ; provided that no fuch mailer of a free fchool, or fexton, {hall be qualified to vote at the election of any member to ferve in Parliament as a freeholder by virtue of fuch grant.

X.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That church war-every perfon who fhall be duly ele&ed or nominated a church- dens deemed warden after the expiration of fix weeks, to be computed legal after fir from the day of the entry of his faid eledlion or nomination weeks, 6tc.

in the veftry book of every parifti union, Or chapelry, ftiall be deemed and taken and is hereby declared to be the legal church warden of fuch parifti, union or chapelry to all intents and purpofes of this act, and of the feveral a£ls now in force for the better keeping churches in repair, although fuch church-warden ftiall have neglected or refufed to take the ufualoath of office in the manner preferibed by law, and the faid election or nomination ftiall be entered in the veftry book of every parifti, union, or chapelry, figned by the rector, vicar, or curate* or any one of them, and three of the pariftiiontrs then prefent at lead, and the faid act of veftry fo figned ftiall be confidered and received as conclulive evidence of fuch election or nomination, although the fame »

{hall not be figned by the faid church-wardens or either of them.

CHAP.

A. D. 1783-4.

*The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Teart of George III.

CHAP. L.

An AH for more effeBuaVy preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom^ and the uttering or paying of falfe or counterfeit Coin.

Colouring or mitering lawful or falfe (hilling or fixpcnce, to rdemble a guinea or half a guinea, &c. nigh creafon.

Utteting falfe ‘money knowingly impri-foned 6 mouths, 6c c.

WHEREAS it is expedient effectually to present the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom, and the littering and paying of falfe or counterfeit coin ; be it cnaCtcd by the King's mod excellent Majcfly, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon whatfo-ever fhall, after the firfl day of June, in the year of our Lord or.e thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, wafh, gild, or colour any of the lawful filver coin called a {billing, or any fix pence, or a counterfeit or falfe (hilling or fixpence, or add to or alter the impreflion, or any part of the impreflion of either fide of fuch lawful, or counterfeit fnilling or fix pence, with intrnt to make fuch (hilling refemb.e or look like, or pafs for a piece of lawful gold coin called a guinea, or with intent to make fuch fix pence rcfemble or look like, or pafs for a piece of lawful gold coin called an half guinea, or (hall file, or any wife alter, wnfh, or colour any of the brafs money called halfpence or farthings, or add to or alter the impreflion or any part of the impreflion of either fide of an halfpenny or farthing, with an intent to make an halfpenny rcfemble or look like, or pafs for a lawful (hilling, r>r with an intent to make a farthing refemble or look like, or pafs for a lawful fix' pence, the perfon and perfons fo offending in any of the matters a-forelaid, their councilors, aiders, abettors, and procurers, fhall be, and is and are hereby adjudged to be guilty of high treafon.

II And whereas the uttering of falfe money, knowing It to be falfe, is a crime frequently committed, and the offenders therein, are not deterred, the fame being only a mifdemea-nour, and the ptmifhment very often but final!, though there be great reafen to believe that the common utterers of fuch falfe money are either them (elves the coiners, or in confederacy with the coiners thereof: for preventing whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority aferefaid, That if any perfon whatfoever, fhall after the faid full day of June, utter or tender in payment any falfe or counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, to any perfon or perfons, and (hall be thereof convicted, fuch perfon fo offending (hall fuffer fix months imprisonment, and find furetics for his or her good behaviour for fix months more, to be computed from

the

Digitized by UooQLe

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

the end of the faid firft fix months ; and if the fame perfon (hall afterwards be convi&ed a fecond time of the like offence of uttering or tendering in payment any falfe or counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be fo, fuch perfon (hall for fuch fecond offence fuffer two years imprifonment, and find fure-tics for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the faid hrft two years ; and if the fame perfon (hall afterwards offend a third time in uttering or tendering in payment any falfe or counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be fo, and (hall be convi&ed of fuch third offence, he or (he (hall be, and is hereby adjudged to be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon whatfoever (hall, after the faid firft day ^noney, &c. of June, utter or tender in payment any falfe or counterfeit J^^hed «a money, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, to any perfon or perfons, and (hall either the fame day, or within the fpace of ten days then next, utter or tender in payment any more or other falfe or counterfeit money, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, to the fame perfon or perfons, or to any other perfon or perfons, or (hall at the time of fuch uttering or tendering have about him or her in his or her cuftody, one or more piece or pieces, of counterfeit money, befides what (hall have been fo uttered or tendered, then fuch perfon fo uttering or tendering the fame, (hall be deemed and taken to be a common utterer of falfe money, and being thereof convi&ed, (hall fuffer a year's imprifonment, and fball find fureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the faid year; and if any perfon having been once fo convi&ed as a common utterer of falfe money, (hall afterwards again utter or tender in payment any falfe or counterfeit money, to any perfon or perfons, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, theu fuch perfon being thereof convi&ed, (hall for fuch fecond offence be, and is hereby adjudged to be guilty of felony without benefit of clergy.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Treafons **• That the perfon or perfons convi&ed of any of the treafons der this a&,

or felonies refpe&ively herein before mentioned (hall fuffer n° corruption death as in cafe of high treafon and felony refpe&ively, but the blood of the heirs of fuch offender (hall not be thereby corrupted, nor (hall his wife thereby forfeit or lofe her dower out of or in his lands or realeilate.

V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,	Juft ices may That it (Hall and may be lawfj. to and for any one juft ice of fearch-the peace, on complaint made before him upon oath of one ^^offufpi-credible perfon, that there is juft caufe to fufpeA that any cion of coking, one or more perfon or perfons hath or have been concerned See.

in counterfeiting the gold, filver, or copper money of this Voim VII.	A	a	realm*

2*9

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 50.

Uttering fidff

J

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George 11L

realm, by warrant under his hand, to caufe the dwellings houfe, room, work-fhop, out-houfe, yard, garden, or other place belonging to fiich fufpe&ed perfon or perfons, to be fearched for tools and implements for coining gold, lilver3 and copper.monies; and if any fuch tool or implement (hall at any time be found hid, or concealed in any place fo fearched, or be found in the cuflody or poffeffion of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, not then employed in the coining of money in fomt of his Majcfty’s mint*, nor having the fame by fome lawful authority, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever difeovering the fame, to lcizc, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to feize the fame, and to carry them forthwith to fome j till ice of the peace of the county, city, or place where the lame (hall be feized, who (hall caufe the fame to be fe-curcd, and produced in evidence againft fuch perfon or per-fens as (hall or may be profecuted for any of the offences aforefaid, and after fuch time as they, or any of them fhall have been piodneed in evidence, as well the fame fo produced, as the others fo feized and not made ufe of in evidence; and every of them (hall forthwith, by order of the court where fuch offender or offenders (hall be tried, or by order of fuch or fome other juft ice of the peace in cafe there be no fuch trial, be defaced and deftroyed, or otherwife difpofed of as fuch court or fuch julliec (hall dire&.

VI.	And whereas the coining or counterfeiting any of the copper money of this kingdom, is by law a mifdc-bra'* or o-pper meanor only, and the punifhment thereof is frequently n oj cv, &c. trivial: be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, felony	That if any perfon whatfoever (hall after the faid firft day

of June, make, coin, or counterfeit any brafs or copper money, commonly called a halfpenny, or a farthing, fuch perfon offending therein, and his, her, and their aiders, abettors, and procurers, being thereof convi&ed, (hall be ad-judged guiltv of felony. fVrfon* <niil- VII. And be it further enabled. That the perfon and per-rv, indicted as fons that (hall he guilty of any of the treafons, felonies, of iieicin.	crimes aforefaid, (hall be indi&cd, arraigned, tried, and

convifled by fuch like evidence, and in ftich manner as it now ufed and allowed againft any offenders for counterfeiting the lawful coin : provided that there Jhall be no profecu* tion for any of the offences made treafon or felony by thi# a6l, ur.iefs fuch profecuticn fhall be commenced within two years next after fuch offence (hall he committed.

Securing, VI] I. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ice. iouDterfcic That if any perfon or perfon'. fhall, after the faid firil day of

jn.inty at Ids June, buy, fell, take, receive, pay, or put off any counterfeit than it« valu*. J	,	r	'	r	.	»	•	3	.	c

&t*DT	copper money, not melted down or cut m pieces, at or for

b lower rate or value than the fame by ittf denomination do op

lining or f-ftuntt tftirinp

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	371

fhall import, or was counterfeited for, every filch perfon (hall A. D. be adjudged guilty of felony.	1783-4.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Chap. 50. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, after the faid firft day of V*—

June, without lawful authority from his Majefly, his heirs or To make, fucceffors, and without fufficicnt excufe, knowingly make or ™Cnfj0°rfo*ve mend, or have in his, her, or their houfe or houles, cuftody, coming, &c.

Or poifeflion any puncheon, counter puncheon, matrix, ftamp, punifoed at dif* dye, edger, cutting engine, prefs, flafk, pattern, mold, or cretion of judge, other tool or inftrument fit for coining copper coin, or for counterfeiting any copper coin now current, or hereafter to be

made current in this kingdom, fuch perfon (hall be adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanour, and being convi&ed thereof, (hall be liable to be punifhed by fine, imprifonment, and other corporal punifhment, at the diferetion of the judge before whom fuch perfon fhall be convidted.

X.	And be it further enadtCd, That whoever fhall after Proftcuton

the faid firft day of June apprehend any perfon or perfons f°rtrcafon or who (hall have committed any of the offences hereby made	judge’*

high treafon or felony, and fhall profecute fuch offenders un- certificate, Sec, til he, fhe, or they fhall be thereof convidled, fuch profecu-

tor or profecutors fhall within twenty one days after conviction, have and receive from the collector of the diftridt where luch offence fhall have been committed, for every fuch offender fo convicted of any of the treafons or felonies aforefaid, the fum of ten pounds, without paying any fee for the fame, upon making a demand of and tendering a certificate * to fuch collector for the time being, under the hand of the judge before whom fuch convi&ion fhall have been made, certifying fueh conviction, and that the offender or offender* were apprehended and profecuted by the perfons claiming the (aid reward, and thereby dirc&ing in what fliares and proportions the faid reward fhall be paid and divided to and amongft fuch profecutor or profecutors, which certificate the faid judge is required to give without delay or fee; and if fuch collector fhall not pay fuch reward accordingly within the time aforefaid, he or they fhall forfeit to fuch profecutor or profecutors refpeCtively double the fum which by the faid certificate (hall be dire^ed to be feverally paid to them, to be recovered by him, her, or them, or his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, by a&ion of debt, bill, or information, with treble cofts of fuit expended or paid in recovering the fame ; and fuch collectors fhall be allowed or may deduCt fuch rewards upon their accounting with his Majefly, without any fee to be paid in refpeCt thereof.

XI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Perfona djf-That whoever, being out of prifon, fhall after the faid firft ^5 (fo*a* con-day of June* commit any of the offences aforefaid, and fhall viaed) par*

A a 2	afterwards

S3J

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A. D.

Clw(>. 50.

Ckrk of the crown’* certify ate proof of former ton-vhiuon.

Halfpence im-porttd. Ac. t - 1>V fti/rcl and cbtuiuuticO.

I

Melfrd, and fold publickiy.

Ftcept coined in die mint, and imported, \c. not exceeding i».

afterwards difeover two or more perfons who (hall after the time aforefaid, have committed any of the faid offences, foas fitch two or more perfons (hall be thereof convided, fuck dilcoverer fhall have and is hereby intitled to his Majeily’s mod gracious pat don, for fuch his or her offences.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon (hall be convicted of uttering or tendering falfe or counterfeit money as aiforefaid, and (hall afterward* be guilty of the like offence in afty other county or city, the clerk of the crown, or clcik of the jkace for the county or city where fuch conviction was fo had, fhall at the requeft of fuch profecutor, or *ny other on his Majefly’s behalf, certify the Lire by a tranfeript in a few words, containing the effect and teuor of fuch conviction, for which certificate two (hillings and dx pence, and no more, (hall be paid, and fuch certificate being produced in court (hall be fufneient proof of luch former conviction.

XIII.	And whereas large quantities of halfpence hare of late bten imported or attempted to be lauded in this kingdom^ either as fuch or under the denomination of copper, for the purpofe of uttering fuch halfpence in this kingdom : and whereas fuch halfpence, if they’ were not counterfeit, could not be imported without great h>is: he it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all halfpence which (hall be imported into, or attempted to belauded in this Kingdom, under whatever denomination, (hall be liable to be ftized, tried, and condemned in like manner, and by luch ways, mean*, and methods as if the fame were excife-able goods imported into this kingdom, without due entry thereof firft made.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That fuch halfpence, when condemned, fhall be melted dow n, and then fold by publick Lie to the bell bidder, one moiety of the produce to be paid to his Majcily, Ms heirs and fucceflbrs, the other to the officer1or officers vbo (hall feize the fame.

XV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall be con limed to extend to fuch halfpence as (hall he corned in any of his Majelly’s mints, for the life of this kingdom, and which (hall be imported under the direction of the teller of the exchequer of this kingdom, or to fuch halfpence, not exceeding the value of one (hilling, as paffengeri or other perfons may have in their pockets for picfent uici

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III,

CHAP. LI.

373 .A. D. x7^3'4-

An A3 for vejllng the Iainds of Knock roe, and other Landt In tljc County of Waterford, in his Majcjly, his Heirs and Succejfors, to the Ujts therein exfrejfed, and for other Purfofes,'

WHEREAS in and by an aft palled in the fourteenth Recital of and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty x4 & r5 C a. King Charles the fecond, entitled, An aft for the better exe- c ? ** Z&Z* cut ion of his Majjty’s gracious declaration for the fettlement of	1

his Majejly*s kingdom of Ireland, and falisfadion of the feveral interejls of adventurers, foldiers, and other his fubjeds there, it is among othtfr things enacted and provided to the effeft following. That the commillioners for execution of the faid aft, fhould fit out or caufe to be fi t out fo much of the forfeited lands as fhould amount unto the clear yearly value of* three hundred pounds per annum, and as flioujd be nearelfe adjacent to and lie moll contiguous unto the fort of Dun-cannon, which lands fo as aforefaid to be fet out fhould be referved unto his faid Majelty, his heirs and fueceflors, to	f

the intent that the rents, iflfues and profits thereof may for ever be employed for and towards the better fup-port and maintenance of the fort aforefaid, and all and every the adventurers and foldiers, and other reprizahle perfons to whom any of the faid lands fo rs aforefaid to be fet out, had been theretofore allotted or difpof-ed, fhould be forthwith reprized out of fomc other for*, feited lands of an ellate of equal value, worth, and pur-chafe, any thing in the faid act contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

II. iAnd whereas in and by an aft pafTed In the feven- R«ital of teenth and eighteenth years of the fame reign, entitled. An 17 5c r8 C. 2. Ad for the explaining of fume doubts arlfing upon an ad, en- c *• f. so. titled, An ad for the better execution of his Majejly's gracious, declaration for the fettlement of his kingdom of Ireland, and fa-tisfadion of the feveral interejls of adventurers, folders, and other his fubjeds there, and for making fame a terations of and adsfitions unto the faid ad for the more fjxedy and effectualfettlement of the faid kingdom, it is amongft other things grafted and provided, That the commillioners therein mentioned, fhould fet out fo many acres of profitable land as might be • •	/

of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or might be	4

fufficient to anfwer and fecure a yearly rent charge of three hundred pounds per annum, to be iffiiing out of the fame, to the iotxnt that the. fame might be a perpetual revenue for

aivi

Digitized by

Google

374

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Teart of George IlT,

. A. D.

1783-+-

Chap. 51.

Land* fct out i? purfuance of faid actiand ▼efted in tniftce*.

by patent, Cat- 2.

Tke land* veiled in othet truftccs by io W.3 C. .S.

and towards the fuppo^t and maintenance of the fort at . Duncannon, and he fettled for that purpofe in fuch way and manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors* and council for the time being fhould direfct, and that in the fetting out of the faid lands, the com-miflioners fhould not he obliged to proceed by any rules of contiguity, but only to take care that the value intended be fecured.

III. And whereas in purfuance of the faid acts*.the faid c«mmiflioner8 did fet out the fcveral forfeited lands herein after mentioned, that is to fay, the lands of Knockroc aud Paflage, containing one hundred and fifty nine acres j Crook, containing two hundred and feventy five acres; Newtown, containing two hundred and ftxty fix acres \ Knockneggple, containing eighty two acres ; Rahin, con; taining ninety fou; acres i and in Fatleg, which were retrenched by captain Bolton, containing two hundred and feventy two acres in the barony of Galtire in the county of Waterford, or county of the city of Waterford, and referred the fame unto his late Majefty King Charles the fecond, for the fulfilling and anfweringthe intents and purpofes aforc-faid ; and his laid late Majefty did by letters patent, bearing date the • twenty-firft day of May, in the twenty-firft year of bis faid late Majefty’a reign, grant the fame unto, Kichard earl of Arran, Marcus lord vifeount Dungannon, Sir John Temple, knight, then mafter of the rolk of thi* kingdom, Sir Robert Byrane, and Sir Theophihis Jones, and the heirs of the furvivor of them, in truft for and to anfvyer the ufes, intents and purpofes aforefaid, and not any way for the ufe, benefit or behoof of the faid patentees, or any of them, or any of their heirs: and whereas the right honourable Richard late earl of Arran, furvived all and every the faid other patentees, and ^became feized of all and every the faid lands by furvivorfhip, to the jifes, intents and purpofes. aforyfaid, and the fame after the deceafe of the laid earl, defeended upon the honourable the , Lady Charlotte Butler, only daughter and heirefs of the faid earl ; and yrhereas on account of the minority of the faid lady Charlotte Butlyr, and of her ufuai refidencc in England, the faid trulls and purpofes could not be executed; as the publick fervice required, and it thereby became neceflary to veft the faid lands in pther truftees for the £aid purpofes : and whereas by an aft pafled in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King William the third, entitled, Sfn ad for the better management and difpofal of the lands fet apart for the fujr port of the fort of Duncannon, it is enafted and provided. That the faid lands fhould be veiled in Philip Savage, efquire^ Thomas Broderick, efquire, colonel William Ponfonby, Sir



Digitizi c^ooQle

%

*The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

John Mafon, and Allen Broderick, efquire, their heirs and afBgns in truft for and to anfwer the nfes, intents apd pur-pofes aforefaid, and to no other ufe, truft or purpofe whatfoever : and whereas your Majefty hath been gracioufly pleai'ed to exprels your royal intention of encouraging certain citizens of Geneva to fettle in this your Majefty’s kingdom of Ireland, by incorporating the faid citizens, and by granting to them a fufficient quantity of land for their fet-tlement : and whereas the aforefaid lands, or a part of them by their nature andfituation are well adapted to the eftablifh-ment of a corporation defigned for the advancement of commerce and manufactures : and whereas it will be conducive to the interefts of this kingdom that your Majefty (hould be enabled to grant the fame, or a part of them to the faid citizens of Geneva, or otherwife to difpofe of the fame in fuch manner as to your Majefty’s ruyal wifdom (hall feem meet; may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enaded: and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid lands, and all" the eftate, tight, title and intereft in and to the faid towns and lands above mentioned, which by the laft recited ads were vetted in the faid Philip Savage, efquire, Thomas Broderick, efquire, colonel William Ponfonby, Sir John Mafon, and Allen Broderick, efquire, their heirs and affigns, which came and defeended to and are now veiled in the heir of the ‘ furvivor of the faid Philip Savage, Thomas Broderick, efquire, colonel William Ponfonby, Sir John Mafon, and Allen Broderick, efquire, or in his or their alTigns or af-fignee9, or the heir of fuch affignee or aflignees (hall be and hereby are vetted and adjudged to be vetted in your Majefty, your heirs and fucceftors, freed and dif-charged from the above ufes, and from all ufes whatfo-cver heietofore limited by the faid ads or any of them,^ or otherwife, Caving to all perfons whatfoever, and to aft bodies politick and corporate, all fuch poffeffion, eftate, right, tjtie, claim, demand, entry, adion, or caufe of action whatfoever in law or equity, as the faid perfons or any of them had or might have had if this prefent ad had notr been made.

IV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid; That from' and after the palling of this ad, it (hall and may be granted to anp lawful for your Majefty, your heirs or fuccdTors, to grant °0<1y politick the faid lands, or any part- or parcel of the fame, to any bo- Majcfty^&c. dy or bodies, politick or corporate, now being or hereafter (hall feem m«cci to be created, or to any perfon or perfons in his or their politick capacity for fuch eftates, on fuch condition?) andfub-	,

jefo

May be-

*

37$

CenefiQ citizens, 6c c. coming to re* fide, &c. deem-

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

je& to fuch limitations and reftri&ions as your Majcfty^ your heirs and fucceffors fhall by your letters patent, limit and appoint of and concerning the fame, and that all fuch eflates, limitations, reftri&ions and conditions (hall be, and fhall be adjudged to be good and fufficient in law according to* the intent and meaning of fuch letters patent, as fully as if the fame were herein particularly fet forth, any law, flatute, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith* (landing.

V. And whereas it may be neccflary and expedient, in. cafe your Majefly fhould hereafter incorporate the afore*

_____________ faid citizens of Geneva, or other proteftant foreigners

ed natural.born coming to refide in tliis * kingdom, that fuch foreigners fubjefts,	fhould be naturalized : be it enadfed by the authority afore-

faid. That from and after fuch incorporation, the aforefaid citizens of Geneva, or other proteflant foreigners who. fhall be incorporated as aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be natural born fubje&g of this kingdom, and fhall be entitled to and enjoy all the rights, privileges and immunities which the natural born fubje&s of this kingdom are entitled to and enjoy, every fuch foreigner having firfl taken the oath appointed to be taken by an adt pafTed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of your Majcfty’t reign, entitled, An ad fist-naturalizing fuch foreign merchants, traders, artificers, arttzant^ manufacturers, workmen, ft amen, farmers, and others as JbaB fettle in this kingdom, in the manner by the faid, ad directed.

VI ^Provided always, and it is hereby cnaded. That note members of thing herein contained fhall extend or be conflrued to either houfe, extend to qualify any fuch foreigner to be created or eleded a member of either houle of Parliament, or. *o be appointed or admitted to be a member gf his, Majefty’s moil honourable privy council in this kingdom^

CHAP. LII.

jin AS for letter regulating the Police of the City of WaUr< fordL

<IT7,HEREA$ the court of confcience held before the * mayor of the county of the city of Waterford, for determining caufes in all fxnall debts between patty and party, under the value of ten fhillings, has been of great ufe, and will be of ftill greater advantage to the inhabitants thereof, if the jurifdidion of faid court be extended to the determination of caufes in all fmall debts between party and party, under the value of forty fhillings: and whereas the mayor of (he faid city of Waterford cannot attend the

folding

taking the oath by 19 Sc 20 G. 3. c. *9.

But not to

6c c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

folding of the faid court of conference as regularly as the fame might be held for the benefit of the fuitors therein, by reafon of his neceflary attendance which he is obliged to give to the other duties of his office: be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majdly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That in all times hereafter, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousand feven hundred and eighty-four, the mayor of the faid city of Waterford for the time being may, and (hall be hereby exonerated from attending upon tire faid court of confidence, during the year in which he (hall ferve in the office of mayor of the faid city, and the perfon who (hall have ferved in the office of mayor of the faid city for the next preceding year, (hall prefide in the faid court of conscience for the (pace of one year next after he (hall have ferved in the office of mayor of faid city ; and that the perfon whq by virtue of, this ad fhnll prefide in the faid court of confidence, (hall for ever hereafter have full power and authority to hear and finally determine caufes in all finall debts between party and party, under the value of forty (hillings, and moreover (hall for ever hereafter have and exercife all the powers, authorities, and jurifdidions, and have and enjoy all the pre-eminences, emoluments,* and advantages during the time .he (hall prefide therein, which the mayor of the faid city hath heretofore had, exercifed, or enjoyed i0 the faid court of confidence, having firft taken Jiis corporal oath before the mayor of faid city for the time being, or his deputy, rightly, truly, and faithfully to execute all and lingular the; things which belong to the office of prefident of the faid court of confidence.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if it (hall happen that faid prefident for the time being is fickor indifpofed, fo that he cannot attend the neceflary bulinef8 of faid office, that then, and fo often, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid prefident for the rime being, to make and appoint one other of the aldermen, who hath heretofore ferved the office of mayor of the faid city, to be deputy of faid prefident for the time being, to be continued in faid office during the abfence or ficknels of faid prefident fpr the titae being, which faid alderman fo to be deputed, may have and exercife all the powers, authorities, andjurif-di&ions, and have and enjoy all the pre-eminence*, emoluments, and advantages during the abfence or ficknefs of faid prefident for the time being, which the faid prefident exercifed or enjoyed in tfie faid court of confidence, laving firft taken fucb path as aforefaid,

v	3	III.	And

Mayor of

Waterford rx-on.r-i cd from attcndiug coart of conicicncc,^ Sec. as herein.

And iffiefc, appoint, as deputy, an aider-man, Sic. at herein.

Digitized by

G< :>gle



37*

A. D.

17^3"4*

Chap. 52.

____

On prtfidtnt’i death, an alderman appointed.

Procefs rc-tvrouhlc in '4 durn agaiuA bvd) cr goods for Ton * decreed, 3vC.

No caufe Kard uukfs as boon.

Pfaimi/P* oath of fcnrice not conclniive.

Noperfon cvrfincd fnr debt, except a» herein.

The twenty-tfnrd and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of any occafional vacancy happening within the year, by the death of the perfon preftding in the faid eouit of corlfcience, that fuch vacancy (hall be filled up by the mayor and common council of faid city, by appointing one other of the aldermen of faid city, who hath heretofore ferved the office of mayor of faid city, in the room of fuch prefident who (hall have died as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid prefident for the time being, or his fufficient deputy, to iffue procefs from time to time in the nature of an execution or executions, returnable in fourteen days from the ted of fuch pro-cefs, againll the body or goods of the defendant or defendants in cafeof a decree agaiuft fuch defendant or defendants for the recovery of all fuch fums fo decreed ; which execution or executions the high conftable of the faid city for the time being, to whom the fame may be dire&ed, (hall and is hereby required to execute accordingly.

V.	Provided always, That no fuch caufe (hall be heard, or decree pronounced, until it (hall be proved upon oath before the faid prefident or his deputy for the time being, by fomc perfon of the age of fixteeh years and upwards, that the defendant or one of his or her family, were ferved at their place of abode, with a fummons in writing twenty-four hours previous to the hearing and determining of fuch caufe.

VI.	And provided alfo, That the oath or affirmation of the plaintiff in fuch caufe, (hall not alone be conciuiive evidence for him or her againfl fuch defendants

VII.	Provided always, That no perfon fhaH be longer confined by virtue of any warrant, commitment, or execution by the perfon who (hal) prefide in the faid court of confidence, under fuch authority or jurifdi&ion of the feid court of confidence, for any debts, not* exceeding m the whole twenty (hillings, than three months, to be computed from the firft day of fuch commitment ; and that no perfon (hall be longer confined by the authority aforefaid, for any debts exceeding twenty (hillings, and under forty fhiQings^ than the term of fix months, to be computed as above ; and that from and after the refpedtivc determinations of fuch confinements, the debt or debts for which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been fo confined, (hall be totally discharged to aU intents and purpofes, at if fuch debtor or dtbfcort had a^ually paid the fame.

VIII.	And whereas the method of recovering fmafi debts in a fummaty way by civil bill, hath been found by experience to be highly beneficial to the fabjeft t be it there^ tore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from

and

-Digitized by

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears if George III.	379

and after the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year	A. D.

pne thoufand feyen hundred and eighty-four, it /hall and may	1783-4*

be lawful to and for the mayor and recorder of laid city for Chap. 5 a. the time being, or in the abfence of the (aid mayor, that it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the recorder of (aid city. Mayor or ^nd that they may be hereby impowered, four times in every recorder, Sec. year, at the times herein after appointed, to hear and determine in a fummary way by Englifh bill, or paper peti-tion, all difpptes and differences betweeu party and party i„g 40*. and not ariling within the liberties and jurifdidions of the laid city, above 10I in for any fum above forty {hillings, and not exceeding ten debt. Sec. pounds, in all a&lons of debt on any bond, bill, or Ipcci* alty for payment of money only ; and in a&ions on the cafe and not above on any promifibry note, or inland bill of exchaoge, or for 51. ,n ofc. Sec. any fum above forty {hillings, and not exceeding five and decree, pounds, in all a&ions on the cafe, in afumbpi, utfimul, com- &c- .** iud»c*

f -	r	•	•	,	oucircu	tdo,

putapt, trover, converjion, quantum meruit, and detiu«r, and £c as to make and renew fuch decrees anddifmiiTas with fuch cofts, and to award and iffiie fuch execution againll the goods of the party, with fuch powers for trying aay controverted fa&, and under fuch fees, regulations, provifions, dire&i-ons, and remedies for enforcing the appearance of parties and witnefies, and for punifhing witnefles giving falfe telii* jnony, and iheriffs and other officers negle&iag their duty in the execution of the premiffes, and in all refpe&s to exercife fuch jurifdi&ions and powers concerning the faid Englifh bills, as the judges pf affize are impowered to exercilc in their refpe&ive circuits, by the a& made in the fccond year pf the reign of George the firft, and as the (ame now ftands * explained, extended and amended by two a&s made in the eighth year of the reign *>f George the firft, and in the firft year of the reign pf George the fecond, or by any other fubfequent a& made in this kingdom; fubje& never-thelefs, to the feveral provifions, reftri&ions, and qualifications in this prefent a& exprefled and contained.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority a fore fa id,	A ^

That the court to be held for determining civil bills under record, and this a&, {hall be a court of record, to be held four times in held four times the year, that is to fay, in the firft week after the fixth day	®tc*	**

of January, in the firft week after Eafter, in the firft week after the feventhday of July, and in the firft week after the twenty.ninth day of September, and to be continued by ad^ joumment for one week after each of the days that the fame {hall be held, if necefiary ; and that the town clerk for faid city for the time being {hall act as regifter or clerk of fuch civil bills, and that the faid town clerk, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, {hall be entitled to receive fuch fees as }he judges clerk, or regi(lcr of civil bills is entitled to re-

ceivc

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Attorn ie< quailing in four court, admitted.

Defendant* ferved v ith pn.rtis 12 days lcf< re court fit..

Jury impan-Belleti at requell ot plaint in or .defendant. Sec.

Jurors not attending faid coin t, fined not above $1.

The twenty^third and twenty-fourth Tears of George

ceive by virtue of die before mendoned adb, or any e*f them.

X.	And be It further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all perfons fliall be admitted to practice aS attornies in the faid court who are qualified to practice as fuch in any of hi*3 Majjfty’s four courts in Dublin.

XI.	Provided always, and be it cnafted by the authority* aforefaid. That wheu any perfon fliall fue on any -civil bill by virtue of this a& within the county of the city of Waterford, the de fendant, or in his abfence (if he be not then out of the kingdom) his wife, fon, or daughter, or anv other relation or fervant of the age of fifteen years, and dwelling in. his houfe, (hall be ferved with ptoctfs, by thewing the original to, and leaving a copy thereof with him, her, or them, 'twelve days inclufive, before the firft Jay of each of the laid fittings of the faid civil bill court, at wnich fuch procels lhall be made returnable, lo as no perfon (hall be ferved with fuch procefi; but fuch as (hall at the time of the fei vice of fuch procefs be rcfulent within the county of laid city.

XII.	Provided always, That the judges or judge of the faid civil bill court fhuil, and they are hereby required to caufe a jury to be impannelled by the (heriffs of the faid tity, returnable immediately to tty the fact upon fuch civil bill, at the requifition of either party, plaintiff oi defendant ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by the decree or difmifs of the faid mayor and recorder, or of the faid recorder, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon and perfons to appeal from the fame to the next going judge of afGze for the county of the faid city next following the pronouncing fuch decree or difmifs, under fuch reltri&iorvs and regulations fot flopping proceedings on fuch decree or difmifs, and for giving bad, or depofiting the fum decreed, and for paying cofts, as by the faid reciteda&s is required on appeals to the next judge of afiize, and the faid judge of aflize to be hereby impowered and required to hear and determine the laid appeals, under fuch regulations, with fuch fees and powers, and in fuch and the like manner as by the faid a&s are limited, provided, and appointed for appeals to the next going judge of aflize.

XIII.	And whereas the court of record held for faid county of faid city of Waterford, before the mayor and reco der of faid city, or their fufficient deputies, is of great advantage to the inhabitants of faid city: and whereas great delays and inconveniencies attend the fuitors of faid court of record of faid city of Waterford by the non-attendance of jurors and witnefTes : be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-

ninth

digitized by

Google

The	twenty-thirdand twenty-fourth	Teart	of George III.

381'

and fine wifr-

j.inth day of September, in the year of our Lord, one tboufai.d feven hundred and eighty-four, it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor and recorder of faid city, and to and for their fufficient deputies as they or any of them (hall happen to prefide in the faid court of record, to im-pofe a fine, not exceeding five pounds, on any juror that (hall be legally fummoned to attend the faid court of record, and (hall neglect or refufe to appear purfuant to the faid fummons, and for whom no fufficient excufe fhall be laid before the court; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and recorder, and to and for their fuffi- nciTc*at cbkre-cient deputies as aforefaid, to impofe fueli fine or fines as in their dilcretion they (hall think fit, on any witnefa that (hall be legally fummoned to attend the faid court of record, and (hall refufe or fiegleCfc to appear purfuant to the laid fun> mons, and for whom no fufficient excufe (hall be laid before the court; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and recorder, and to and for their fufficient deputies, a3 they or any of them (hall happen to prefide in the faid court of record, to iffue from and out of the faid court of record procefs, from time to time in the nature of an execution, directed to the (heriflfs of the faid city, to levy the fo*d fine off of the goods and chatties of fuch juror agr witnefs who (hall be fo fined as aforefaid, and the fame when levied, to pay over to the chamberlain of the faid city, to be difpofed of by the mayor and common council of the faid city for the foie purpofe and purpqfes of widening and keeping in repair the ftreets, lanes, and avenues of faid city ; and the faid mayor and common council are applied to hereby authorized and required to apply (aid fines for the foie purpofes aforefaid, and for no other ufe, intent, or llricU* u purpofe whatsoever.

. XIV. Provided always, That no perfon (hall be obliged ob^V^oTfeivs to ferve as a juror at faid court of record more than three above three times in any one year 5 any thing herein contained to the times in 1 year, -contrary in any wife notwithllanding.

XV.	And whereas many notorious offenders, charged . 9rand or with riots, refeues, affaults, and other breaches of the amending,0 &c. King's peace,, often efcape juft and fpeedy puniihment by fined not abotc the irregular attendance of tne perfons returned by the (he- 5h riffs to ferve as grand jurors and petit jurors at the courts of general quarter feffions of the peace, and the feveral adjournments thereof, held for the faid city and county of the city of Waterford, and by the non-attendance of witneffes at faid feffions ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord, one thoulund feven hundred and eighty-four, it (hall and may be lawful to and for ■<he (aid juilicctt of the peace for the laid city and county of '	v	the

Digitized by LjOOQle

aodwitodk

kdilcredoo,

apptied as fforcfud.

Grand juror need not attend above once a year.

Cnftom of proceedings by attachment coo* firmed.

Jlr twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George lit.

the city of Waterford, at every general quarter fefiions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, from time td time to be hdd for faid county, of faid city of Waterford, to impofca fine, not exceeding five pounds on any grand juror or petit juror that (hall be legally fummoned to attend the (aid general quarter (efiions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, and (hall refufe or negledt to appear piir-fuant to the (aid fummons, and for whom no fiifficient excufe (hallbe laid before the court; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid jail ices to impofe fuch fine or fines, as in their diferetion they (hall think fit, oit any witnefs that (hall be legally fummoned to attend the faid general quarter feffions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, and (hall refufe or negle& to appear purfuant to the faid fummons, and for whom no fuffiefent excufe (hall be laid before the court; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid jnflices, to iiTue from and out of jhe faid court of feffions, procefs from time to time in the nature of an execution, directed to the fheriffs of the faid city to levy the faid fine or fines off the faid goods and chatties of fuch grand juror, petit juror or witnefs who (hall be fo fined ar afonhid, and the fame when fo levied, to pay over to the chamberlain of the laid city, to be difpofed of by the mayor and common council of the faid city, for the foie purpofe and purpofes aforefaid; and the faid mayor and common council are hereby authorized and required to ap-PlJ faid fines for the purpofes aforefaid, and foi* no other ufe, intent, orpuipofe what foe ven

XVI.	Provided always. That no perfon or perfons (hall be obliged to ferve as a grdnd juror or grand jurors at the feveral quarter feffions, or adjournments thereof, for faid city more than once in any one year; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	And whereas from time immemorial, by the elta-blifhed ufage and cufloro of proceeding by attachment againft the goods and chatties of defendants, in the court of record of the faid city of Waterford, for the recovery of debts, does, and demands, the goods and chatties taken under fuck attachments were held in cudody by the water bailiff, or ferjeants at mace of the faid city, until the defendant entered good and fufficient fpecial bail in the faid court of record, to pay what (hould be adjudged to the plaintiff on the trial of the caufe: and whereas the faid cuflom of proceeding in the faid court of record by attachment hath been found highly beneficial, and of the greateff utility to th* merchants, traders, and inhabitants of the faid city of Waterford, and hath tended to the eftabli foment of publick credit in that city: he it therefore enatted by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid euffom of proceeding in the faid

. court

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George HI.



court of record by attachment, be hereby confirmed and A. D. dlablifhed.	1783-4.

XVII1.	And whereas feveral perfons have for fome years Chap. ft. pall kept hackney conches, poll chaifes, chairs drawn by	J

norfe or horfes, fedans, cars, drays, and carts, to ply for Ha.knev hire within the faid city of Wateyford, or the fuburbs there-of: and whereas the regulating the rates and fares of the 4Iycar$at faid hackney coaches, poll chaifes, chairs, fedans, cars, lcffion-, drays, and carts, and of the drivers and carriers of the fame « heraa. within the faid city and fuburbs thereof, will prevent many impofitions being made on the inhabitants of faid city and fuburbs: be it therefore further enabled by the authority ftforefaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four,' the juflices of the peace for the faid city, at their general quarter felfions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof,

(hall and may be authorized and required to licence for the term of twenty-one years, all fuch perfon or perfons as /hall keep, drive, or carry any of faid hackney coaches, pod chaifes, chairs, fedans, cars, drays, or carts, plying for hire within the faid city of Waterford, or the fuburbs thereof, and from time to time to limit the number of fuch hackney coaches, poll chaifes, chairs, and fedans, as the faid judices fhall think proper ; and that for every licence for fuch carriages drawn by horfes, or fedans, fhall be paid the following Aims, to the faid jullices by way of fine ; that is to fay, the fum of five fhilhngs EngUfh, for each and every four wheel carriage drawn by horfe or horfes, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence Englifh for each and every two wheeled carnage drawn by horfe or horfes, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence Englifh for each and every fedan ; and the fum of one fhilling and fix pence Englifh for each and every car, dray, or cart; and that fuch refpe&ive fums fhall be paid to fuch jullices before fuch licence (hall be delivered to the perfon or perfons applying for the fame ; and that no perfon lhall keep, drive, carry, or let to hire, any hackney coach, poll chaife, chair, drawn by horfe or horfes, fedans, cars, drays or carts, to ply within the faid city or fuburbs thereof, without fuch licence firll obtained, under the feveral penalty and penalties following, that is to fay, th© fum of five pounds for each and every fuch four whecfl carriage drawn by horfe. or horfes ; the fum of three pounds for each and every two wheel chaife or chair drawn by horfe or horfes; the fum of three pounds for each and every fedan ; and the fum of twenty Ihillings for each and every car, dray, or cart, which lhall ply without fuch licence; and that every fuch hackney coach, poll chaife, chair, fedan, cars, drays, and carts, fo to be iicenfed, lhall have a mark of (Jiftin&ion, by a figure on a large brafs plate,

with

Digitized by

So as not above 4c». for four wheels or fedana.

For car*, See. SC*.

Rates and

diftjree* adjuft-•<i at kffious.

The tmuty-tbirdand twentjfuutth Teats of George III.

with the number in large figures, and that the faid mark (hall be placed on one fide of every fuch hackney coach, poft chaife, chair, fedan, cars, drays, and carts, in fuch manner as the faid juftices (hall think proper; and that every driver, chairman, or carrier of any fuch hackney coach, poft chaife, chair, or fedan, plying for hire as aforefaid, who (hall drive or carry without fuch mark of diftin&ion or figure, any hackney coach, poll chaife, chair, fedan, cars, drays, and carts aforefaid; or if any perfon (hall blot out, deface, or change the mark or figure appointed for fuch hackney coach, poft chaife, chair, fedan, cars, drays, or carts, every peiton fo offending, for every fuch offence, fhail forfeit fuch film or fums as the faid juftices at their faid fcllions (hall in their diferetion think proper.

XI f. Provided always. That fuch penalty or forfeiture for eadli and every fuch Lift mentioned offence, to be impo-fed on the driver or drivers of fuch four wheel carriages, chaifcs, or chairs, drawn by horfe or horfes, or on the carrier or carriers of fedan oi fcdaiis, (hall not exceed the fum of forty (hillings.

XX.	And provided alio. That the penalty or forfeiture for fuch laft mentioned offence, to be impoted on the driver or drivers of fuch on-s, dray s, or caits, (hall not exceed the fum of twenty {killings; the faid.feveral laft mentioned penalties to be paid over to the chamberlain of the faid city, to be difpofed of by the mayor and the common council of the (aid city, for the foie purpofe and purpofes aforefaid; and the faid mayor and common council are hereby authorized and required to apply find fines for the purpofe and purpofes aforefaid, and for no other ufc, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and ti»at the faid feverai penalties may be recovered before the mayor of the faid city for the time being, or his fufficient deputy, in a fummary way, on proof being made before him on oath after one fummons to the party offending, and may be k vied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chatties, by warrant under the hand and Teal of the faid mayor of the faid city for the fiine being, or his fuficient deputy, unlefs fuch penalty be paid within twenty-one days after fuch dift refs be taken ; and that the overplus (if any be) all charges being deduced, be paid to the owner; and that in cafe no fufficient diftrefs Can or may tie had, to anfwer the faid penalties refpe&ivelv, the pet feu or perfons fo offending ftiall, by warrant under the hand and feal of the-faid mayor of the faid city for the time being, or his fufficient deputy, be fent to the common gaol of the faid city, there to be kept and confined for any time not exceeding two months.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall aud may be lawful to and for the faid

juftices

Digitized by

Google^

On crafting

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III*

judices at their general quarter feffions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, to fettle and adjud the feveral tare?, rates, and prices to be paid to the refpe&ive drivers of the faid hackney coaches, poll chaifes, chairs, cats, drays, and carts, and the carriers of the faid fedans, by the day or hour, or by the fetting down to or from any part or parts within the faid city, or within the fuburbs thereof; and to adjudge the feveral diftances within the faid city and fuburbs thereof, for which the laid rates, fares, and prices (hall be paid.

XXII.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the time the faid fares, rates,

and prices (hall be fo limited and adj titled as aforefaid, no a	*

coachman, pod chaifeman, driver or carrier of any fucb hackney coach, pod chaife, chair, fedan, cars, dravs, or carts in or about the faid city or fuburbs thereof, (hall take by the day, hour, or fet down above the rates, fares, and prices fo to be limited as aforefaid ;■ and that if any coachman, pod chaifeman, driver, -chairman, or carrier, fhall ex- ^ ad more for his fare than according to the feveral rates fo to be limited, or behave witH infolence to his fare, or leave his fare without permilfion, the owner of fuch hackney coach, pod chaife, chair, or fedan, (hall for every fuch offence of fuch coachman, pod chaifeman, driver, chairman, or carrier of fuch fedan, on proof being made before faid mayor on oath, after one fummons to the party offend- . ing, forfeit any fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, and for every fuch offence of the driver of fuch car, dray or cart, (hall forfeit any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, the fame to be levied and applied in manner as is herein before lad dire&ed.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall refufe to pay any coachman, pod chaifeman, driver, or earner, the mo-ncy judly due to him for his faid fare, or (hall wilfully break or deface any fuch hackney coach, pod chaife, chair, fedao, cars, drays, or carts, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor of faid city, for the time being, or his fuffi-cient deputy, upon complaint made and after one fummons dire&ed by him to the party or parties complained againft, finally to hear and determine the matter complained, and upon proof made thereof upon oath by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by the confeffion of the party to award reafonable fatisfa&ion to the party aggrieved for his damages and cods, to be levied upon refufal to make fuch fatisfa&ioa, by warrant under, the hand and leal of the faid mayor of the faid city, for the time being, or his fuffi-cient deputy, by di&refe and fale of the offenders goods •

Vol. VII.	B b	and

Digitized by L^ooQle

7twbity-thirAand twenty-fourth Year* t>f George HI. and chatties, rendering^he overplus {if any be) to the own.

Riding on cat. Sec. With* out a guide,

U herein.

era.

Commi Toners appointed for rhe ItrcetB, jmict aa herein.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon diiving any car, dray, or cart through any of the ftreets, highways, paffages, or lanes ia the faid city of Waterford, or the liberties thereof, (ball ride upon fuclt car, dray, or cart not having fome perfon on foot to guide the fame, or (hall drive or lead the fame in fitch manner as to endanger the lives or limbs of the paffeo-gers, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or persons on view of any driver or drivers, leader or leader> of arty car or cars, drays or carts offending herein, to feizt Upon fu^h driver, car, dray anH cart before the mayor, or Uny other juftice of the peace of the faid city, and that every fuch offender being thereof convi&ed before the faid mayor or other juftice of the peace of tht faid city, on the view before the faid mayor or other juftices of the peace, or by the confeffion of the party, or the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, Hi all for every fuch offence forfeit any film, not exceeding the fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftiefs and fale of the faid car, dray, or cart, if belonging to the offender, Or of any other goods belonging to him, by Warrant under the hand and feal of the faid mayor or other juft ice, which they are hereby required re-fpe&indy to grant, and the faid fum when fo levied, to pay over to the chamberlain of the faid city, and to he difpofed of by the faid mayor and council of the faid city for the foie pnrpofe and ptirpofes afoiefaid, and the faid mavor and common council aro hereby authorized and required to apply faid fines for the purpofes aforefaid, and for no other ufc, intent or purpofe whatCbevcr, or the petfon fo offending (hall be fent to the gaol of the faid city, there to be confined fur any time not exceeding three weeks, if the per. fon fo offending (hall not have paid the faid fine within twenty-four hours after he is arfefttd for faid offence.

XXV.	And whereas many of the ftreets, lanes and paffages of the fold city of Waterford, and the fuburbs thereof,4 are too narrow, by means whereof the health of the inhabitants is greatly injured, and the trade of the faid city isrgreatly obitrmfted; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor, recorder, aldermen, (heriffs, and common council men, or afliftants of the (aid city and their fiorcceffbrs refpe&ivdy, together with the governor or governors of the comity of the faid city, for the time being, and his or their fuccefibrs, the biftiop of the diocefc of Waterford, for the time being, and his fuceeflbrs, the representatives in parliament f6r the county and county of the faid city for the time beiugy the dean of faid city for the time and his fucccffors, (hail and may be hereby appoiot-

&

Digitized by L^ooQle

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tear/ of Georg* III,

ed cbmmiifioners for the making wide and convenient flreets, ways, and paflages in the faid city of Waterford and the fuburbs thereof; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or the furvivors or fnccefTors of them, or any five of them, to meet at fuch times and places in the faid city of Waterford as the faid commiflioners, or the furvivors or fucceflbrs of them, or any five of thpmfliall appoint or think proper.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- All powers la feid. That all the powers veiled by an ad made in the thir- 31 G. a. c, iy. ty-firil year of the reign of George the fecond, entitled. An

ad for making a wide and convenient way, Jlreet and paffage from EJfex-bridge to the Cqftle of Dublin, and for other bur-pofes therein mentioned, together with the amendments of the 33 q. c# 4$.’ fame made by an a£fc pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of King George the fecond, together with the feve-ral additional powers therein given, (hall and may be hereby vefted in the herein before commiflioners, or any five or more of them, and that all and fingular the claufes contained therein refpe&ively, except that claufe wherein certain conv-miflioners in the faid aft of the thirty-firft of Georg* the fecond named are appointed, (hall be in as full force with re-fpedt to the faid ftreets, lanes, and paflages, and the lands, grounds, houfes, and tenements in the faid city of Water-lord, and fuburbs thereof, as the fame are given and granted vetted in (aid by the faid two lad mentioned a&s of parliament to the com- comxnlfioners. miflioners therein named, or to be by the authority therein given, elected, or appointed with sefpeft to the ftreets, lanes, and paflages, and the lands, ground, houfes and tenements in the city of Dublin.

XXVII.	Provided always. That the (aid commiflioners, Not to lay out, or any five of them hereby appointed, (hall have no power widen, fitc. any or authority to lay out, defign, or widen any fuch flreet, &c* way or paflage within faid city or the fuburbs thereof,

without a jury (hall by their verdi& firft find and prefent &c. as nsroinj that fuch ftreet, way or paflage is neceflary to be widened, and for that purpofe the faid commiflionetiB or any five of them (hall and are hereby authorized and required, when it (hall appear to them that fuch ftreet, lane or paflage is neceflary to be made or widened, to iflue a precept under their hands and feals to the (heriffs of the faid city, returnable in two days after the date thereof, who (hall impannel and return to fuch commiflioners a jury, not lefs than twenty-four nor more than thirty-fix, and that out of fuch perfons fo	,

returned a jury of twelve perfons (hall be drawn by ballot by fbme perfon or perfons to be appointed by fuch commiili-oners or any five of them ; which jury fo drawn by ballot, fhall and are hereby required to appear before the (aid com-mflfioQers or any five of them at fuch time and place as (hall B b 2	m

Digitized by

Google.

bricks to Jw made within i mile of the ThoifeL

Two juftices or fummons, and oath (hall convia.

Onr moiety to firll inform r, ii no diftrt is imprifcinccU

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Ttars of George III.

in fuch precept be appointed, and (hall upon theic oaths, which the faid commiffi oners or any live of them are hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter to fuch jury, try and enquire whether fuch ftreet, lane or paffage is ne-ccffary to be made or widened, and for that purpofe fhaU have a view of fuch ftreet, lane, or paffage, previous to their ftuding or returning a verdi& to the faid commiffioners or any five of them ; and if the faid jury (hall find that fuch ftreet, lane, or paffage is neceffary to be made or widened, then and in fuch cafe only the faid commiffioners or any five of them (hall fumnaon a jury to afeertaiu the value of the premiftes to be purchafed for the purpoies aforefaid, as in and by the faid herein before recited adU are particularly mentioned.

XXVIII.	And whereas large quantities of bricks are frequently burned within the city of Waterford, and in the neighbourhood thereof, by means whereof the inhabitants of the faid city are grievoufly annoyed, and the healths of many weakly perfons have been greatly hurted; for remedy whereof, be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That from and after flic twenty-ninth day of September, one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty-four, no perfon (hall make or caufe to be made, burn of caufe to be burned any bricks within the diftance of one ftatute mile from the Tholfcl of the faid city of Waterford, on paii: of forfeiting the bricks, and five (hillings for every thousand bricks made or burned within the aforefaid limits.

XXIX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That upon complaint made before two or more juftices of faid city of Waterford, fuch juftices are hereby authorized and required to fummon the perfon or perfons fo complained of before them, and upon appearance or default of the perfon or perfons fo complaiued of, and due proof of fuch offence by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-neffes to convict fuch offender or offenders, and to order by warrant under their hands and feals, the bricks to be fold by public auction, and the faid penalty of five (hillings by the thoufand to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods.

XXX.	And he it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That one moiety of faid penalty and of the produce of the bricksr (hall, after deducting the neceffary expcnces attending the fale of the bricks and levying the penalty, be paid to the firft informer, the other moiety to the chamberlaine of the faid city, to be difpofed of by the common council of the faid city for the foie purpofe and puipnfes aforefaid, and for no other life, intent, or purpofe whatsoever; and for waDt of fufficicnt diftrefs, fuch juftices are hereby authorized and required Vo commit the perfon or perfons (o offend-

I

Digitized by GoogI —

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George JII.

3*3

ing to the common gaol of the faid city, there to remain A. D. without bail or mainprize for any term not exceeding two 178*3-4. months.	Chap. 52.

XXXI.	And whereas many idle and diforderly perfons v— infefl the ftreets, lanes,~ and quays of the (aid city of Wa- Watchmen ap-terford, and the fuburbs thereof in the night time* to the great annoyance of the inhabitants, whereby a parifli watch 5^	*	'

is become neceflary to be eftablifhed in the faid city and the fuburbs thereof j and for the good government thereof, and for the peace and fafety of the inhabitants ; be ;t therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one: thoufand feyen hundred and eighty-four^ to and for the mi-niil^r, church-wardens, and parilhioners of the feverat and refpe&ive parifljea in the faid city of Waterford and the fu-burhs thereof, at their refpedlive veftricsto be held front time to time on every firfl day of July (if Sunday the day after) and by adjournment from day to day (Sunday excepted) in each year as from time to time fhall feem meet and expedient, notice of the holding of fuch veftries beings firfl given by the minifter of each parifh fix days previous to the holding the fame, and w hich faid veftries the minifters o£ faid feveral parifhes are hereby authorized and required to call, to appoint a fuflicieat number of abl£ watchmen to keep watch in each of the faid refpe&ive parifhes in the faid* city and the fuburbs thereof, and to appoint' the times of watch in faid parifhes refpectively, and to appoint prosper falaries and wages for fuch watchmen,, and to appoint proper watch-houfes in each of the faid parifhes refpective.-* iy, and to> appoint neceflary fire and candle light, and other neceflary articles for fuch watch-houfes, and watch cloaks* lanthoms and ftaves or pikes for fuch watchmen, and to appoint annual overfeers of fuch watches to fee. that the fame, are duly kept, and to appoint others in the room of fuch of them as fhall mifbehave themfehres; and that it fhall and* may be lawful t& and for the faid watchmen or any of thenv to apprehend all fuch idle and diforderly perfon and perfons as they or any of them fhall find in the night time making any affray or committing any breach of his Majefty’s peace in the faid city of Waterford, or the fuburbs thereof, or-any part thereof, at late and unfeafonable hours of the night; and fuch perfon or perfons fo apprehended, to detain prifoners in the refpe&ive watch-houfes of the faid parifhes, and.fuch watchman or wratebmen fhall, on the morning after the apprehending of fuch idle and diforderly. or ftrolling perfon perfons, carry or convey fuch idle, diforderly, or ftrolling perfon or perfons before the mayor of faid city, qr fomt* o-ther of his Majefty's juftices of the peace of the faid cityf In be ciammed and dealt, with according to law. -

JfJLXIL Aw*

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-third and twenty fourth Tears of George III.

XXXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority 9* forefaid, That the rent of fuch watch-houfes, and the expences of fuch fire, candles, watch-cloaks, lanthorns, ftaves, and pikes, or other neceiTary articles aforefaid, and all the Rent of witch- expences, cofts, and charges that (hall attend the appoint

houfes, fte. charged at

Hoofes under $1. ayesr, exempted.

PrrfbiH exempt-

ed. not to vote

veftry.

Three or moat

valuators appointed at veftry,

to eftimate and make return thereof, Sec. ta herein.

ment and continuing a proper watch in each of the laid parities, (hall by the faid mioifter, church-wardens, and pa-rifhioners of the faid feveral and refpe&ive parifhes in the laid city, and the liberties thereof, at the refpedive veftries to be held for faid parifhes as aforefaid, be charged upon and be paid by the refpe&ive inhabitants of each of the laid parifhes, in the faid city and liberties thereof, by a proportionable poundage according to the rate at which the feve-ral lands, dwelling-houfes, out-houfes, offices, cellars, fta-bles, and yards in each of the faid parifhes are to be valued purfuant to this ad, as herein after mentioned, and the church-wardens of the faid feveral parifhes (hall receive and recover from the inhabitants of faid parifhes, the money £0 to be appointed by the faid vellries in the fame manner, and by fuch remedies, diflrefs or diftrefles, as parifh rates appointed by the veftries of the faid refpe&ive parifhes to be railed and paid, are allowed by law to be recovered.

XXXILJ. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the au4 thority aforefaid, That no inhabitant of any of faid parifhea in faid city or fuburbs thereof, (hall be charged or pay any part of the expences, cods, or charges towards eftablifhing a parifh watch, or for cre&ing lamps as herein after is men* tioned in faid city or the fuburbs thereof, whofe houfe of cabbm in faid city or fuburbs thereof, is or (hall be under 'the yearly value of three pounds; any thing in this adk contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not wit h-ftanding.

XXXIV.	Provided alfo, That no perfon or perfbns (hall have a right of voting at fuch vedry or veftries who arc or fhall be exempted or excluded from the payment of the ex-pences9 cods, and charges by the provision in this *& lafk

mentioned. .

XXXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority a-* forefaid. That the faid feveral miniders, church-wardens, and parifhiorters (not excluded to vote as aforefaid) of the faid refpe&ive parifhes at the faid veftries to be called at the time or times aforefaid, or at fome fuch adjournment thereof as aforefaid, fhall nominate and appoint three or more difereet judicious perfons, inhabitants of fuch parifh to be valuators* to value and eftimate the yearly value of the feveral lands, dwelling-houfes, out-houfes, offices, cellars, (tables, and yards within the faid city, or fuburbs thereof, together with filch new houfes, out-houfes, and premises, as fhall be from time to time hereafter built, created, or eftabliihed within

the

Digitized by

Googte

The twenty^thlrd and tnventy-fourth Tears of Geoige JJI*	391

the faid city of Waterford, or the fuburbs thereof, which	J).

valuation the faid valuators fo appointed as aforefaid, or the \ 1783-4* major part of them, fhall on or before the full day of Au- Qh^n. y. guft in evtry year, return in writing, under their V~'4,l * fetting forth the feveral houfes, out-hbqfes, and prpmiffes, 4	,

as aforel'aid, as feparately, and diftiu&Iy, and conveniently as...

may be, and the names of the feveftd occupiers thereof, and the true yearly value of the fame, to the minillers of the faid rtfpe&ive pariffies, and fhall at the foot of fuch return, make an affidavit, or if of the people called Quakers, a fp-leinn affirmation in writing before fuch' minifter; which fajd minifter is hereby impowered and required to adminifter, that the fame is a juft, fair, full, and impartial valuation, Ux. the heft of their fkill and judgment; and in cafe that no fu$h veftry fhall af&mble, or having affembled, fhall omit to name and appoint fuch valuators, or if the valuators fo appointed fhall refufe, neglc&, or omit to make fuch valuation, return^ and affidavit as aforefaid, before the firft day of Auguft m each year, that in every fuch cafe the juftices of the peace for faid city at their feffions, or at an. adjournment thereof, fhall nominate and appoint three or more (kilful inhabitants of fuch pariffies to value and eftimate fuch houfes, out-houfes, and premifTe8 in fuch pariffi as aforefaid, and to make ai\d, return fuch valuation as aforefaidwhich valuation, the gej:-fons fo to be appointed, or the major part of them, by the juftices aforefaid, fhall make and return with fuch affidavit aforefaid, at the foot thereof, to the minifter3 of the refpec-tive pariffies aforefaid, at or before the firft day of Septem*-ber m every year.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority Valuator r£-aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons who fhall be fufing rol. nominated and appointed to be a valuator or valuators in any JjJ

of the faid pariffies, in purfuance of this aft, whether he or lu they fhall be fo nominated by the faid refpe&ive veftries, or by the juftices aforefaid; fhall refufe to. take upon him or themfelves the faid office, or fhall omit or negleft to execute the fame to beft of his ability, (kill and knowledge, that every perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds $. and that in cafe the perfons who fhall be nominated and appointed valuators of any of the aforefaid pariffies, pr the major part of them, ffiall omit oj neglc& to make finch return ahd affidavit or affirmation as aforefaid, at or before the fir ft (day of Auguft, or firft day of September in each year, (a«~ the cafe requires) that then and in.fuch cafe, every of the valuators of fuch pariffi fo offending, ffiall forfeit the fum of twenty pbunds, to be recovered and difpofed of as herein after dire&ed.

XXXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority a* fbre&ich That after fuch valuation and. affidavit as aforefaid,

ffiiH

¥

Miniftcr to ' lodge laid return with town clerk, & c.

For rent of warch-hoafet, &c. not above is. in the pound affeffed.

No fecond valuation.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III. *

fiiall be made and returned to the mini Iters of the laid refpeftive parities, they (hall forthwith lodge the fame in the hapds of the town clerk of the faid city of Waterford, and caufe notice thereof to be given to the parifhioners on the next Sunday, in the ufual manner, at or after divine fervice in their refpeftive parifb churches, and that for fifteen days after fuch notice as aforefaid, every perfon (hall and may have accefs to fuch valuation in the hands of the (aid town clerk; and if any perfon or perfons (hall think him or them-felves aggrieved by fuch valuation, he and they may within the (aid fifteen days lodge their appeal and complaint to the juftices for the faid city of Waterford, in their feflions, who (hall at their next fefJions, confider of the mcrit3 of fuch federal appeals, and at their diferetion may, if they think fit, order the Iheriffs at fuch feflions to impanne! and return a jury for a trial of any matters of faft, and after a verdift, or othenvife, (hall and may alter and correct fuch valuations in the points complained of, or confirm the fame, and dif-mif8 fuch *efpeftive appeals, and (hall award twenty (hiflingt by way of penalty again ft every appellant, whofe appeal they (hall difmifs, to be levied and applied in fuch manner as herein after mentioned; and fuch valuations as (hall be finally fettled and agreed upon by the faid feflions in cafe of any appeal, and in cafe of no appeal, fuch valuations as (hall be returned by the valuators to be appointed in purfuance of this aft, after fifteen days from notice being given to the parifhioners as aforefaid, (hall be final and conclufive to the refpeftive owners and proprietors of the refpeftive houfes, out-boufes and premiffes aforefaid, as to all purpofes of this aft, and the refpeftive valuations of the faid feveral parilhes afjer the fame are cftabliftied as aforefaid, (hall be transcribed and regiftered at the expences of the refpeftive parifhes, in a book of regiftry to be kept in the veftries of the feveral parifhes aforefaid, among the records thereof, in which book one or more blank leaves (hall be left between the regiftry of the valuations of the feveral parifhes for the purpofe of making entries therein of the future valuation of new buddings as aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, That for the rent of fuch watch houfes, and for the ncceffary articles aforefaid, and the expences of erefting lamps in (aid city as herein after mentioned, there fhall not be collefted above the fum of one (hilling in the pound of the yearly value of fuch lands, houfes, and premiffes fo to be valued as aforefaid.

XXXIX.	And provided alfo, That no lands, houfes, or premiffes aforefaid, which (hall be valued purfuant to this aft, fhall ever be again valued for the purpofes aforefaid.

XL. And whereas the feveral afts of Parliament now in force in thif kingdom, for enlightening cities and towns.

Digitized by Google -

*rbt4<wenty-thtrd and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

have been found ineffedual With refped to the city of Waterford : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the twenty-fourth day df June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-four, the miniflers, church-wardens and parifhioners of the feveral parifhesof the Vtftrics every city of Waterford, (hall affemble and meet at a veftry to *** J«ly» bc freld from time to time, on every firft day of July (if ^crs Sunday on the day after) and by adjournment from day to oflamps, day (Sundays excepted) in each year, as (hall from time to as hcrcia. time feem meet and expedient; which vcflries the minitlere of every parifh within the faid city of Waterford, and fu-burbs thereof, are hereby required then to call, and (hall then and there afcertain and fix on the number and kind of lamps neceffary for their faid refpedive parifhes within the faid city and fuburbs thereof, and the places where the fame (hall be ereded, and the manner of ere&ing the fame, and the time when, and how long the faid lamps (hall be and continue lighted, and the manner of lighting, cleanling, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining and repairing the fame, together with the amount of the fums of money to be expended in the ereding, lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, maintaining and repairing each of the faid lamps; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid feveral miniftcre, church-wardens, and pari(hioners, or the greater part of them fo affembled in their feveral and refpedive parifhes, then and there, from time to time to agree with and appoint any per-fon or perfons to be lamp contrador or contradors for erecting, lighting, cleanfing, trimming, fnuffing, repairing and maintaining lamps in their faid feveral and refpedive parifhes in the faid city and the fuburbs thereof, for one year, or for any number of years not exceeding three years; and the per* fon or perfons fo appointed, fhall, before lie or they (ball enter upon the execution of the faid office, give fecurity bv bond, conditioned in fuch fum as to the mayor of the faid city (hall feem reafonable, and payable to the faid mayor and his fucceffors, with two fufficient ftcurities for the due and faithful execution of his or - their office or offices; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid feve* ral miniflers and church-wardens and parifhioners, or the greater part of them fo affembled, in their feveral parifhes in laid city and the fuburbs thereof, to conftitute, nominate and appoint, by order or orders under their hands and feals* or the hands and (cals of the majority of them, fuch bmp contrador or contradors, to colled and receive the money which (hall be fo afeertained by the faid feveral and refpec-tive mini tiers, church-wardens and parifhioners, or the majority of them, for the ereding, lighting, cleanfing* trimming, Tnuffing, maintaining, and repairing the faid lamps yearly within the laid feveral and refpedive parifhes in faid

city

Digitized by Google

The twenty-third and trventy fourth Tears of George III-

city and the fuburbs thereof; and that the (aid lamp contractor or contractors (hall collect and receive the fame half yearly from the federal tenants or occupiers; or in cafe of neither tenant or occupier, from the owners of the featral and refpeCtive lands, dwclling-houfes, out-houfes, offices, cellars, (tables, and yards in the (aid city of Waterford, and the fuburbs thereof, by a proportionable poundage, according to the rate at which the faid feveral lands, dweiling-fuwfes, out-houfes, offices, cellars, (tables, and yards in each of the (aid parities in faid city of Waterford, are to be valued in purfuance of this aft as herein before mentioned; and in ca e of non payment for eight days after demand made by the faid lamp contra&or or contractors, from the tenants, occupiers, or owners, as the cafe (hall be, of the faid feveral and refpe&ive lauds, dwelling-houfes and premiffes, for the payment of their refpeftive proportions of the faid lamp-money, according to the valuation and valuations aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lamp contractor or contractors, or of any of them, or for the bailiff of them, or any of them, appointed for that purpose, under the hand and foal of fuch lamp contra&or or contractors, (if more than one) to enter in the day-time into an^ upon the faid feveral lands, dwelling-houfes, and premiffes refpe&ivcly, and to diitrain any goods or chattels which may be found upon the fame for the proportion of the fakf Jamb money fo charged on them refpe&ively; and the dif-trek and diftrefies fo taken (if not redeemed within eight 4ayd from the day of diftraining, with the payment of on* (hilling Engliih for the trouble of fuch diftraining) to fell by publick auction for the payment of the laid lamp mooey, for which fuch di ft refs or diftrefies (hall be fo taken, together with one Eriglifti (hilling for the trouble of fuch dfftraia-ing, rendering the overplus (if any (hall be) to the owner pr owners of fuch diftrefs or diftreffes; and in cafe no fuffi-cient diftrefs can or may be had, or found# or in cafe the premiffes liable to be diftrained (hall be kept locked, or fattened, fo as the ftpd lamp contra&ors, or any of them, or (he bailiff of them, or any of them, (hall be prevented firopi entering and diftraining for the faid lamp money, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (hid buep cootrac* tor or contra&ors to fummon the tenant er occupier of the premiffes; or in cafe of neither tenant or occupier, then the pwner of faid premiffes fo locked or faftened up to appear before the mayor of the faid city for the time bang, for the payment of the lamp money fo charged oa the faid premiffes fo guarded, locked, or fattened up; arid in cafe of nonpayment by the party fo fummooed* and proof made -by path or affidavit before the faid mayor, of fuch parties hav* tog been ftimmotyed, which opth or fdfidgvk jtbe (aid mayor

is

Digitized by v^c	e

7he twenty-third and twenty-fourth fears ttf George 1U.

is hereby authorized to adminifter and take, or in cafe of the appearance of fuch party, and refufal to pay the lamp money fo due on the premifles fo locked or fattened up, to which fuch party ihall be tenant, occupier, or owner, together with four pence for the colts of fuch fnmmo&s, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the (aid mayor who granted the faid fummons, to iflue a Warrant under his hand and feal, in the nature of an e^cution, directed to the conftables of the county of the laid city, or to any one of them, to levy of the goods and chattels of the party fo fummoned, his, or her proportion of the fai.l lamp money, together with the fum of ten pence fot the coft of fuch fnm-mons and warrant, and the further fum of one Euglifli (hilling for the conftable’s trouble for levying the faid limp money; and the (aid lamp money fo levied (hall be paid immediately on the levying thereof to the faid lamp contractor or contractors by the con liable who (hall levy the lame, together with the faid fum of ten pence, the coft of the (aid iummons and warrant, and the faid lamp contractor or contractors fhall pay over the faid fum of ten pence to the faid mayor that (hall have iflued the faid fummoas and wariest,

XLI. Provided always, That no tenant, occupier, or Owner of any of the faid feveral lands, dwdHng-houfea, or premifles refpe&ively lhall be liable to, or lhall pay any part of the fetid watch or lamp money whofe faid lands and dwd-ling-houfe or dwelling-houfes, or premifles refpe&ttely (hall not be within one hundred feet dillance of fome one of the watch-houfes or lamps to be creCled as aforefaid, any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-with (landing,

XI>II, And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the (aid mayor of faid city for the time being, as often as any per-fon or perfons with whom the faid feveral min ill era, churchwardens and parifliioners in their refpeClive veftries (hall agree and appoint to eredl, light, (huff, cka.dc, trim, maintain, and repair the faid lamps, fhall be guilty of any jiegle& or mifbehaviour in the execution of his or their office or offices, Upon proof thereof in a fummary way be-/ fore the faid mayor of the faid city, for the time being, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, (which oath the faid mayor 13 hereby authorized to adminiiteV} or confeffion of the party to remove him or them from his or their refpe&ive offices, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the miniller, church-wardens, and parifnianers of fuch parifh from whence fuch contraClor or contractors fhall be removed, to aflemble and meet within fix days after fiich removal; (notice of fuch meeting to be given the Sunday

before

Mother watch or hasp money paid, if uot within fOoCcct of haute, &c.

Contractors removed fuin-marily by mayor on mif-bcbavioui, Srt.

Digitized by Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George III.

before by the faid minifter) and in his or their dead from time to time to appoint any other perfon or perfons lamp contra&or dr contra&ors to ere&, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, maintain, and repair the faid lamps for one year, or any number of years, not exceeding three years, taking from him or them fuch fecurity as aforefaid ; and fuch per-fon or perfons fo agreed with and appointed as aforefaid* may and (hall have ftnd receive the feveral fums of money made or to be made payable as lamp money as afordaid, with the like feveral powers of dillraining, receiving and recovering the fame which are herein before mentioned, and that the faid feveral miniders, church-wardens and parifhi-oners, or the greater part of them fo affembled in their feveral and refpe&ive veuries as aforefaid, (hall have the like power of appointing fuch perfon or perfons to colled and receive as aforefaid, and of lubftituting others in the dead and place of fuch perfon or perfons to be removed for negled, or mifbehaviour as aforefaid.

Contractors XL III. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-for ncglca for- Lid, That if any perion or perfons wh am the faid miniders* fc11 5*-	church-wardens	and parishioners at their feveral and respec-

tive veilries, (hall agree with and appoint to ered, light, fnuff, cleanfe, trim, maintain, and repair the faid hmpa 35 aforefaid, (hall n gleet to fupply faid lamps, or any of them, with a fulficient quantity of good and proper wick or oil, to continue lighting for fuch time as the faid minders, church-wardens and parifhioners at their feveral and respective vedries as aforefaid, (hall fix on, or ihatl neglect to keep the glades of the faid lamps or any of them clean and entire, or (hall be guilty of any other ncgledfc, for which the mayor of faid city may not think proper or fufficient, *	to remove fuch lamp contra&or or lamp contractors from hisor

their office or offices, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch negledl the fum of five (hillings Englifh, to be recovered and levied by didrefs and fale of fuch offenders goods and chattels after convi&ion in a fummary way before the faid mayor, by the oath of one or more witnefs or wit-neffes, (which oath the faid mayor is liercby authorized ta adminlder) or by confeffion of the party accufcd, and to be perfon* break* applied in manner herein after diie&ed, and that if any per-mg lamps. See. fon or pCrfons fhall wilfully or maliciouffy break, throie *** * 5 * down, or extinguifh any lamp or lamps to be fet up. to light thedreets, lanes, paflages, or quays of the faid city of Waterford, or the fuburbs thereof, or wilfully damage the polls, irons or other furniture of the Lid lamps, it (hall be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to arreft and detain f\ich offender and offenders until he, (he or they may be carried before the mayor of (rid city for the time heing* or any ’	other

\

t

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

other juftice of the peace for.faid city, and every perfon fo offending and being thereof convi&ed in a fun unary way by the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, or by confef-fion of the party accufed before the mayor of faid city for the time being, or fnch juftice or juftices, (which oath the fetid mayor or juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter)

(hall for every filch offence forfeit the fum of fite pounds for each lamp poll, iron, or furniture thereof fo broken, thrown down, extinguilhed or wilfully damaged, to be recovered and levied by diftrefs andfale of the offenders goods in manner as aforefaid, and to be applied in manner herein after mentioned ; and in cafe no goods or chattels of the perfons fo offending can at the time of fuch conviCion be found* then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor or other juftice, before whom fuch offender#

(hall be convicted, to commit fuch offender to the houfe of t lcncio induftry in faid city, there to be kept to hard labour for any houVofYor-time not lefs than one month, and not exceeding three reaion. months.

XLIV. Provided always, That if fuch penalty or for- But difeharg-feiture (hall be paid before the time of fuch commitment be ^c°n Paymcnt* expired, thdtthen fuch offender (hall upon fuch payment be immediately difehargedout of cuftody, and that the penalty or forfeiture of five pound# hereby impofed on, fuch lamp contraCor or lamp contraCors, or any of them, and the faid penalty or forfeiture of five pounds hereby impofed on any perfon or perfons for wilfully or malicioudy breaking, throwing down, or extinguifhing any lamp to be ere&ed m the faid city of Waterford, or the fuburbs thereof, or for wilfully damaging the pofts, iron, or ether furniture of the faid lamps, or any of them, and the penalty and forfeiture of ten pounds hereby impofed on*fuch valuator or valuators who (hall be nominated and appointed to execute faid office* and who (hall omit or negleC to execute the fame, and the penalty and forfeiture of twenty pounds hereby impofed on fuch valuator or valuators fb appointed, who (hall omit or negleC to make fuch return and affidavit as aforefaid, (hall be paid and applied in the manner following, that is to fay, one moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall difeover and profecute fuch offender or offenders to con vision, and the other moiety thereof to pay over to the chamberlain of the faid city, to be difpofed of by the mayor and common council of the faid city for the purpofes aforefaid, and the faid mayor and common council are hereby authorized and required to apply faid fines for the foie purpofes aforefaid, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, firft deducing the expences of repairing fuch poft, iron, or other furni-Mue ; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall fteal or forcibly

carry

r »

* .

Winiftm to call veftriei as ,lkctcia.

Tie lawfr tfcrj ami twenty-fourth Tear* of George TIT.

carry nrar afty of the £aid lamps, iron polls, or furniture tliavoC foch peviba or perfons being lawfully convi&cd thereof upoa indidxnent, by the verdi& of a jury, (ball be puhhcklr whipped or fined at the difaretion .of the judge who (hdfe pefs judgment on fuch offenders.

B	XLV.	And be it fun her enacted by the authority afore-

hid, That if any of the faid parilhes (hall negieft to carry the pnmfioos herein before mentioned for the porpofc of ef-tjbliOiinga watch, and ere&iog lamps in the faid city as afotchad, efitdttaBy into execution on or before the ftrft day of O&obar in every year, then, and in fuch cafe, the laid mayor and common council rdpeftiyely of the (aid city, or the greater part of them, {hall for that year only, to be computed from the firfl day of September preceding, be in-adbed wi:h ail and fmgolar the powers hereby veiled in the minifter, church-wardcns, and parifhioners of the faid refpec-tive parilhes, and the parifh fo negle&ingto execute the fame, for die porpofc of ere&ing, lighting, and trimming lamps in fuch parifh.

XLVX And be it further enabled by the authority afore-laid, That the fevend minifters of the feveral and refpe&ive parishes in (aid city (hall and may be hereby impowered aod required to cadi and adcmble a veliry or veftries ar the time and times, and for the purpofes herein before mentioned, for cftabKflung faid watch, and erecting of lamps in faid city as aforefaid ; and that if any of the faid fniniffers fhall refufe or to call fuch vdtry or veftries of their refpc&ivc pa-jiffies, at the time or times and for the purpofes herein before mentioned, that fuch mimfter or minifters fo refufmgor Buffing (hall forfeit the futn of ten pounds for evtny time he fhall fo refofe or ncgle& to call or aiTemble the fame, pur-foant to this a^l: fuch penalty or forfeiture to be recovered by the perfoe or perfons who fhall fue for the fame by aril bail before the next going judge of afiiae for the county of (aid city, or before tire faid mayor and recorder, to be applied in manner herein before lait mentioned.

XLV1I. And whereas it has been found that a fufficient number of freeholders cannot be eafily had in the faid city, qualified to as jurors at the general affixes and court of record of the laid city in caufes or iflues depending between party and party, whereby the trials of faid caufes or if-fues in the (aid tefjpe&ive courts ate much retarded, to the great lofe and delay of the parties concerned : and whereas there area number of wealthy citizens in the faid city who have not freeholds: be it therefore enabled by tbe authority aforefaid. That from henceforth the want of freehold (hall' not be a legal or foflietent oh;c6lion or challenge to any perfon fuxntnoned to be a juror in the laid refpe&ire courts,-bat that any perfon poflefled of or worth the furo of

3	fiftr

No challenge to juror for want of freehold if worth

50L

Digitized by Google

The faurnty-ttird and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

399

fifty pounds fterling, over ami above all his juft debts, (hall	A. D.

be qualified to be impannellcd and fworn as a juror in the	1783-4*

faid refpedlive courts, as if fuch perfon had a fuffioient free- Chap. 52, hold.	W-v—w

XL.VIII. And whereas the laws for regulating the price	Bakers week*

and aflize of bread, and for better regulating the markets	„4

and bakers, have been found by expenence to be very ufeful, bakers, on nc and great frauds and abufes are daily committed in the mar- ele&, 10s pf kets of the faid city of Waterford, for the want of fuch barrel, laws : be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred And eighty four, all and every mer« chant and merchants, com factor or corn fa&or6, felling to any publick baker or bakers any wheat or meal, or flour made of wheat within the faid city of Waterford, or the liberties thereof, or any baker or bakers buying or felling not left than one barrel of wheat, or one hundred weight of meal, or flour made of wheat within the laid city, or liberties theieof, fhall once every week make a return in writing to the mayor of faid city for the time beinjr, which return lhall be on oath, (which oath the faid mayor is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) and (hall contain the true quantities of all fuch wheat, and the weight thereof, and the weight of fuch meal and flour by him, her, or them bought or fold* or for their u£e, or in trull for them bought by any other perfon or perfons within faid city, or the liberties thereof, as aUb the time when, and the real prices of fuch wheat, meal, and flour fo bought or fold, and all and every allowance, if any for the fame, together with the names of the perfone from whom fuch wheat, mealj or flour, (haU be bought, and of the perfons to whom the fame fhall be Ibid ; which returns fhal every week be duly entered in & book to be kept by the clerk of the market of the faid city of Wa*

, terford, or his fufficient deputy for that purpofe, in order more effe&aally to ascertain the middle price of wheat, for fettling the affice of bread weekly; and if any fuch merchant, fa&ors or baker, buying and felling as aforefaid, (hall negle& or refafe to make fuch return, he, (he, or they fo negle&ing or refilling, lhall for every fuch offence forfeit the film of ten (hillings for each barrel, and fo in proportion for any greater or other quantity fo bought or fold, which forfeiture (hall be recovered before the mayor of the faid city,

Upon the‘confeflioii of the parties, or proof thereof made on oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, which oath or oaths the faid mayor is hereby impowered and required to adminifter ; and the faid forfeitures (hall be levied by warrant of the faid mayor, by diftrefs and fale of the offendars goods, and the faid forfeitures fo levied (hall be paid one half to the in^ former, and the other half to the chamberlain of the faid

<*y,

The twenty •third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III*

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 52.

Refpca to be hail to price of coni. See. in Iti iking af-fizc of bread.

Allowance to baker* as by u G. a. c. 11.

Mayor, &c. *1 ay make further allowances.

Appoint mark tor bakets.

city, to be difpofed of by the mayor and common council of the faid city, for the purpofes aforefaid ; and the faid mayor and common council arc hereby authorized and required to apply faid fines for the purpofes aforefaid, and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XLIX. And be it further enafted by the authority afone-faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, the faid mayor of faid city for the time being, in itriking ancj afeertairnug the aflize of bread, (hall be and is hereby required to have refpeft to the price of fuch wheat, meal, and flour fo returned as aforefaid, as well to the price fuch wheat, meal, and flour, (hall then bear in the fevcral publick markets in and about the (aid city and liberties.

L. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, the mayor of the laid city of Waterford, for the time being, or his fufficiebt deputy, be hereby direfted and required to give the bakers in the (aid city and liberties thereof, an allowance of nine (hillings on each quarter of wheat for houfhold bread, by adding the fame to the middle price of wheat, to be calculated as is direfted by an aft of parliament pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An c3 for buying and felling all forts of corn and meal, and other things therein mentionedy by weighty and for the more effedual preventing the fronds committed in the buying and felting-tljcreofy and for regulating the price and aflize of bread, and for better regulating the marketsy is direfted to be fet according to the table therein mentioned, and to give an allowance of eight (hidings only in the quarter of white and wheaten bread, to be baked in the faid city of Water-terford, and the libert ies thereof, by adding the fame to the middle price of wheat, and to be fet according to the table in faid aft mentioned.

LI. And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That the mayor and common council of the (aid city of Waterford, or the greater part of them, /hall, as often as they think neceflary, from time to time, make any further rea-fonable allowance to the bakers within the faid city and liberties thereof, as in their diferetion they (hall think fit, on every quarter of wheat made and baked in the faid city into household bread, in fuch manner as the former allowances have been ufualiy made, fo as that the fame (hall not exceed ten (hillings the quarter.

LII. And to the intent that the good defign of this aft may be effcftualJy obtained : be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That every common baker who (hall make or bake for falc, or any way expofc to (ale, any fort of bread whatfoever,.

Digitized by

Google

7*he twenty-third and twenty-fourth Teats of Gedrge III.

jfbever, (hall from aod after the twenty fourth day of June, {airly imprint or mark, or oaufe to he fairly imprinted or knarked on every loaf fo by him made, and expofed to fale, the fort and price of fuch loaf, or any other mark as (hall be appointed by the mayor of (aid city for the time beings by order in writing under his hand, artd that the (aid mayor of faid city for the time being, (hall have full power andau-thority from time to time by like order in writing to limit, “direct, and appoint how and in what manner each fort of bread (hall -be marked for knowing the baker,- maker, price and fort thereof, and to make and fet down any other ma-fonablc rales and ordarsfor the better regulating the rayfte* ry of making bread, and the feveral forts thereof, that (hall be baked by the rcfpe&ive bakers, and the afize price and weight thereof, and alL things concerning the fame? as in h» judgment he (hall find neceffary and convenient. -

L.III. And to the. end that the faid markets sirtay be regularly kept: be it further ena&ed by the authority -afore-laid, that upon all market days a market bell (hall ring at eleven of the olock in the forenoon, for the opening the market, and if any farpier or other ppffonor perfans what-foever* (hall fell or put open to fale any wheat in the faid market before ringing the faid bell, fuch offender or offenders (hall and may be proceeded againit as fbreflallers of the market* and may be punifhtd as fereffallers are to be pu-nifhed by law, and that on every market day the mayor of faid city for the time being* or forae perfon by him duly authorised or appointed, (hall duly attend to take the rateii and prices of corn, and the quantity that (hall be in -the market, to the end that a aew aOize *of bread may be weekly regulated and pubHfhed.

UV. Add be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That every <*:capier bf any houfe, tenement, liable, or yard within the fin’d city of Waterford, (and in refpedl to houfes let to'irnnatot,) every houfe owner fliall once in every day, from the firft day t>f May, to the fir (I day of October, before the hour.af eight, and from the firll day of O&o-ber,. to the thirtieth day of April, before the hour of ten of the clock in the forenoon of each day, ferape, fweep, cleanfe, or caufc to be fwept, feraped, ov clcinfed, eight feet in depth of the foot way, or ftreet all along the front of their refpeCtive houfes, tenements, (tables, or yards. Or in default thereof, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the (um of one drilling, the fame to be levied and applied by the mayor of faid city for the time being, in fuch manner as any of the penalties and forfeitures hereby inflicted, are directed to be levied and applied.

LV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the fcavenger or feavengers of the faid city or Vol. VI I.	C c	the

401

A. D.

«783-4-

Chap* 5a.

On market days a bell to ring at 11, felling before, pu-niibed as fore-flailing.

Street*, fwept daily 8 feet in front, on penalty of xu.

Scavengers negle&ing fo fake dirt away, forfeit 5s.

401

77* twenty-third and twenty-fourth feats of Geofge Iff*

A. IK the fuburbs thereof, (hall not take away and remove the dirt* 1783-41	rubbifh, or filth fo daily colle&ed in (aid firms or lanes in

ChapN 5*. £a«d city or fuburt^s thereof by the occupiers as aforefaid, to the publick yards or places which have been already appointed, or which (hall hereafter be appointed by the mayor and common council of the faid city, for the purpofes afore-faid, within twenty four hours ne*t after the faid ftreet or foot-way fhall be fwept as aforefaid, then fiich fcavenger of Tcavengers (hall for evety fuch ncgleift forfeit the fum of five (hillings, the fame to be levied and applied by the mayor of the faid city fort the time being, in fuch manner as any of the penalties and forfeitures hereby infli&ed, are hereby directed to be levied and applied ; and in cafe fuch fcavenger or fcavengers fhaH not Temove fuch dirt* rubbiCh, or filth*' within •the time aforefaid, that then it (had and may .be lawful for any perfon or perfons to take and carry away fuch dirth, filth, and rubbifh as they (hall find laid in any ftreet or lane within the faid city or fubuii>» thereof, and the fame to apply to their own ufe ; and in cafe any perfon (hall ob-ftruCt or hinder the taking the fame, all fuch perfons fo offending, * (hall upon conviction before the'faid mayor, by the confeffiou of the party, or the oath of one credible witnefe, forfeit the fum of tea (hillings, to he levied and applied by the mayor of the faid city for the time being, in fuch manner as any of the penalties and forfeitures hereby infli&ed are hereby dire&td to be levied and applied*

LVI. And whereas the advancement juid improvement of navigation within the harbour of the faid city of Waterford, will conduce to the publick benefit of this kingdom : wherefore, and for the preventing the channel of the river Suir, within the faid harbour, from being choaked or impaired, and alfo for the presentingdifputcs between matters, owners, and freighters of (hips within the (aid haabow 5 be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after tha firft day of January, in the year one thoufand feven hundred aud eighty five, no (hip, bark, boat, or other veffol having ballaft to difeharge within the harbour of the faid city of Waterford, (hall difeharge the fame, or any part thereof in the faid liver Suir, but m fuch place or placet as (hall be appointed by the water-bailiff ot the faid city, unlefs the fame (hall be difeharged above high-water-mark, under the penalty or forfeiture of ten pounds for each veffel of the burthen of twenty tons or upwards, and the penalty and forfeiture of five pounds for each veffel under the burthen of twenty tons.

JLVII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-fu«d to prevent faid, That from and after the time aforefaid, every (hip, tailing into bark, boat, or other veffel taking in ballad from any lighter, or other veffel, or difeharging ballad into any lighter or

olhfcr

Ballad difeharged only Whire appointed by water-bailiff, fcc.

Tarpaulins

the river.

Digitized by

Google

*Tht twenty-thin} amt twenty-fourth Tears If George III.

40*

other veflel within the faid harbour, {hall nail or fix a tar-	A. D.

paulin or fail-cloth from the gunnel or ballafl-port of fuch	1783-4.

vefTel, to hang over the gunnel of fuch lighter or other Chap, 52. vefTel, fo as to prevent any Dallafl or dirt falling into the faid river, undei the penalty and forfeiture of not more than forty fhillings, nor lefs than ten {hillings For each and every fuch offence.

LVill. And be it further ena^ed by the authority afore- proper boojt faid. That from and after the time aforefaid, every fhip or kept, other veflej anchoring or mooring in the faid river from the harbour's mouth to that paft of the river Suir oppofite to Bilbery*rock, fhall keep proper and diffident buoys to their anchors, iri order to prevent other fhips from running foul or over-laying each other, and that every iliatler, or other perfon who (hall have charge of a fhip or other vefTel, who fhall offend herein, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds.

LlX. And whereas'feverat laden fiiips may want con- Light fhip* Venient births at the feveral quays in the faid city, where to give way tp light fhips are made fall, the mailers or other perfons having ^a^cn-charge of which, may refufd to give vfray to fuch laden ihipa to difeharge ; and whereas alfo, feveral fhips may happen to moor or lie at anchor in the faid river, fo as to ob-llru6l the free navigation therein i be it therefore eua<5led by the authority afbrefaid# That from and after the time aforefaid, the water-bailiff may be authorized and required to give notice to any fuch fhip or vefTel fo refufing to give place to any laden fhip, or obftru&ing the free navigation of faid river, to remove to fome other convenient place without delay, and that the matter or other perfon having •charge of *ny fuch fhip or other vefTel, who (hall refufe or ue-gleft fo to do, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding forty (hillings; and that the faid water-bailiff may be further authorized and required upon every fuch refu-fal or negleft to remove fuch fhip or fiiips, vefTel or vefTels, to fome convenient birth near the place where fuch fhip or (hips, vefTel or vefTels then lay, as they fhall judge mod proper.

LX. And be it further enadledrby the authority afore- Penalties re« faid, That the feveial penalties herein before mentioned, covered before fhall and may upon complaint being made before the mayor	um~	-*

of the faid city of Waterford, be recovered and levied in a fummary way from the refpe&ive mailers or other perfons having charge of any fhip or fhips, vefftl or vefTels offending in the premifTes, by diftrefs and fide of the offenders goods and chatties, on conviflion by the oath or oaths of one or more witnefs or witnefTes, by warrant ur.dcr the hand and feal of the faid mayor, to be paid to the informer, or other perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

C c 2	LXI	And

'""Encroachments or nuisances altered or removed, fee, ms herein.

Sign, fpmit*, fee. to he fixed as herein.

The twenty-third and twenty •fourth Tears of George HI.

LX I. And whereas many encroachments arc made, and nuifances eredled in the Several ftreets and lanes ih the Said city of Waterford, and Suburbs thereof, to the great annoyance of the inhabitants thereof: be it further ena£lcd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Said mayor or (heriffs of the Said city of Waterford for the time being* to remove all encroachments or nuifances in making doors or (lairs of cellars projecting into the flreets of lanes, by delivering an order in 'writing to the refpe&ive tenants and occupiers of the refpe&ive houfes and cellars, fetting forth and dire&ing in what manner all fuch doors, (lairs, and paflages that arc encroachments or nuifances in fuch ftreets or lane6 (hall be altered, or In what manner Set back, or to remove all encroachments or nuifances of (hop windows, window-fhutters, frames, pent-houfes, (beds, or (landings in and upon fuch (Ireets or lanes ; and in cafe the chief, tenant or occupier of fuch cellars, and the owners and occupieis.of fuch houfes, (hops, and cellars, (hall refufe or negleft to comply with fuch directions of the mayor or fheriffs, or refufe to remove, or caufe to be removed, all fuch encroachments and nuifances for the Space of * thirty one days after fuch order as aforefaid, in fuch cafe it Shall and may be then lawful for the mayor or (heriffs of the faid city, to employ workmen, and to alter, remove, or take away the fame, and to compel the (aid tenants, occupiers or owners to pay all the charges thereof, by diftrefs and Sale of their goods, to be levied by warrant under the hand and Seal of the faid mayor.

LXII. And be it further ena<fled, That all figns, Sign-irons, pods, boards, fpouts, or gutters, already built, placed, or being in any of the faid ftreets or lanes in the faiacity or fuburbs thereof, (hall be fixed or placed on the fides, ends, or fronts of fuch houfes, (hops, warehouses, or buildings refpe&ive’y, whereurita the fanrur (hall belong, and that for the future, all figns, boards, fpouts, or gutters, (hall be placed or fixed on the fronts, fides, or ends of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes, or buildings, where-unto they refpe&ivelv belong, and not otberwife,4 and that the water from the tops of all houfes within the faid city and fuburbs thereof, fronting upon any ftreets, lanes, alleys, or paflages, (hall bg couveyed unto, or near the ground by pipes or trunks brought down by the fidcs, fronts, or ends of faid houfes; and if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time hereafter hang, ereCl, place, or build any fign, fign-poft, or iron, bo^rd, fpout, or gutter, in any of the, faid llreets. or lanes of the faid city, or caufe the fame to be done in any other manner than as aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of (aid city for the time being,^after thirty

Digitized by boogie

*Thc twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George HI.

ty one days notice given to the party offending as aforefaid, to employ workmen, and to alter, place, and fix the fa id figns, boards, fpouts, or gutters, agreeable to the directions of this aft, and to compel the owners of the fame to pay all the charges attending the fame,by diftrefi, and fale of the offenders goods, to be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of the fa id mayor.

LXIII. Provided always. That if any perfon or perfons (hall apprehend themfelves aggrieved by any fuch orders or direftions as aforefaid, they may appeal to the juitices of the peace in their next felfions to be held for th^ faid city ; and faid juitices are hereby impowered and required to hear $nd finally determine the fame, and to order the fheriffs of faid city at fuch feflions to impannel and return a jury im-mediately for the trial of the fame ; and in cafe laid jury fhall by their verdift find fuch appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, then, and in fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to for fuch jullices to impofe a fine not exceeding five pounds on every fuch appellant vvhofe appeal fhalj be fo found frivolous or vexatious as aforefaid, and to award full cofls to the refpondent* fuch fine to be levied by diflrefs and fale of fuch appellant’s goods, by warrant under the hand and fea^ of the faid mayor, and to be paid when fo levied to the chaipberlain of the faid city, and to be difpofed of by the mayor and common council of faid city as aforefaid, for the purpofe3 aforefaid, and for no other ufe, intent,, or purpofc vhatfoever.

LXIV. Provided alto, That the expence of removing* fixing* or placing fuch figns, fign-irons, polls, boards, fpouts, or gutters as aforefaid, which are now built or placed in any of the faid ftreets or lanes in faid city as afore-iaid, (hall be paid by the feveral tenants of the relpeftive premifies thereof, fave and except where the leafe of faid premises is of a fhorter dato of continuance than the term of fourteen years from the twenty-fifth of March, one thoufand feven * hundred and eighty-four.; and then, and in fuch cafe, that the tenant pf the fame fhall be allowed half fuch expences as aforefaid, by the head landlord thereof.

LXV. Whereas tl^e praftice of trawling* carried on in the harbour of Waterford, tends to the injury of the fifhery thereof: therefore be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next, take or deltroy any fifh what-foever, (oyfters' accepted) in tfye harbour of Waterford, in-fide Hook-Tower, by trawling, fuch perfon oj perfons firall on due proof thereof made before the mayor of the city gf Waterford, or any one or more of the juitices of the

Pee of the county off faid city, or any one or more of the ice£ of the peace of the county of Waterford, conti..

guou&.

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to next felfions. Sec, as herei n

Expencc of removing figns* &c. paid by te*. nant,&c.

On trawling in the harbour, forfeit lol. and the boat. See.

Digitized by L-ooQle

. 406	The	twenty	third and twenty-fourth Tears of George lit#

A. D* guous to the faid harbour, forfeit the fum of ten pounds

17 B3-4— together with the boat or veflel which fhall be employed iu Chap. 52. fuch trawling or fifhing, with all tackle, fails and rigging, together with fuch fifhing-trawls and geer made ufe of in fuch trawling 5 one moiety of the faid fum of ten pounds, and one moiety of the money that may arife by the faje of fuch forfeited boat or veffcl, and of her tackle, fail*, and rigging, and of fych fifhing trawj and geer, to go to the ufe of the houfe of induftry of the faid city of Waterford, and the other moiety thereof to gcx to the ufe of .fuch perfon orpei fons n* (hall firft fue for the fame.

Mayor to	LXVI. And for the more effectual ^ringing to jufticc

fofdac^St^aa ^llc^ Per^)n or perfops as {hall be guilty of the faid offence of keroa.*	trawling in the faid harbour of Waterford: be it enabled

bv the authority aforefaid, That the mayor of the faid city of Waterford fhall from time to time as oecafion ihall ic-quire, iffue a warrant diredtd to tl^e water-bailiff of the fcid city, or his deputy or deputies or to any other fpecial offi-' cer or officers by liim to be appointed fot that purpofe^ requiring him or them to feizc, arreft, and attach, and take into his or their cuflody any boat or veffcl that he or they, or any of them, fha^ find trawling for fifh in the fa\d harbour of Waterford (oyfters only excepted) infide faid Hook-Tower, and carry the faid boat or veflel, with her tackle, fails, and rigging, together with her fifhing trawls and geer, to fome convenient place within, the faid harbour, thereto be detained until the caufeof feizure fhall he determined pprfuant to \hc.mining thereof, and to carry the fe-veral perfons that fhall be found trawling in fuch boat or vef-fel, before the fajd mayor of the. faid city, or any one or more of the juftices of the peace of the county of the faid pity, or any one or more of the juftices of the peace of the faid county of Waterford, contiguous to the faid harbour, in order to have the faid matters heard and determined, and according tothe.true intent and meaning thereof \ and that the faid mayor, or any of the faid juftices fhall have power, on the conviction of the parties for fii^h trawling, to commit the perfon not paying his proportion of the Taid penalty, to his Majefty’s gaol for the county of the fajd city, or for the faid county of Waterford, according to t,heir rtTpeclWe jurifdidions of the faid mayor, or of fuch juftices, for the payment of fuch penalty; fuch, imprifonment not to. exceed one month-

ApuSlick LXVII. And he tV further eiiaded by the authority Sec.	afovtfaid,	That this a# fhall b$ deemed a publick act, and

fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges and juftices, and other perfons, without fpccially pleading tl)c fame ; or if any perfm fhall be fued or molefted for any thing done by virtue, or in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfect

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of George HI.

fon may plead the general iflue, and give this a ft, and the fpecial matter in evidence for his defence ; and if the plaintiffs fhali di(continue tbeir aftion, or be noofuited, or if judgment fliall be given again ft them. on. verdict or demurrer^ the defendants fhall recover double cofts of Juit*

C H A P. LIIL.

An ASt for further prompting the linen and Hempen Manufactures.	^

TT^HEREAS »t is, neccfTary to prevent frauds in the Brown yara ** malting and .Celling of yarn: be it enabled by tjbc f°rfale°r^" King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and	of	ia**

content of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and cpipmons in cuts of no this prefent Parliament affembled, apd by the authority of threads. Sec. the fame? That from and after the twenty ninth day of Sep- m^inak tember, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, or fuch ing> (Vbjea to* further time as may before faid day be appointed by any the’regulation* twelve or more of the trpllees of the linen and hempen ma- herein, nufafturea, all brown 01. unbleached or purged yarn that fliall be fold, expofed to. fale, exported* or intended to be fold, or exported, or be packed up for exportation, (hall be well and fufficiently fpun, fcnd made up into hanks, each hank to confift of twelve cuts and no more ; that every fuch cut (hall contain one hupdred and twenty threads* and n*. more j and that every fuch hapk (hall be of one yard and: one quarter in length* or two yards and. one half in circum.-feretice, and no moreand tjiat each fuch cut in every fuch hank (hall be feparated and cut-banded as the fapie-fliali be reeled, and npt afterwards; and that in reeling fuch linen* or hempen yarp no more than one thread at a, time (hall be reded ; and that a)l the yarn contained in every fuch hank fhall be flaxen yarn only* oi tow yarn only, or hempen yaru only, of the famecqlour and.fipentfs throughout fuch hank, and that aft knots in the faid y arn (hall he made in .the manner commonly called the weaver’s knot, and that no filch yarn, fhall be damped with water, or (aft and water* or any. other ingredients to incre»fe‘the weight thereof, apd that no fuch yarn fhall be dried over or near a fire iu order to lefTen its . height, -unlefs by the perfons properly authorized,, who (haH have feized fuch yarn for being wet, in which cafe fuch.per-fon is authorized, to dry the tame by fife, provided the weather will not permit the, fame being dried otherwife, and that no yarn (hall be made up in tnc rop£ way, but (baft be madb up in the Knk way or fourfold way, fo that every part of fcich yarn may be eafily feen and examined,vand that all linen, or hempen yarn that (hall be damped or dried as aforefaid^ qr that (hall not be reeled or made up according to the direction? aforefaid^ whether fold of expofed to be fold, by



The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George IEI.

A. D-	weight of otherwife, fhall be forfeited, and that no other

1783-4I	than the ftathte gauge round reel thall be ufed, and that evc-

Chap. 53.	rj fuch reel fhall meafure exaCtly two yfcrds and one half in

circumference, and that when the hank or twelve cuts are reeled, the fame (hall be lay-banded in {ingle or double cuts clofc to the lay-band, and that the lay-band fhall con fid of two or more threads twifted together, and when knotted fhall be of fuch length as to admit of opening the hank at that part, nine or ten inches at leaft, for the purpofe of fpreading on the bleach green ; and that all yarti in the fa;ne hank fhall be of the fame grift, colour, and length, under the penalty of all yarn being forfeited which fhall not be fo reeled, cut-banded, lay-banded, an<f uniform throughout the: hanks : and it thall and may be lawful for ’every infpe&or and perfons deputed or employed by him, being firft approved by the infpeCtor general, and any two of the faid truf-tcefc (as his afliftants) to Examine all brown, unbleached, or purged yarn which fhall be fold or expofed to falei brought to market, or packed up for exportation, or intended t6 be exported, as well on board any (hip or veffel aS tn ‘ every * market, ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, out-houfe, fhed, buildings, or other places, and to feixe the faftie, if reelcd'or piade up* contrary to this aft, or With any fraud.

II.	And for the more effectually preventing of thofe frauds in yarn ydiieh arc fp ruinous to the linen manufacture : be it enaCted, That if any fpinper, maker, reeler, jobber, feller, buyer, prey merchant, exporter of yarn, or any perfoti having in hjs or her pdfleflion any yam belonging to iny fuch peifon, or carrying, or having the cuftody thereof^ fhall refufe to fKew, upon demand made by apy infpeCtor* appointed by the faid trililecs, all fudi yarn, or to permit every, fuch infpeCtor to Cnter into and fearch at any hour between fun fife and fun fet all (lores, ware-houfes, rooms, buildings, or, other places Avhcrc any fuch yarn fhall be, or in which ftich iMpc£t:or (hall fufpect any yarn to be concealed, evefy fuch perfon fhall for the firft offence forfeit ten pounds, and for the freond offence, and every other offence the fum of twenty pounds upon conviction before any jullicc of the peace, the fatne to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, arid In* cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be. found, then it fhall and may be lawful for fuch jullicc to% commit fuch offender to the hopTe of correction, or next gaol, for fd' long a time as fhall be thought proper, not exceeding one 91011th In the whole or until fuch fine be paid *

__________ IIf- provided always, That on ev^ry fuch refufal, or on

to grant fearch application made by any infpeCtor to ^ny magiftrate fetting rants.* forth on oath a re.lfonable1 caufe of fufpicioti, or for fuch his application, it fhall be lawful for any magiftrate to grant

Refuting to fhfwyam, ®cC*

puniOied as herein.

Magiflrates

Digitized by kjOOQle

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tean of George III. ^	40^

his fearch warrant to fuch infpeftor in the prefence of a A. D. conftable or other perfon to be appointed by fuchon*giftrate 1783-4. ' to enter into all fuch ftores, ware-houfes, out-houfes, Chap. 53< ‘rooms, and buildings, or other places and there fearch for, and feize all yarn which fhall be made up, or be in any way contrary to this aft.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That all yam which Onfcizur*, fhall be feized for any of theabove irientioned frauds, or any ^ ^telcd/ offence contrary to this aft, fhall be immediately burned and ** herein. deRroyed, or frefh reeled as the law direfts* and otherwife

treated by.the infpeftor or perfons to be by hiifc employed,.	'	*

fo as to render it agreeable to* the provifions of this aft and merchantable before it fhall be again expofed to Idle, under the penalty of every fuch infpeftor paying two fhiRirgs and fix pence for each hank thereof, and of being immediately difmifTed frpm his office. *	*

V.	Provided always, That If any yarn dealer or other w On notice to perfon as aforefhid, fhall give notice to any infpeftor, of his

or her having any yarn in his or bier pofTtflion which is reeled and managed as the law dhrefts, and that he or fheJ fhall voluntarily make furrender of the fame, to fuch infpeftor or fuch perfon »$ fhall be appointed by him to receive and frifh leel the fame, ^and render it otherwise merchantable, fuch yarn fhall be delivered back to fuch dealer or other perfon within thirty days upon fuch dealer or other perfon paying three pence per Tpangle for the coil of.frefh^ reeling, and rendering the fame merchantable, and for'the in-fpeftor’s trouble. '	*

VI.	And be it further enafted, That all brown* line* or ag yarn which fhall be feized by any infpeftor or. other perfon forfcijed. as aforefaid, for being reeled, made tip, or crt her wife being contraiyr to this aft, fhall be forfeited to the (aid troftees,

and the produce thereof be applied by them in rewarding ; the faid infpeftor, or for otherwise promoting the linen manufafture as they fhall think proper.	‘

VII.	Provided always. That if any perfon fhall think May appeal him or herfelf aggrieved by any fuch feizure, it (hall and to magiftrat* may be lawful for fuch perfon/ within four days after* the in four day^ feizure, to appeal to any magiftrate, firft giving notice to

the infpeftor or other perfon as afbrefaid, of fifth his or her intention ; and the magiftrate to whom fuch appeal fhall be made, fhall fummon fuch infpeftor or other perfon as aforefaid, to produce the brown linen or y*rn fo feiied, and af-fign the eaufe or eaufes why he flffzed the fame, and fhall call before him three perfons (killed in brown linen’or yarn, to attend and give thdr opinion upon* oath of the Efficiency of the faid eaufe or cafcfes, and whether th^ faid fo*own linen or yarn was feizable and forfeited by virtue of this aft ;

1	*	3	1	and

%

Digitized by

Google

If feizahle delivered to infpe&or.

Perfont fcizing except a Uuftc*, $cc.

TJnleft delivered in 4 da/a

to infpettor and adjudged i'eia-abk.

Like appeal and proceedings on yarn feiscd.

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Ycart of George III.

and if two of the faid three perfons (hall deem the kid brown linen or yarn not to have been feizable and forfeited under the pponfiona in this adl, the fame fhaH be reftored to the perfon or perfons from whom the fame was feized, and the infpe&or, if required by the faid magiftrate, (ball pay fuch damages, not exceeding five (hillings per piece of brown linen, or one penny per hank to the faid perfon or perfpns as the faid magiftrate (hall adjudge, upon pain of being *by him committed to ciofe confinement until he (hall pay the fame.

VIII. Provided always, „That if two of the faid three perfons (hall deem the faid brown Imcn or yam to have beeo feizable, and forfeited under the provifions in this aft, the fame (hall be immediately returned to the infpc&or for the difyofal of the faid truftee.

SIX. And to prevent unneceflary and litigious trouble to (pinners and deajeis in yarn or brown linen: be it enadted, That it (hall not be lawful for any perfon, other than a truf-tee of the linen manofa&fire or an officer belonging to them, or an infpe&or as aforefaid, or peffo.n deputy by fuch in-fpe&or or by the rfifpedtor geuefal, as his affiftant, to feizc in the provinces pF Leinfter, Munfter, or Conaught, any yarn for being /celed. made up, or otberwife, being contrary to this or any Other a& legulating the tame ; and if any perfon not being a trudge as aforefaid* or an officer belonging to the faid truiUes^ or not being an infpe&or appointed as aforefaid, or a perfon deputed by fuch in(peftor, Or the infpcddr general, as hk affiftant, (hall feize or pre-fume to feize any yam or brown linen for being fold or made up, or othermfc being contrary to this or any other aft regulating the lame, every fuch perfon (hall be puoilh-able, and fatter as a perfon felonioufty taking the property of another.	,	*

X.	Provided*always, That nothing herein contained, (haft extend to afteft with any penalty, or to hinder any perfon from feizing and detaining any yam for being reeled, made up, or otberwife being contrary to this or any other aft regulating the fame, u fuch perfon (hall deliver the fame within four days to tbe infpedxor, ,or other perfon as aforefaid, in order that the fame be dealt with according to law; and that fuch yarn (hall be adjudged by fuch inrfpe&or or other perfon as aforefaid, to have been feizable and forfeited.

XI.	Provided always. That if aily perfon, fhaH. think him or herfrff aggrieved by ajay fuch feizore, it tfhall and mar be lawful for fuoi perfon, within four days after fuch adjudication, to appeal to any magiftrate/ firft giving notice to the infpeflor or other perfon as aforefaid, and alfo tq the perfon who ftized fuch yarn, of fuch hi& or^er intention 1

and

Digitized by Google

TIfer t*zuenty-th\rd and twenty*fourth Tear* ef George HI*	4t	(

and the magi ft rate to whom fuch appeal (hall be made, (hall A. D*

fummon fuch infpe&or Qr other perfon asaforefaid, and alfo 1783-4*

the perfon who feized fuch yarn, to produce the yam fo feiz- Chap. 53. *

ed, and afltgn the caufe or caufes why the fame was feiz*

cd ; and (hall call before .him three perfons (killed in yarn,

to attend.and give their opinion upon oath of the fufficiency

of the faid caufe or caufes, and whether the faid yarn was

feJzable and forfeited by virtue of this a6l ; and if two of

the faid three perfons (hall deem the (aid yam not to have

been Ceizable and forfeited under the provifions :n this ad,

it (hall be reftoted Vo the perfon or perfons from whom the

fame was feized; and the perfon who feized the fame,

if required hy the faid magiftrate, (hall pay fuch damages,

not exceeding one penny per hank, to the faid perfon or

perfons, as the ftud magiftrate (hall adjudge, upon pain of

being by him committed to clofe confinement until he (hall .

pay the fame.

XT I. Provided always, That if two of the faid throe perfons (hall deem the faid yarn to have been feizable and forfeited under the provifiops in this adv the fame (hall be immediately returned to the infpeftor far the difpofal of the faid truftees.	"

XIII.	And in prder the hotter to enable the fpirmers to *ooot. to be cx'ecute the dire&ions aforefaf^: be it enabled, That the laid out for reel* faid truftees (hall grant the fum of two thoufand pounds out to be dtfhibuted* of the funds veiled in them, to be laid out in the pDrchafe of

ftatutable reels, and to be diftributed in fuch parts of the provinces of Connaught, Leinfter, and Munller, in which the mawufa&ure of unreeled yarn is now principally tamed on, to be diftributed on fuch conditions, and in luch proportions as (hall be dirked by faid tcuftees,

XIV.	And whereas the bounties granted upon the ex- Same bounties port of linen* are payable only on linens of the breadth of for 900 inches twenty-five inches and upwards, and the export of linens of fquare of linen letter widths may he advantageous, if equally encouraged : or Per*&c* be it enadled, That the like bounties as are no\y by law

payable for each yard of linen of the breadth of twenty-five . incites exported, (hajl be. paid in like manner, and fubjedt to the like regulations, forfeitures, and reftri&ions, for every nine hundred inches fquare of linen or diaper of a narrower width than twenty-five inches, according to the rcfy'eclive value of fuch. nine hundred fquare inches, deeming nine hundred fquare inelies of all linen under twenty-five inches m width, equal to one yard in length of linen twenty-five, inches width.

XV.	And whereas infpc&ors of linen and yam have Annual in-been found ufeful in the counties wherein they have been fpeltor appoint, appointed, and it will be expedient that the truftees of the cd h7 ,a t™,?*** lineq and_herilpeu manufactures Uvould have a power of en- by alT&aaVk

creafing c.33.

Digitized by Google

4'*

A. D.

i?83-4-Chap. f$.

Returns by rcfidcnts who bought or manufactured to the amount of 500I. the year before valid.

The twenty-third aid twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

crcafing their number: be it enafted, That inilead of the infpeftors, (except the infpeftor or infpeftors general) appointed by virtue of an aft: palled in the twenty-firft and twenty-fe^ond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An h& for prohibiting the ufe of lime in bleaching, regulating the feed vuijlers of linens, encouraging the home manufacture of ajbes fot bleachers ufe, enlarging and rendering more commodious the finen-hall in the c'tty of Dublin % and other pur* fofs, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truflees or any twelve 6r more ~of them, aflemblcd at the Linen-hall in the city of Dublin, to appoint annually one infpeftor for each of the counties following, fcilicit, Armagh, Cavan, Donne-gal, Fermanagh, Derry, Tyrone, Monaghan, Sligo, Cork, Mayo, Galway, Rofcofnnion, including that part of the town and precinfts of Lanefborough fituate in the county of Longford; Clare, Dublin, King1® county and Weft-meatb, including that part of*.the town and precinfts of AtMone fituatd in the county of Rpfcofnmon, and one infpeftor for the -counties of Leitrim and Longford, and one infpeftor for the counties of Lo.uth, Meath, and county of the town of Drogheda, and one infpfcftor for the counties of Kildare and Wicklow, and one inipeftor for the counties of Carlow and Wexford, and one infpeftor for the counties of Kerry’, Limerick, and county of the city of Limerick, and or^e infpeftor for the county of Kilkenny, city of Kilkenny and (Queen’s county, and one infpeftor foi the counties of Tipperary, Whteifbrd, and county of the city of vVaterfortl, and one infpeftor for the county of the* city of Cork, and two infpeftors for *acb of the following counties, that is to fay, Antrim and Down, in the fame manner as is mentioned for the appointment of in* fpeftors by the faid recited aft for the counties of Antrim, Ahnagh, Derry, Donnegal, Down and Tyrone.

XV I. Provided always. That in* cafe there (hall not be twelve regiftered bleachers within the county or diftrift for which one or more of fuch infpeftors are to be appointed, Any return made'by fuch perfons as (hall be refident within the faid xrounty pf diftrift, who iliall have bought, fold, or manufactured yarn or linen cloth therein to the amount of five hundred pounces at leall in the yCar immediately preceding fuch return, whether they be mapufofturers, mer-. chants, or others, fhall .be confideatd a$ valid, within the intent and meaning of tjiis aft, as if made by regiftered bleachers: provided fuch perfons fhall rfefpfcftively fend with the faid return affidavits made by themfelves of their having fo fold, bought, or manufaftured fuch quantity ; and every perfon who fhall be chofen out of' fuch returns, and every infpeftor who fhall be appointed by virtue of this aft, fhall have the fame powers aud authorities, and be fuSjeft to the

Digitized

zed by Google

The titotitythird and Inventj-fourth Tears of George til-	4ij

like regulations, reftriftions, and penalties as infpeftors ap- A. D. pointed by virtue of the faid recited aft, and (hall execute 1783-4. within his diftticl all lawful commands given^ to him by the Chap. 53, faid truftees, from time to time, touching the linen and \^>*~S~***^ hempen manufaftures, from the firft fowing of the feed to the fulled ftate of the completion of each Species of the manufafturc, and touching aufaiVs, markets, or other places of fale, and all looms, wheels, and other utenfils giyen or lent by the faid truftees, under pain of forfeiting jive pounds for every negleft or omiflion of fo doing.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if !he faid re- jf r(£urt turn fhall be omitted to* be made by any equity or diftrift of omitted 12 . the perfons out ofrwhom an infpe&or or irffpe&ors are to be truftee* may appointed, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truft£e$ or *P£oint lQlpcc* any twelve or more of them alfcmhled as aforefaid, .to'appoint any ’perfon or perfons they (hall think proper to be in-

fpeftor or infpeftors for fuch county or diftrift.

XVIII.	Provided always, That fuch perfon or perfons Bred to (hall have been bred to or exeicifed, or dealt in fome one hr*nc*J ** branch of the linen n^nufadture, and iuch infpeftor fhall mauu Continue in office utitefs otfttrwife ordered by the faid truf-

tees until fuch return ; any thing herein^ contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further^ enafted, That it fhall and inay infpe&org be lawful for the faid truftees or any twelve or more of them falarics not fo afTembled, to appoint for and pay to every irffpeftor fuch a')0VC 400I. a

. falary not‘exceeding forty pounds by the year, as they IhaU ycar* think proper* And whereas multiplicity of bufmefs, and the regular and frequent meetings of the (hid truilees have •ccafioned great increafe of labour and attendance to (heir fecretary: be it enafted, That, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any twelve or more of th#n aflem* bled as aforefaid, to appoint and pay for the falary of their fecretary any fum not 'exceeding in the whole the fum of four hundred pounds by the year; any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	And whereas five truftees are required by the faid Warrants recited aft, to fign every warrant to the vice treasurer, re- figned by 2 ceiver or paymafter general, his of their deputy or deputies truftcctvaAi<*# to pay any money appropriated or granted by law to the

faid truftees: be it enacted. That the Signature of two truftees to every Aicli ^arrant (hall be as valid to .all intents and purpofe's as if five truftees h*vd figned the fame.

XXI.	And whertai great ioconveuicnce has arifen to the packagC8 0f

manufacturers of the cheque and other branches of trade dyed yarn, or where dyed yam or cotton is ufed by uncertainty or fraud cotton to be in the (lability of the colour thereof: be it enacted. That	trulh

every perfon felling or expofing to fale any blue or red

Itnco or cotton yarn, (hall fix. on the outfide of the packages

Digitized by ^.ooQle

4*4

“The twenty-third	ant) twenty-fourth fear: of George ITL

A. D.

* 783-+*

Chap. 53.

And linen, totton, *nd calico marked on both ends.

If redwood mixed with -madder, or ufed in railing c*» lours, penalty, >oli

Like penalty on ufingiog* wood when dyed blue.

17 and 18 G.

3. c. 1. f. 6. recited.

ages of fuch dyed yam in legible characters if blue, either the word indigo or logwood, and if red, either the won! madder or brazil, or a word denoting the red Wood ufed In dyeing, according as the faid yarri Or cotton lhall have been dyed with indigo, logwood, madder, brar.il Wood, or other red wood, under pain of forfeiting for every pound weight of fuch yarn or cotton which (hall not be truly marked as aforefaill, and which (hall be fold or expofed to fale without fuch mark, the fum of forty (hillings.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every printer of linen, cotton ind callicoe (hall (lamp on both ends of every piece which he or (he (hall print, in legible chara&ers the words falfe or fall, according1 as the colours ufed in printing fcall be falfe or fad under the like penalty.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed, That if any logwood, btazO, or other"red wood, (hall have been mixed with the madder, or ufed in any (hape in raifing the colours of printed linens, Cottons or callicoesj on which the words fad colours (hall be written or printed as aforefaid, every dyer or other perfon To mixing or ufing the fame, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence, and the linen, cottoi or calTfcoe (hall be feieed and forfeited to the ufe of the faid truces to he by them difpofed of in fuch manner as they (hall think proper. •

aXTVI And be It efta&ed, That if any dyer or othef perfon (hall ufe logwood in the dying any cdtton, callicoe or linen dyed blue, and be thereof convi&ed, he (hall filffef the like penalty, and the cotton, callicoe ot linen fo dyed lhall be feized and forfeited in like manner.

XXV. And whereas by an a& palT 1 irf the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majelty, entitled, An a8 to explain and amend an a8 faff'd in the third year of the reign of his prtfent Majefy, entitled, An a8 for the better regulation of the linen and hembeti manufa8ures, it wasenaded, That no flax-feed or hemp-Ieed imported (hould be fold or expofed to fale, for fowing, except in the cafks in which the fame was imported, and thofe Cafks duly branded or marked, under high penalties, and the coUedor or other officer of the pdrt is entitled to the fum of fix pence for each calk io branded or markcxl: be it ena&ed, That from and after the palling of this ad, in order to prevent any bad feed which (hall be imported from being fold for fowing whenever any two of the faief three perfon* fum-moned by the colledor or other officer purfuant to the pro-viiion in faid ad to view any flax-feed or hemp-feed, (hall not report their opinion that the fame is of found quality, or fit for fowing, the faid feed, and the calks in which, the fame is contained, (hall be detained in the King*3 (lores till she firlt day of July next following the importation thereof.

Digitized by

Google.



The ttveftty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George MI.

and (hall then be delivered without fee or reward to the importer, upon his giving fufficient fecurity, which fecurity the colle&or or other chief officer is hereby authorized and required to take, that the whole of the (aid flax-feed (hall be exported or made into oil in tins kingdom before the firft daypf February next following, and if the impottei or importers (hall not givjj fuch fecurity before the twenty-ninth day of September next following the firft day of July as aforefaid, fiich flax-feed or hemp-feed, and the c#flc or calks wherein the fame is contained, (hall be fold by publick auction to the perfon who (hall offer the higheft price for the * fame, and enter into like feeprity, or (hall be publickly burned, or otherwife deftroyed oh faflurt of a bidder or bidders, who (hall give fuch fecurity,

X XVI. Provided always, That if the higheft bidder at Higheft bid* any fuch auction (haft not immediately give iucb fecurity as der not giving aforefaid; the next higheft bidder who (hall give fuch fecu* fecurity next rity (hall be deemed, the pilrchafer, and aQ money received FUIT^afc5Pr<:* at fuch au&iort for fale thereof, after deducing all neceflary crred> c# charges, and one (haling in thk pound as a reward to the collector or other chief officer, (hall be to the ufc of the importer or importers and pai^ to him, hef or them on demand.

XXVII.	And he k ena&ed, for the better encourage- No bounty iqcrtt of the fail cloth v kianufadure in this kingdom. That f®r filing buft from and after the firft day of January, one thpufand feven a v,t> hundred and eighty-five, no owner of any fiftring bufs or veffel (hall be entitled to the bounty of twenty (hillingk a *	•

ton, or any other bounty upon the tonnage theeeof, nor (hall aftiy fuch bounty be paid to any fuch owner, unlefs ft (hall appear by the affidavit of the mafter thereof, that fuch bufs or veffel was fitted out with fails made of Irifh fail cloth, and that during the time fuch bafs of veffel was out at fea,^ and for which the bounty (hall be claimed, no fails or fail* cloth yfas ufed or ftored on board fuch bufs or veffel, except of the mannfa&u{c and fabrick of this kingdom.

X)iVIII. And be it cna&ed, That if any owner of any tffing other bufs or veffel (hall daifli any fuch bounty after the faid time, fails than Irilh, and it (hall be proved that on board, nis bufs or yeffel any forfeit iool. to fails or fail cloth not being of |ri(h manufacture and fabrick Pr°fccutor* were ufed or ftored at any time'during the voyage, for which he claimed bounty, he (hall forfeit for every fuch of-fenqg the 1 um of ohe hundred pourtds, to be fued for and recovered by. bill, plaint, or information in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record, to the ufe of the perfon filing for the fame, and every mafter convi&ed of fatfe (wearing in the foregoing affidavit required to be made by him, (hall fuffer the pains and penalties ena&ed againft perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt penury.

XXIX. And

4*5 As t).

* 783.4. Chap. 53.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

4i£	The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George IIL

A. D. XXIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforelaid, 17^3-41 That all offences committed again ft this aft (hall and may be heard and determined, and all penalties and forfeitures Offences de- incurred or rmpofed by yirtife of this aft (hall *nd may be feed pcnalticB ixco- recovered and difpofed of in like manner* and by the £ered a* by fame wa>’s and methods as are direfted by ad a ft parted ill jG.j.c. s4- the third year of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An ad for the better regulation of the lirien and hempen manufaSurcs concerning offences committed agmnfhtlse fame, and the penalties or forfeitures inopofed or incurred thereby, except where it if herein otherwise particularly tnafted or declared.

CHAP. LIV.

An A3 for reviving and continuing Temporary Statutes.

6 G 1. k f $> XII. A ND whereas an aft parted in the lixth year of fjjL the reign of George the firft, entitled, An ad for ending and continuing; lights in the city of Dublin^ and the feveral liberties adjoining ; and alfo in tfcc cities of Cork and Li• S G x e 16 mer*c^ liberties thereof whkh (aid aft was amended by

*	an ad made in the eighth yeai^of his faid late Majefty’* reign, entitled, An aS for amending an ad, entitled, An ad for ereSing and continuing Lights in the city of Dublin, and the feveral liberties adjoining ; and alfo m the cities of Cork and

q	Limerick,	and	liberties	thereof	and	the	fiufte	was explained

S . a. c. 13. ^n(j amended by another aft made in the third year of the reigti of his late Majefty/Gebrge the fecond, entitle^ An aS for explaining and amending an aS made in the fixtb year of the reign of his late Majejly,' George the firft, entitled, An aSfor ere ding and continuing lights in the city of Dublin and the feveral Liberties adjoining ; arid alfo in the cities (f Cork and Limerick, dud liberties thereof 1 and whereas by an aft parted 15 *».c. 11* jn t^e flfteeenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty,

*	entitled, An a8 to revive and amend an aS made in the Jixth year of his faid late Majejly George the JirJl, for ereSing and continuing lights in the city of Dublin, and the feveral liberties adjoining ; and alfh \ri the cities of Cork arid Limerick, and liberties’thereof as far as the fame relates to the liberties adjoining to the eity of Dublin^ and to the cities qF Cork and jLimenck, and liberties thereof, it was enafted, that all and every claufe, article, and provifoe ift the faid acontained* touching and ih refpeft of the liberties of Saitft Sepulchre’s, Thomas Court, and Donore, except fuch parts -thereof as were thereby altered, fhquid be revived, and remain and be In full force and effeft as they flood before the expiration of the faid afts to all intents and purpdfes, for the fpace of twenty one years, to commence from the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred &nd forty-two 5 and by an aft

parted

*

Digitized by Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III •

JpafTed in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An ad for reviving, continuing, and amending feveral temporary Jlatutes, and for other purpofes therein mentionedWere further continued for twenty one years, from the firft day continued 21 of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, and to ?cars 1 G- 3* the end of the then next feffion of Parliament: be it enaft*- c l7' * ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every claufe, article, and provifoe fo continued by the faid laft mentioned aft of the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, touching, and in refpeft of the faid liberties of St. Sepulchre’s.

Thomas Court, and Donpre, be continued and remain ana be in full force as they now Hand to all intents and purpofes fo far only as they relate to the liberties of St. Sepulchre’s,

Thomas Court, and Donore, for the fpace of twenty one years, to commence from the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, and to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament.

CHAP. LV.

An Aft to remove Doubts and Scruples with Refgeft to the Conftruftton of an. Aft paffed in this Kingdom> in the fifth Tear of his late Majefty King George the Secondr, entitled, An Aft for reducing the inter eft of Money to Six per Cent.

WHEREAS doubts and fcruples have been con- Lawful to ceived, whether the faid aft, or any other aft re. lend money at lative to theredudion of intereliof money in this kingdom, mUedby8 * from the particular wording of the fame, have made it law- 50. %. c 7* ful to take intereft for money : for remedy whereof, be it declared and enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it is and has been lawful from the paffing of faid aft, to and for every per-fon or perfons whatfoever, to lend out money at intereft, not exceeding the intereft limited by the (aid ad.

II.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained, (hall No higher in-tuthorize any perfon or perfons to take any higher rate of tereft than al-antereft or forbearance money, er by way of intereft or pre-mium for the loan of money, than they were by law allowed to do, previous to the paffing of this aft.

4*f

A. D.

1783-4.

Vol. VII.	D	d	CHAP.

Digitized by Google

t

41S

A. D.

17*3-4-

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George ill.

CHAP. LVl.

An Act for the more effectual Difcovery and Profctutbm of Of Jen-Jets called Houghers> and for the Support and MainU-thi .<v of S Adlers or others houghed, maimed, and difahitdbj

fuel) Ojfenders.

If honours

• fCiipt , vc. gratia j«r\ iiiall aflli* iz I. a vear during the life of a 1 crion houghed, &c.

'TXT’ HEREAS divers profligate and evil difpofed per-V V fons have of late with knives and other (harp weapons, in a barbarous and inhuman manner, houghed, maim* edund difrbied feveral foldiers in thetervice of ourfovercign Lord the King, by cutting the tendons and finews of their kgs acroiV., thereby totally difabling the (aid foldiers from fuither ferving his Majelty, and from earning their bread by their labour when diichargcd from his Majelty's fervice : and Whereas the (aid barbarous offenders have generally after perpetrating fuch enormous crimes, efcaped from juftice, and have generally hitherto remained undiscovered: for the more fpeedy and dfeduakdilcovery and profecution therefore of I tie'll offenders, and for the fupport and maintenance of fuch foldiers or other fubje&s of his Majdlty -as (hall hereafter be lu*i.ghed, maimed and difabled by fuch evil difpofed perfons, be ic elided by the King's molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confeut of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, am. by the authority of the fame, That in cafe any private foldicr in thv acitn! (endec of his’Majtfly, or his fucccflors* or any other liibjecl of his Majeily (hall from and after the palling of this act be houghed, and have the tendons and fmews of his leg or legs cut aerdfs, and in cafe the perfon or perfons who (hall pellet rate fend commit inch -offence (hall cfcQpc, and fhall not be ditoovered and apprebended, *pwk* cuted and convicted t^thin the fpace of fix Tnonths:«cxtafter fuch offence dull be committed, that then and in fuch cafe the refpedive grand juries of the feveral counties no this kingdom, * where fuch fad (hall be camndttad, if the * foid fad (hall bd committed in any ccmntyrexccpt'the county of Dublin, or the county of the city-of >Dublin, (hsdl, and are hereby required at anyaffizes to be heldfor tubh county, within one year after fuchfa£t (hell be comrartted, tovpre-fent and charge upon the inhabitants of fuch’barony of luch county in which the faid fad fhallbe committed, or on tbc inhabitants of the county of any chy or town at larger .except the faid city oi Dublin) in which the faid fad fhallbe committed, the fum of twenty pounds (terling, to be paid yearly and every year during the life of fuch private foldicr or other fubjed of his Majdly fo houghed as aforefaid, to fuch piivate foldicr or other fubjed of his Maidly for his fupport and maintenance ; and in cafe the faid fad (TklII be 1	committed



Digitized by Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George lit.	4191

committed in the county of Dublin, or in the county of the, A. D. city of Dublin,4 that then and in fuch cafe the refpe&ive 1783-4. gfand juries of laid county of Dublin, and of the laid Chap. 56. county of the faid city of Dublin, in his Majefty’s court of -—— TCing's-bench, (hall, and are hereby required in term time, within one year after fuch fa& fhall be committed, to prefent and charge on the inhabitants of fuch barony within the faid county of Dublin, or on the inhabitants of fuch parifh within the county of the faid city of Dublin, a6 the faid fadl (hall be committed, in the fum of twenty pounds fterling, to be paid yearly and every year during the life of fuch private foldier, or other fubje& of his Majefty fo houghed as aforefaid,. to fuch private foldier or other fubje& of his Majefty* for his fupport and maintenance; the faid fum of twenty pounds yearly and every year, to be levied on the inhabitants of fuch barony or county of city, or town or parifh in the faid city of Dublin refpe&ively where fuch fad fhall be com* mitted, in like manner as mbney is levied that is charged by grand jury upon counties, or counties of cities, or towns r within this kingdom, and to be paid to fuch private foldier . or other fubjedt of his Majefty who fhall be ft> houghed as aforefaid, by equal moieties, viz. one moiety at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefTed Virgin Mary, and the other moiety at the feaft of St* Michael the Arch-Angel, in every ydar, by the treafurer of the county, or of the county of the city or town within which the faid fad fhall be committed, without any fee, allowance, or dedudion whatfoever to the faid treafurer for paying the fame; and that the judge* of ailize or the judges of his Majefty’s court of King's-bench, as the cafe may be, fhall, and they are hereby required to confirm fuch prefentment.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Exammatiefri, That from and after the palling of this ad, when any pri- on oath, and vate foldier in the fervice of his Majefty fhall be houghed certificate from as aforefaid, the examinations upon the oath of the faid pri-	^

vate foldier, taken before any of his Majefty*s juftices of the fa&, peace for the faid county or county of a city, or town in which faid fad fhall be committed, fpecifying the time when, and plac6 in which he was fo houghed, and the oath of the furgepn of the regiment to which fuch private foldier fhall belong, fpecifying and fetting forth the nature of the wound which the faid private foldier fhall have received ; and alfo fetting forth, that the faid private foldier has been adually houghed, and that the finCws and tendons of his leg or leg* have been cut acrofs, and alfo a certificate figned by the commanding officer of the. company, troop or regi ment to which the faid private foldier fhall belong, certifying that he was a foldier in the adual fervice of his Majefty, , and that he has been houghed as aforefaid, fhall be fafRcient D d 2	evidence

Digitized by *

o	ttht	twenty-third	and	twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A. D. evidence to the grand jury of the county, or county of a 1783-4.	£ity, or. town in which fuch fad (hall be committed, that

Chap. 56.	fuch fad has been adually committed, and that fuch pri-

^ vate foldier lias been houghed ; and when any other fubjed of his Majefty, who is not a foldier in the fervicc of his Majefty, (hall be houghed as aforefaid, the examination on oath of the faid perfon fo houghed, taken before any of his Majetty’s juft ices of the peace for the faid county, or the county of a city, or town in which fuch fad (hall be committed, fpecifying the time when, and the place in which he was fo houghed ; and the oath of fuch furgeon as fhall dref or alTift in d re (Ting the wound received by fuch houghed perfonp, fpecifying and fetting forth the nature of the wound w hich the faid perfon (hall have received, and that he has been adually houghed, and that the finews and tendons of his leg. or legs have been cut acrofs, and a certificate from the rector, vicar, or curate of the parilh in which fuch foci (hal! have been committed, certifying that fuch perfon has been actually houghed as aforefaid, (hall be fuf-ficient evidence to the grand jury of the county, or county of a city, or town in which fuch fad (hall be committed, that fuch fadt has been actually committed, and that fuch perfon has been houghed, tf offender III* Provided always, That in cafe the perfon or perfons c<mhitfetl in f> who (hall after the pafliug of this ad, hough any private mr'-ths, no foldier or other fubjed of his .Majefty, and cut the tendons prouitnuut. and finews of his leg or legs acrofs, (hall be apprehended, profecuted and convided of fuch offence within fix months next after he or they (hall have committed fuch offence, that then and in fuch cafe the inhabitants of the barony or parifti in which fuch fad (hall be committed, (hall not be liable to pay any fum of money whatfoever to fuch private foldier or other fubjed of his Majefty, as (hall be houghed as aforefaid, nor (hall they or any of them be charged or chargeable therewith ; nor (hall any presentment for the pur-pofe of levying any fum of money whatfoever for the maintenance and fupport of fuch private foldier or other fubjed of his Majefty, on the inhabitants of the barony or parifti in which fuch fad (hall be committed, be made by the grand jury of the county, or of the county of the city or town in which the faid barony or parifh is (ituated ; nor (hall the judges of uffizc or the judges of his Majefty’s court of King’s-bcnch confirm fuch prefentment.

Convia* un- IV. And for the purpofe of more effcdually preventing dcr 13 fie 14 G. the wicked and barbarous pradices tpentioned and deferibed h	in and by an ad of Parliament made in this kingdom in the

thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An act to prevent malicious cutting and w run ding 9 ami to puni/h offenders called chalkers ; and alfo in

and

7he twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

and by another aft of Parliament made in this kingdom in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his pre-febt Majefty, entitled. An aB for continuing and amending an ad faffed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefty9s reign, entitled. An aft to prevent malicious cuffing and wounding, andtopunijh offenders called chalkers ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this aft, all and every perfon or perlons who (hall be lawfully convifted of any ciime or crimes in the faid recited afts of the thirteenth and fourteenth, and feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty mentioned, (hall be executed on the day next but one after fenteuce palled, unlefs the faid day (hall be a -Sunday, and in that caie lhall be executed on the Monday following, and that fuch fentence lhall be pronounced in open court immediately after fuch conviftion, unlefs the court lhall fee reasonable caufe foi4 poftponing the fame, in which fentence lhall be expreffed, not only the ufual judgment of death, but alfo the time hereby appointed for the execution of the perfon or perfons fo convifted.

V.	Provided nevertbclefs, That if there lhall appear reasonable caufe, the judge before whom fuch conviftion lhall be, may after fentence pronounced, ftay the execution thereof at his diferetion, regard being always had to the true intent and purpofe of this aft.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That after fuch conviftion and judgment thereon, the gaoler lhall confine the prifoner to Some cell or other proper and fafe place In the prifon, apart from the other prisoners, and that no perfon except the gaoler or his Servants lhall have acccfs to him without a licence from the judge or IherifF, his deputy or under Iheriff; provided nevertheless, That if the jud^e lhall fee caufe to refpite the execution of any prifoner fo convifted, he may during the time of fuch refpite, relax or releafe by licence under bin hand all or any of the reftraints or Regulations before direfted to be obferved by the gaoler,

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That after fentence, add until execution, the offender lhall be fed

-with bread and water only, and with no other food or li-quor whatfoever, (except in cafe of receiving the facrament of the lord’s Supper, or of any violent ficknefs or wound, in which cafe Some known phyfician, Surgeon or apothecary may be admitted by the gaoler to adminifter neceffaries to fuch offender, the name and place of abode of fuch phy-(ician, Surgeon, or apothecary being firit . entered on the books of Such prifon there to remain^;) and if any gaoler lhall offend aguhft, or negleft to put in execution any of the di-

reftions

421'

A. D.

1783-4*

Chap. 56.

and 17 Sc 18 G. 3. c. 11.

lhall he cxe-ecuicd flic day nexc but one after fentence, unlcfa Sunday, See.

The judge may ftay execution.

After conviction, no ac-ccfs without ii-tence, See.

Fed with bread and water, except on receiving facra-ment. See.

Digitized by

Google

422	The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.

A. D. redions or regulations hereby enaded to be observed, he fhafi, 1783-4. foi fuch offence, forfeit his office, and be fined in the fum of fifty pounds, and (hall fuffer imprifonment until the laid fine continued to be paid ; and that this ad (hall continue in force for eight 2?c to 24 June ^ears ^°m twent7 fourth day of June, one thoufand (even 1794, &c. 31 ’ hundred and eighty four, and to the end of the then nest G. 3. 44. 3. feffion of Parliament.

CHAP. LVII.

An AS for the more effectually Pavings Chaffing, and Lighting of the Streets of the City of Dublin, and other Places therein mentioned; and for making Sewers, and erefttng Fountains and Conduits in the faid City for the Ufe of the Poor, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned\

Repealed by

26 G. 3. c. 6t. f. 'a. except, at to improving I,. H. «$cc. and the repealing alaufct.

13 and r4

C. 3. c. 22.

iS and i6,G. 3. €. 20.

21 and 22 C, 3. c. 60.

WHEREAS an ad of Parliament was paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majefty’t reign, entitled. An ad for paving the freets, lanes, quays, bridges, fquares, courts, and alleys, within the city and county of the city of Dublin, and other places therein particularly mentioned : and whereas one other ad of Parliament was paffed in the fifteenth and fixteeoth years of his (aid Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad to explain and amend an ad, entitled, An adfor paving the freets, lanes, quays, bridges, fquares, courts, and alleys within the city and county of the city of Dublin, and other purpofes relative to the faid city of Dublin, and other places therein particularly mentioned; and for extending the pro-vj/ions in the faid ad to the baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore : and whereas one other ad of Parliament was paffed in the twenty-firfl and twenty-fecond years of his (hid Ma« jelly’s reign, entitled, An ad for paving and repairing the freets, fquares, lanes, quays, and other places in the city and county of the city of Dublin and liberties thereof; and for preventing and removing obfrudiom, nuifances, and asmoyances within the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned : and whereas a confiderable debt (till remains due by the corporation conftituted by the faid ads, on account of the execution thereof, and many (Ireets and other places are in a worfe condition than they were before the faid laft mentioned ad was ppfied, and the benefits to the publick expeded to arife thereby, have not accrued : and wheteas it is thought expedient and neceflary to diffolve the prefent corporation, ana to appoint diredors and commiffioners veiled with full powers for carrying into execution the purpofes of the (aid recited ads, and for the other purpofes heiein mentioned: wherefore, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jelly, by and with the advice and conferft of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and common* in this prefent Parliament

affembled,

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	423

affembled, and by the authority of the fame* That from	A. D.

and after the palling of* this- a£tr all. and every claufe in the	1783-4*

faid recited acta, which appoint the perfons therein naimd Chap. 57. to be commiffioners. and committee-men for executing the	—\'—

fame,, and the find former acts he repealed.

II. And whereas the feveral ftreets, quays, alleys, lanes, Al! p rivers yards, courts, fquares, and bridges in the county of the ocerciktl by any city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof are not properly [^r c^an^nftjc cleaned, or lighted, nor have the perfons (undci^whofe ma- ter mined.C ** oagement the fame have been) effectually executed the powers by law vntftod hi them for that purpofe, and it would tend greatly to the free inteycourfe, health, and fafety of tlie inhabitants, of the faid flreets and other places, and of all perfons palling through the fame, if the faid llreets and other places were properly cleanfed and lighted, and if common fewers or drains were made in fuch ftreets and other places in the faid city where the fame are neceffary : and whereas it will conduce to the laft mentioned purpofes, if the ordering, directing, and managing of the cleaning and lighting of the faid llreets and other places, and if the ordering, defig ning, and makiqg of all common fewers, drains, and vaults therein be put under the care of the fame directors and commiffioners, who (ball have the direction and management of the paving of the faid ftreets : be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafiiug of this act, all and every power and authority exercifed by any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, for the cleanfing and lighting the faid llreets aud other places in the faid city, (hall as to inch perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, ceafe and determine.

LXXV. And whereas h hath been propofed to the go- Governors vernors and guardians of the hospital for the relief of poor of lying-in lying-in women iu Dublin, founded by the late doctor Bar- ^ mdofin^^the tholomew Moffe, by the major part of the inhabitants of gar<kns, de-Granby-row, Palace-raw, and Cavendifh-row, forthwith to mand funn here-take down and remove the prefent wall inclofing the gardens in> of the faid hofpital, as far as may be neceffary for the pur-pofes intended, and to fubftitute in the Head thereof, a fecure and certain fence or railing of iron or metal caft, with lamps aI proj>er diftances thereon, and other improvements, as by a memorial figned by three-fourths of fuch inhabitants may appear 5 which memorial hath been approved of and agreed to by the governors and guardians of the faid holpital; and the faid work when compleated would tend to the health and ornament of the city of Dublin; and whereas the faid works require the authority of Parliament to carry the fame into execution: be it enacted,

That from and after the palling of this act, it (hall and may

Digitized by v^ooQle

424	7	'hetwenty-third and twenty-fourth Yean of George III..

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 57.

Application to rtCdcnts, guardian*, &c.

Not ahuve |1. 5s. per foot running nu-a-fure, on oath, &c.

be lawful to and for the governors and guardians of (aid hofpital, and their fucccffors, together with fix overfeersf as herein after directed, to demand and receive by them-felves, or by any perfon or perfons by them authorized and appointed as herein after directed, fuch fum or fums of money as are herein after fpecified; and in failure of payment thereof to enter in and upon all and each and every of the refpective holdings following; that is to fay, the houfe fouthward of the liable-lane in Granby-row, and northward, in Granby-row to the houfe of Paul Canning, efquire, including the fame ; and all and each and every the houfe and houfes in Palace-row, including the houfe of William Deane, efquire, and alfo all and each and every the houfe and houfes in Cavendilh-row, from the liable lane fouth of Charles Gordon efquire’s houfe, northward to the houfe of William Ponfonby, efquire, inclufive, and diftrain for fuch fum or fums, and fuch dillrefs to fell and diipofc of according to law, on the non-payment thereof.

LX XVI Provided always, That the faid governors and guardians, and overfeers, or any three or more of them, lhall within fourteen days from the palling of this prefent aft, apply perfonally to each and every the fcveral refident inhabitants in the laid dillrift already fet forth ; and in cafe any of faid tenements be held or occupied by tenants for any term not exceeding five years, from May enfuing, or tenants under minors, or occupiers with an eftate for life in faid concerns, that faid governors and overfeers lhall forthwith apply by writing to the feveral and refpeftive leffors, guardians, or remainders, to afeertain whether the faid feveral perfons £0 interefted, be inclined to accede to the terms herein after fpecihed, and that the feveral perfons fo con-fenting, may and lhall be for ever hereafter held and bound for thcmfelves, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, to and for all and lingular the conditions herein after fet forth ; and that all, and each, and every perfon . or perfons who {hall diflent from, or difapprove of the fame, that is to fay, of the expence to be incurred by the removal of faid prefent inclofure, and alfo fuch annual contribution as 4 aforefaid, lhall and may be for ever exempt from fuch payments or contributions; and that the prefent inclofure, opposite to the houfe of the perfon fo diflenting, do remain in its prefent mode, as if this aft had never been palTed.

LXXVII. Provided always, That the fum intended and appropriated, and forthwith to be railed for removing the prefent inclofure, and fubllituting a fence in manner already recited, lhall not exceed the fum of one pound five fail-lings per foot, running meafure, according to an admeasurement on oath to be made thereof; the one half of fuch

fum

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	425

fum or fums to become payable thirty-one days after the A. D. palling of this prefent ad; and the other half thereof, with- 1783-4-in one month after laid Work (hall by faid governors and Chap. 57. overfeers be certified to'be finiflied and compleated.

LXXVIII. Provided always, That fuch fum or fums to Not above be colleded annually according to ftich admeafurement, (hall not exceed the fum of one (hilling and eight pence three- c^aedhJf-farthings per foot, ninning meafure, to be colleded and yearly, become payable by half yearly payments; the firft payment thereof to be made on the firft day of November next enfu-ing, of which faid fum of one (hilling and eight pence three farthings per foot, eight pence per foot (hall be paid and payable to the governors, of faid hofpital, and their fucceftors and aftigns, for ever, amounting to a fum of fifty-one pounds eight ^hillings per annum, to be by them applied for the nfes and benefit of faid hofpital 5 and that the remainder of faid fum fo to be annually raifed, that is to fay, the fum of qne (hilling and three farthings by the foot, *or the grofs fiim'of ninety pounds twelve (hillings and eleven pence by the year,

(hall be for ever allotted U> the maintaining and lighting a fufficient number of lamps fuirounding faid inplofure, in fuch manner, and for fuch term as to the faid guftfrlians and overfeers (hall feem meet.	*	*

LXXIX. Provided always, That it (hall and may be ' Guardian* lawful forthe guardians of minors on behalf of their refpec- dec. may coo-tive w^ards, and alfo perfons holding pofteftions difputed at fcnt. law, to accede to fuch tax or fubfeription refpe&ively, and that the receipts of faid governors and overfeers, certifying the amount of fuch payments (hall be and beaome chargeable and a lien on fuch refpe&ive tenements againft all perfons whatfoever claiming right, title, or intereft. thereto, and until difeharged, or legally tendered into court, or otherwnfe be a bar to any entry, by procefa of law, or othenvife whatfoever into the fame.

LXXX. Provided always. That where any perfon or Yearly tenant,

perfons refident'within the limits preferibed by this a£* are r	.	.	r	r	1	rr	pornor.ment,

tenants by the year, or for a greater or lefter term, not [a|,cn m part

exceeding two years unexpired from the firlt day of May payment of rent, next, and (hall with permiflion of their refpe&ive immediate leflbrs, pay fuch apportionment of- fuch tax or taxes as aforefaid, that the receipt -of faid governors and overfeers (hall be received and (land good, and taken in part payment of fuch rent as (hall become next payable in bar of entry, diftiefs, or other procefs of law, for the recovery of the fame.

LX XX I. Provided always, That where any perfon or Where five perfons refident and confenting, (hall hold and enjoy any year? tmexpired, houfe or tenement, whereof the term of five years (hall be unexpired from the firft day of May next enfuing, that the immediate

one teffor.

Digitized by LjOOQ le

j^zG	The	twenty-third	and	twenty-fourth	Tean	of	George	III.

A. D.	one half of laid fum of one pound five (hillings fterling by

17^3*4*	the foot, be payable by laid tenant on his own proper be*

Chap* 57. half, and that be hereby authorized and unpowered to fet off, and charge the other half of laid expence agaiaft his refpe&ive immediate lcfTor in the year preceding the expiration of laid term, in manner aforefaid.

64. per foot LXXXII. Provided always, That laid governors and . lor watch. #verfeers may, if required, by four parts in five of laid ioha* bitaote, raifoi levy, and aflefs any film or films in manner u aforefaid, for the fupport and maintenance of a patrole and watchy for the fecurity of the neighbourhood and laid intended clofure, not exceeding the annual fum of fixpence by the foot, running meafure, as aforefiud; and that fnch parts of Cavendilh-row and Granby-row, as are not included in the diftrift as aforefaid, as alfo Gardiner Vrow, and Great 1 Gcorgc’s-lfireet, Temple-ftreet, Dorfet-ftrcet, or Drumcondra-lane, eaftward of Granby-row, Eccles-flrcet, and any neW buildings that may hereafter be ere&ed near or contiguous to the fame; and alfo that part of Great Britain-ftreet, oppofite to Granby-row, and the hofpital and the continuance of the lame to Summer-hill, may at all times on tjie payment of fiich rateable contributions by the loot as may be found aeceflary, not exceeding fixpence by the foot as aforefaid, and by afeertaining a continuance of the payment thereof, by the content of four parts in five of the inhabitant* of each ftreet refpe&ively, and liable to claufcs of diftrefs as aforefiud, be intitled to the guard and protection of fuch watch and patrole as aforefiud; and that the feveral perfons refident in the feveral (treets and houfes heretofore recited, agreeing to faid refpe&ive payments, (hall and may be held, and are hereby declared to be free from all and lingular the taxes, cefles, or impofitions heretofore or hereafter to be laid on for the purposes of watching the city of Dublin, or any part thereof.

LXXXIII. Provided always. That fuch governors,

. guardians, and overfeers, may appoint a treafurer within twenty-one.days after the palling of this aS, who (hall forthwith give fecurity by bond and warrant for double the fum that probably may be depofited in his hands; and (hall on the firft Monday in March annually, produce his fevtral accounts, with vouchers for payments, verified on oath, and fubmit the fame for infpe&ion to laid governors or overfeers, and alfo to every inhabitant within tins di-ftrift.

Seven houfes LXXXIV. Provided always. That no part or portion esempted, &c. Qf faid tax or taxes as aforefaid, (hall or may be levied or aflelTed on the feven houfes fouthvvard in Granby-row, that is to fay, the houfe and houfes now inhabited by miitrefs Me. Donnell, Stephen Wybrants, cfquire, the honourable

Milter

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-third and twenty-fourth Tears of George III.	427

MJfter barqn Metge, Nathaniel. Montgomery, efqujre,' A.* Dv Henry Fofter,* efquire,- and Miftrefs Tenifon,-uritfl fUch 1783*4* time as the building ndw ufed as a coffee-houfe, (hall be re-moved- or taken down, bat that* fuch feven houfes fhaU ro» main on their former footing, surif the foregoing claufes had had not beep inferted in this aft.

LXXXV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* Overfecr* 'I'hat William lord vifeount Enrtiflcillen, John lord vifeountnamc<*-£me, Andrew Caldwell, efquire, Crofton Vandeleur, tf-quire, Heftor Graham, efquire, and Thomas Burroughs, efquire, be appointed the overfeers, together with the guardians and truilees of faid hofpital, for conducing and in-fpefting the intended work of the change of inclofure ai' aforefaid, and alfo by and with the approbation and coiifent,' or at the requisition of four parts in five of the feveral inhabitants of the faid diftrift, to appoint, regulate, and controul faid intended patrole or watch, and to colleft and receive the feveral proportional aflefTments for the maintenance of the" fame, and to account on the firlt Monday in March as aforefaid, for the receipts thereof.

LXXXVfl, And be it further enafted by the authority a publick aft. aforefaid. That this aft (hall be deemed a publick aft, and lhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges and juftices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C H A LVIII.

An At7 to explain ari A {I paffed M the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of His prefent Majefty, entitled, An ASI for Badg-ing fuch Poor as Jhall he found unable to fupport themfelves by Labour, and othtrwife providing for them f and for refraining filch as Jhall he found able to fupport *hemfelves by Labour or Induftty from Begging, and to extend the Provifions thereof.

WHEREAS doubts have been conceived whether subferiberaby perfons who have fubferibed, or who (hall fubferibe 11 & 12 G. 3. c. for the charitable purpbfes in the faid aft mentioned, become 3°* members of members of the corporation erefted by the faid aft, without corP°raboii. an eleftion: to remove which doubts, be it declared and enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prtfent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fuch fubferibers, upon fub* feribing and paying the feveral fumg therein refpeftively mentioned, (hall immediately become members of the laid corporation without any eleftion thereto.

II.	And whereas the fums direfted by the faid aft to be , raifed upon the feveral counties, counties of titles and counties

428	The	twenty-fifth	Tear of George IN.

A. D. ties of towns refpedively in this kingdom have been found

1783-4. in many places infufficient for tbe charitable purpofes in-

tended : be it enacted by the authority aforefold, That when

Where fund* any member of any fuch corporation (hall make it appear to

infufficient, onc Qf t)lc ju(jges Gf	for fuch county, county of a cr*

riaodjtirrto ^	J&r	» irj r*-,

prefent loot	*Y* or coun*y a town, that the funds of fuch corpora-

additional.	tion are iufufficient for the purpofes of the faid ad, fuch

judge (hall examine upon oath into the date of the funds of fuch corporation j and if upon fuch examination fuch judge (hall find fuch funds infufficient to anfwer the purpofes of the faid ad, he (hall dirnd the grand jury of fuch county, county of a city, or county of a town, to prefent any fum, not exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds each, as he (hall think neceflary in addition to the funds provided by the faid ad, to be railed on fuch county, county of a city, or county of a town ; aid fuch grand jury are hereby required to prefent fuch fum as fuch judge (hall fo dired, and fuch fum (hall be raifed, levied, paid, and applied, as the other fums direded to bl paid by the (aid ad.

Tbe Twenty-fifth Year of GEORGE III. CHAP. X.

An Aft for explaining and amending an Aft for regulating Amended 3 a	the Corn Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a re-

G. 3. so. 4. gular and fteady Supply of Cofn in this Kingdom, and for granting to His Majefty, his Heirs and Succcjfbrs, the Dirties herein mentioned.

Miftake in corn aft, as herein.

XXTHERE AS by fome error or miftake in copying, or * T otherwise, the duties voted by the houfe of commons the laft feffions of Parliament on meal, malt, and flour, to be payable thereon at the time that high duties are payable on com and grain imported into this kingdom, were omitted in the faia ad, whereby the good intentions thereof, and the regulation of the • corn trade may be fniftrated : be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That whenever rye or meflin fhall be under the regulations in the faid ad contained, fubjed to a duty of ten (hillings a barrel on being imported into this kingdom, there (hall be paid for every ftone of rye or meflin meal which (hall be imported at fuch time, a duty of fix*pence; and whenever barley, here, or big, (hall in like manner be fubjed to a duty of ten (hillings a barrel on being imported into this kingdam, there (hall be paid for every ftone of barley, here, or big meal which (ball be imported at

Digitized by

Google



The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	429

fuch time, a duty of feven pence halfpenny; and when-	A. D,

ever wheat (hall in like manner be fubject to a duty of ten . 1783-4.

(hilliugs a barrel upon being imported into this kingdom, v——-V^-~'

there (hall be p lid for every (tone of wheat meal the fum of

fix pence ; and for every ftone of flour of wheat or bifeuit

which (hall be imported during fuch time, the fum of nine

pence ; and whenever oat# in like manner (hall be fubject

upon being imported into this kingdom to a duty of five

(hillings a barrel 5 there (hall be paid for every hundred

weight of oat meal which (ball be imported during fuch

time, a duty of five (hillings $ and whenever peas or beans in

like manner (hall be fubje& upo* being imported into this

kingdom to a duty of ten (hillings a barrel, there (hall be paid

for every ftone of peas or bean meal which (hall bq imported

during fnch time, a duty of fix pence.

II.	And whereas fome doubts havearifen about the mean- Medium ofi ing of the words, medium of the average prices contained in the average the faid a&, be it declared and eaa&ed, That by adding the prices, whole of the average prices together, and dividing the a-

mount by three, tjie quotient is the medium intended by the faid a<£L

III.	And be it further enafted, That upon ftriking the Allfradions faid medium, and alfo upon ftriking the average price of under £d. omit-each fort of grain in the city of Dublin, under the pro- tcd*

vifion in the (aid a£t, all fractions under a farthing, which may happen in fuch medium or average price, (hall be omitted.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed. That from and after the Average price paifing of this a&, the average price of barley (hall be (track of barley (truck for the purpofes in the faid a& mentioned, on the quantity as herein.

of barley or bere only, and no confide ration be had therein to the quantity or price of malt, any thing in the faid a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

CHAP. XII.

An A3 for granting the Sum of Four Thoufand Pounds to the Perfonsy and for the Purpofes therein mentioned, and'for continuing an A8 paffed in this Kingdom in the Third,Tear of His Majejly's Reign, entitled. An AEt for continuing the * Encouragement given by former A&s of Parliament to the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures.

III.	A ND whereas by an a& palled in this kingdom in By 3 Geo. c.

j£\, the third year of hi# prefent Majefty’s reign, en-'c. 12. an addi-titled, An aft for continuing the encouragement given by former	**

aQs of Parliament, to the flaxen and, hempen manufactures, an laid oncallicoes, additional duty of one (hilling and fix-pence per yard, laid &c. imported, •n all white painted and ftaiued callicoes, and all painted and except from

llained Great Bnuifl.

Digitized by booQle

43d	The	twenty-fifth Year of George III.

A. D. ftained muffins, except fuch callicocs and muffins as werepainted 1783-4.	andllained tn GreatBritain, and an additional doty offix pence

fer yard for every yard of any fort of linen except as afore-J<aid imported into this' kingdom, were continued from the end of the thenprefent feffion of Parliament, for twenty one [ years, and from thence to the end of the feffion of-Ptrln-ment then next enfuing ; and whereas the (aid recited act it near expiring, and it is neceffary for the fqpport and encouragement of the faid manufacture, that the faid duties ffiould be continued; for a further time ; 'be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid additional duties ihafl be, and they are hereby continued for the fpace of twenty one years from the twenty fifth day of March, one thooland (even hundred and eighty five, to be raifed, s levied, and paid under the Hke regulations for the fame purpofes, and fubject to the feveral rules, reftrictions, and rapedies, as are enacted and now in force, for or in refpect of the duties, payable on the faid feveral articles by virtue of the (aid recited law.

No fee to	' IV. And be it further ena&ed4 by the authority aforefaid,

vice-trcsfurers, That neither the fix pence per pound, nor any other fee (hall be payable to, nor deducted or received by the, vicc-treafurer or vice-treafureys, receiver or paymall cr-general, [ clerk of the pells, or^ any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for or on account of ^he ifiuing or payment of any fum or. fujns of money arifing by, or wljich (hall be received for or on account of the'aids hereby granted to hit Majefly, or of any ^payment to be t made in pursuance thereof.

C.H A P. XIII.

An M for the* better Encouragement of Yradoy by repaid* Amended 27 ing the Payment of Bountiest and exempting them firm 3.4*-	Fees.

WHEREAS the good intentions of the kgiflattnv in granting bounties, for the encouragement of tradf and manufactures may be fruftrated by deductions from the amount of the faid bounties for fees, and other perquifites to officers; be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, Feet on »c- and by the authority of the fame, That all fees whatsoever ^count of hpun- due or payable to any officer of the revenue, for or on account .hy*the coaled ^ requite to be performed, or payment to be made on * tor of the dif- account of any bounty upon fi!h, fifheries, fiffiing vcflcls, ^ aria.	* coals, corn, meal, malt, flour, , or biicuit, linen, lafficlcih,

filk

Digitized by L^ooQle

The twenty fifth Tear of George III.	4.31

filk manufafture, or manufafture mixed with filk, gunpowder, or any other article of the growth, produft, or manufafture of this kingdom, whether payable on tonnage, carriage, or export, (hall be defrayed by the colleftor of the diftrift where the fame fhall be payable out of any money in his hands, arifing from any duties appropriated to fuch bounties tefpeftively ; and if he fhall have none fucb in his hands, then out of any money in his hands arifing from any aids or duties granted to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-cefTors, and fhall be paid by him, either for his own fees or to the officers to whom the fame fhall be due, as the faid fees fhall be payable to him or them refpeftively, and all fuch payments fhall be allowed to every collector in his account.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any officer of his Majefty’s revenue, or any of- fhall de-ficer employed in infpefting, examining, paying, or other- ™°fa°contn wife managing or affifting in the payment or management of ry7ro thc

the faid bounties, or any requifites necefTary for the fame, of this aft, for-fhall demand, take, or receive any fees, gratuity, or re- fcit xo°l-ward, other than in manner aforefaid, for or on account of the fame, or fhall wilfully, or with a view to extort or receive any gratuity or reward, refufe, negleft, or delay to do ot execute any matter or thing, which in refpeft of his office he ought to do, or execute, concerning any fuch bounties, or any requifite for obtaining the fame, every fuch officer (hall, upon conviftion thereof, by in-diftment or information, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and be for ever after incapable of ferving his Majefty in any office concerning the revenue of cuftoms, exftfe, or any other duties which are, or fhall be payable to his Majefty, hi*3 heirs and fucceflors.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Commifli-faid, That thc commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, fhall oners to forma as foon as they conveniently can after the paffing of this aft, °* *cc* form, a table of the fees payable, or to be payable on account

of theieveral matters aforefaid refpeftively, and fuch fees as fhall be contained in the faid table, and no other, fhall be paid by any colleftor by virtue of this aft, for or in refpeft of the feverai matters aforefaid.

A. D. 1783-4. Chap. 13.

Any .Seer

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

43*

A. D.

1785.

Amended 3. G. 3. c. 23.

fthe twenty fifth Year of Cfeorge III.

,	/	CHAP.	XVIL

Aq AQ to prevent the P raft ice of /educing Artificers and nut ail avert of this Kingdom, and of exporting tbs fevered I ads and JJtenJils made Ufe of in preparing and working up the Manufattires thereof into Parts bryond the Seas•

Perfons who after 24th June, 1785, 1 outra& with, entice, or perfuade any manufacturer, to go to any countiy not in the dominions of G. Britain, forfci 50:4. and be impnluned for i% months;

and for every fubfequent offence rood, and he imprifoned a for % yean.

f T^/ HERE AS the praCtice of feducing artificers In the Vy manufactures of this kingdom, and of exporting the feveral tools and utenfils made u(e of In preparing and work-ing up the manufactures thereof, into partsrt>eyond the fcaS, has proved highly injurious to the feme : therefore for preventing the faid pernicious practices for the future, be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the' lords fpirituaT and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affemblea, and by the authority of the fame, That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, any perfon or perfons (hall contraCt with, entice, perfuade, or endeavour to perfuade, folicit, or feduce any manufacturer, workman, or artificer of or in linen, wool, mohair, cotton, or filk, or of or in any manufactures made up of linen, wool, mohair, cotton or filk, or any of the faid materials mixed one with another, or of or in iron, fteel, brafs, or any other metal, or clock-maker, watch-maker, or any other manufacturer, workman, or artificer of or in any other of the raauufa&ures of this kingdom, of what nature or kind foever, to ^o out of this kingdom into any foreign country', not within the dominions of or belonging to the crown of Great Britain, and (hall be lawfully convicted there-of, upon $iny indictment or information to be preferred or brought againft Kim, her, or them, in his Majefty’s court of King’%t>cnch at Dublin, or by indictment at the affixes or general gaol delivery for the county wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed, (hall for every artificer, workman, or manufacturer, fo by him, her, or them refpeCtrvely contraCfed with, enticed, per-fuaded, folicited, or fcduced, feveral]y forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of this kingdom, and (hall alfo fuffer imprifonment in the common gaol of the county wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall be refpe&ively convicted, for the fpace of twelve calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until fuch forfeiture (hall be paid; and in cafe of a further conviction in manner before prescribed by this act, for or upon a fccond or other fubfequent offence of the fame kind, the perfon or pet Tons fo again offending, (hall, upon every fecond or other fubfequent conviction, le-verally forfeit for every perfon fo by him, her, or them re-

%	fpeCtively

Digitized by Google

j

The twenty fifth Tear of George III.	433	,

fpectively contracted with, enticed, perfuaded, folicited, or feduced, the fum of one thoufand pounds of lawfid money of this kingdom, and (hall alfo fiiffer imprifonment in the common gaol of the county, wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall be refpectivcly convicted, for the fpace of two ye&rs, without bail or mainprize, and until fuch forfeiture (hall be paid*

II.	Provided neverthelefs, That no perfon (hall be profe-cuted for any of the offences aforefaid, unlefs fuch profecu-tion (hall be commenced within the fpace of twelve calendar months next after fuch offence (hall be committed.

III.	And whereas the exportation of the feveral tools or utenfils made ufe of in preparing, working up, and finifh-ing the linen, woollen, and filk manufactures, or any or either of them, will enable foreigners to work up fuch manufactures, and thereby greatly dimini(h the exportation of the fame from this kingdom : therefore, for prelerving as much as poflible to his Majetty’s fubjtctd in this kingdom the benefits arifmg from thofe great and valuable branches of trade and commerce; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid tw enty-fourth day of June, one thourand feven hundred and eighty-five, if any perfon boa^anj^veflel or perfens in this kingdom (hall, upon any pretence whatfo- not bouna to a ever, load or put on board, or caufe to be loaded or put on place belonging board, of any (hip, veffel, or boat, which (hall not be bound t?r.*n l^cf n directly to fome port or place in Ireland or Great Britain, Britain^any * or to fome other of the dominions of the crown of Great tools or utenfils Britain, any fuch tools or utenfils as are commonly ufed in, ufed in the

or are proper for the preparing, working up, or finifiiing	‘

of the linen, woollen or filk manufactures, or any or either ^ 200i/ of them, or any parts or parcels of fuch tools or utenfils, by what name or names fuch tools or utenfils (hall or may be called or known, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall for every fuch offence, not only forfeit and lofe all fuch tools and utenfils, or parts or parcels thereof which (hall be fo loaded, or put on board as aforefaid, but alfo the fum of two hundred pounds of lawful money of this kingdom, to be fued for and recovered in manner as is herein after mentioned ; and in cafe fuch tools or utenfils (hall be loaded or put on board of any (hip, veffel, or boat which (hall be bound to any port or place in Ireland or Great Britain, or to fome other of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, then, and in every fuch cafe, the matter or commander of every fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, (hall give feewrity by bond, in the penalty of one thoufand pounds conditioned for the landing of fuch tools or utenfils at the port or place for which fuch (hip, boat, or veffel (hall be bound as aforefaid ; which faid fecurity the colle&or, or other chief officer of the revenue at the port or place iu this kingdom, from which fuch (hip,

Vox.. VII.	E e	boat,

Profccution to commence within 12 months after the offence.

Perfons

At

Digitized by v^ooQie

*34

Officers empowered to feize all fuch tools or otenfilt, when fuch are feized, they dull be ft la, Sate.

- tfiptain knowingly permitting fuch tool*; to be put On board forfeit lool. &c. as herein.

The twenty-fifth Tenr of George HI.

boat, or veflel (ball (ail, is hereby required to take from every fuch matter or commander as aforefaid; and fuch cot le&or or other chief officer as aforefaid, (hall give a certificate to every fuch matter or commander, Stating that fuch fecurity has been given by him as aforefaid; add wry (hip, boat, or veffcl which (hall have on board any fuch took or utcnfils before fuch fecurity and certificate refpeditdy given aa aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, with all her guns, am* munition and apparel.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-(aid, That from and after the (aid twenty-fourth day of Juik, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer of his Majefty’s cuttoma or excife in this kingdoiri to feize and fecure in Come or one of his Majcfty’e wareboufes all fuch tools or utenfils by this ad prohibited to be exported, as fuch officer (hall find ordif cover to be laid, or put on board of any (hip, veffel, or boat which (hall not be bound dirc&ly to fome port or place in Great Britain, or this kingdom, or to fome other of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain ; and that every officer who (hall feize and fecure any of the faid tools or utenfils, (hall t^e fully and absolutely indemnified for fo doing, and all tools or utenfils fb feized and fccured as aforefaid, (hall after condemnation thereof be publickly fold to the beft bidder, and one moiety of the produce arifing by the (ale of fuch tools and utenfils, (hall be to the ufe of his Ntyd-ty, bis heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to the officer who (hall feize and fecure the fame as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, if the captain or Hotter of any (hip, vefTel, or boat in this kingdom, (hall knowingly permit any of the faid tools or utenfils, by this ad prohibited, to be exported as aforefaid, to be put on board bis (aid (hip, veffel or boat, every fuch captain or matter (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ok hundred pounds of lawful money of this kingdom, to be fued for, and recovered in fuch manner as is herein after directed; and if the faid (hip, veffel, or boat belongs to hi) Majefly, his heirs or fucceifors, then the captain or maf-tcr thereof (hall not only forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful money of this kingdom, to be fued for and recovered as aforefaid, but (hall alfo forfeit his employment, and be incapable of any office cr employment under his Majdly, his heirs or fuccefTors.

v I. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any cuilomer, comptroller, (surveyor, fearchcr, waitrr, or other officer of the cuitoras, or any other officer of the

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

^revenue in this kingdom, (hall take, or knowingly or willingly fuffer to be taken, any entry outward, or fhall fign any cocket, warrant, or fufferance for the (hipping, or exporting of any t>f the faid tools or u ten fils by this oft prohibited to be exported, or fhall knowingly or willirfgly permit, or fuffer the fame to be done, dircftly or indirectly, an^em!^ contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, every outward, Tr fign fuch cuftomer, comptroller, furveyor, fearcher, waiter, or any cnckct, *c. other officer of the cufloms, or officer of the revenue in this forfeit tool and kingdom, fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred bc dliab’cd pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be fued for, and recovered as aforefaid, and fhall aifo forfeit his office, and be incapable of any office or employment under his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceffors.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Qne mo^ty ,

faid. That one moiety of the refpeftive forfeitures, by this of forfeitures to aft inflifted upon offenders againft the fame, fhall, when re- his Majefty, the covered, go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his	e	pro“

heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the ufe of the

perfon or perfons who fhall fue and profecute for the fame re-fpeftively.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Suits for aa-

(aid, That if any fuit or aftion fhall be commenced againft ing in purfuance any perfon, for what he fhall do in purfuance of this aft,	bc	in

fuch aftion fhall be commenced within fix months alter the

faft committed, and the perfon fo fued may file a common bail, or enter a common appearance, and plead the general iffue, not guilty, and may give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence, and if the plaintiff or profecutor fhall become non fuit, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdift pafs againft him, or if upon demurrer, judgment be given againft him, the defendant fhall recover treble cofts.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Penalties and That the fevpral penalties and forfeitures inflifted by this aft, forfeitures (hall not herein before otherwise provided for, fhall be recovered he recovered, by fuch wayB, means, and methods, and by fuch rules and a.V s** direftions as are appointed, direfted, and expreffed, in and

by an aft made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An aS fot the fettling of the excife and new impojl up-an h'u Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, according to the book of rates therein inferted, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party grieved, as in and by the faid aft is provided.

E e 2

CHAP.

_____*

Goofll

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

CHAP. XIX.

An A Si for granting to His Majefiy, His Heirs and Suceeffirs^ certain Duties and Rates upon tie Portage and Conveyiuee of all Letters and Packets nx.it hi n this Kingdom ; and for explaining and amending an Ad pafjed in the Twenty-third and 7nveny-fourth I ears of His Majefty*s Reign, entitled. An Ad for efiabiijhing a P oft-Office within this Kingdom.

Provifo in 23 XII. A ND whereas by a provifo in the faid recited aft, A 24 c;. 5. c. 17.	of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of

‘ 10’	his Majcfty’s reign, entitled, An ad for ejla'Pifhing a poj-

office within this kingdom, it is provided and enacted, That iu caie any perfon, entitled to fend letters or packets free from the duty of poftage, being by bodily infirmity, disabled from writing the whole fuperfeription, endorfement, and date of fuch letters or packets, fhall choofe to authorize and appoint fome one perfon, on his behalf, and in his Head, to iign his name upon, and write the whole fuperfeription and date of, and upon fuch letters and packets, and (hall caufe notice thereof hi writing, under his hand and feal, to be transmitted to the poit-mafter general of this kingdom, all letters and packets, ligned, fuperferibed, and dated as aforefaid by the perfon fo authorized and appointed, fhall be allowed to pafs equally free of the duty of poftage, and fhall in all refpects be confidered as if the wliole fn-perfeription, fignature, and date, had been of the hand-writing of the perfon by whom fuch authority was given : provided always, that no letter or packet, figned, fuperferibed, and dated under the hand-writing of fuch member, ftiall pafs free of poftage, until fuch member fhall, by order under his r band and feal, revoke fuch notice: and whereas the faid proviso has been found to be inconvenient, and that many frauds aqd abufes may be practifcd, under the powers thereby ' given, to the great injury of the revenue of the poll-office: be it enacted, That from and after the pafting of this act, tile faid recited provifo, and all and every matter and thing therein contained be, and the fame are hereby abfolutely repealed.

ClauTe in a& XIX. And whereas by a claufe in the faid recited act of 1% St 74 r; 3. the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Ma-c. 17.1. 28. jelly’s reign, entitled, An ad for ejiahlijhing a pojl-office within this kin dom, it is enacted, That for the better difeover-ir.g and bringing to juftice perfons who may be guilty of forging or counterfeiting the hand writing of any member of Parliament, or other perfon a Cling in purfuance of the faid aft, in the fuperi’eriptiort of letters and packets to be fent by the poll, it (hall and may be lawful to and for his

Majcfty’s

4

*«.*

2

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of Georgy III.

Majefty’s poftmafler general, and his deputies and officers, to fend any letter or packet, the fuperfci iption whereof, or any part of it (hall appear to be forged or counterfeited, or the date upon fuch fuperfcription forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to»evade the payment of the duty of poll-age to the member or other perfon whole name or fuper-fcription is fufpe&ed to be forged, counterfeited or altered, in order that he may declare whether the fame is forged, counterfeited, or altered ; and that if the member or other perfon fhall declare the fuperfeription to be forged, or the date thereof to be altered, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch poflmafter general, and his deputies and officers, to open, flop, and detain fuch letter or packet in order to find out the perfon guilty of fuch,offence: and whereas the execution of faid lafl recited claufe may be attended with delay and inconvenience to the publick ; be it enacted, 'I'llat the faid recited claufe and every matter and thing therein contained be, and the fame are hereby abfolutely repealed.

CHAP. XXL

jin Aft to explain and amend the feveral Ads made in this Kingdom to encourage the building of Houfest and making other Improvementj on Church-fandsy and to prevent Dilapidations.

WHEREAS a doubt has been conceived concerning A doubt ha* the conflru&ion of the faid aCls, whether any arch- !>cen conceived hifhop can legally grant a certificate to any bifhop, or any bifhop to any other ecclefiaftical perfon, of the fums by ^rant acertifi-him expended in part execution of the works propolcd in cite ro a bifhop, the memorial of fuch hifhop or other ecclefiaflical perfon, wr a (the completion of fuch works not having been prevented by death or removal) fo as to entitle fuch hifhop or other &c. as herein, ecclefiaftical perfon, or the executors or adminillrators of fuch bifhop or other ecclefiaftical perfon, to recover from the fucceflbr of fuch bifhop or other ccclelinilical perfon the fums or fuch proportions of the fums fo expended as by law could be recovered, were fuch doubt removed ; to remove faid doubt, be it declared and enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefiry, by and with the advice and confcnt of the loids fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament a firm bled, and by the authority of the fame.

That fuch certificate is, and fhall be, deemed and taken to	•

be as good and effe&ual in the law, as if the whole plan propolcd in fuch memorial had been compleated before the granting of fuch certificate.

4	II.	And

$

#

William late biiliop of Lime-nek, hid a me-inorial before Michael late aifhbifhop of Laiiicl, felting forth his intcti-t ' ll to erect a manfion houfe, &t.. as herein.

The tiventyfifth Tear of George III.

II.	And whereas William late lord bifhop of Limerick* Ardfert, and Aghadoe deceafed, did in purfuance of the (aid ads, lay a memorial before Michael late lord archbifhop of Cafhel deceafed, bearing date the eighth day of Anguft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-fbur, fetting forth his intention to ered a manfion-houfe and offices, and make other improvements for him, and his fucceffors, on part of his menfal lands, called Conigar: and whereas the laid arch-bifhop did approve of the faid memorial under his archiepif-copal feal: and whereas the faid bifhop afterwards ereded fomc offices upon the faid lands, and partly indofed a garden, and made fome other improvements thereon, but did not build a manfion-houfe thereon purfuant to the faid memorial : and whereas the faid bifhop afterwards petitioned the faid Michael lord archbifhop of Cafhel, to certify the fums by him alledged to have been expended in the (aid buildings and improvements, in order that he might be entitled to receive a proportion of fuch fums from his fuccef-for: and whereas the faid archbifhop being willing to com-* ply with the prayer of the faid petition, did on the twenty-fourth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feven-ty-feven, grant a commiffion to certain commiffioners therein named, empowering them to enquire into the fum fo expended by the faid bifhop: and whereas the faid commiffioners, by an inftrument in writing, under their hands and feals, bearing date the twenty-feventh day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, returned, that the faid bifhop had ereded upon the laid lands, a range of offices, and made other improvements, all of which are particularly fpccified and valued in the laid return, amounting in the whole to the fum of one thoufand five hundred and twenty two pounds five fhillings and fix pence: and whereas the faid archbifhop, did by his certificate under his archiepifcopal feal, bearing date the fixth of Qdober, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-feven, confent and agree, that the fum of one thoufand one hundred and forty-one pounds fourteen fhillings and one penny halfpenny, being three fourths of the faid fum of one thoufand five hundred and twenty two pounds five fhillings and fix pence, fhould be paid by the next and immediate fucceffor of the laid bifhop ; and whereas there is reafon to doubt whether feveral of the articles comprized in the faid return, are fuch as ought to be charged to the fucceffors of the faid bifhop a-greeable to the intention of the faid ads, and whether there are not other defeds in the faid proceedings: and whereas William Cecil, prefent bifhop of Limerick, Ardfert, and Aghadoe, is defirous to avoid all controverfy with the exe* cutors of the, faid late bifhop, and is willing to pay them the laid fum of one thoufand one hundred and forty one pounds

fourteen



More con vc*

was near the cathedra}, Sec.

The tnventy-fifth Tear of George III.

fourteen /hillings and one penny halfpenny, provided all doubts be removed touching the recovery of two thirds of the faid fum, from his next and immediate fucceflbr, by him, his executors or adminiftrators; be it therefore cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid William Cecil, lord bifhop of Limerick, (hall pay to the executors of the faid William late bifhop of Limerick, immediately after the palling of this a&i the faid fum of one thoufand one hundred and forty one pounds fourteen (hillings and one penny halfpenny • and that the faid William Cecil, his executors or adminiftrators (hall receive from his next and immediate fuc-ceffor, two thirds of the faid fum, which fucceflbr (hall receive one third of the faid fum from his immediate fucceflor, all which fums (hall be paid and lecovered within the times, and in the manner appointed by the faid a&s.

III.	And whereas it would be more convenient to the faid William Cecil lord bifhop of Limerick, and his fucceflors, nient if the that the manfion-houfe for the faid fee (hould be fituated man('lon houfe near the cathedral church of the faid fee than on the faid lands of Conigar: and whereas a pew large dwelling-houfe with offices and garden, in every refpedt iuitable to the re-lidence of a bifhop, has been lately ere&ed by the right honourable Edmond Sexton Pery, at a very confiderable expence, near the river Shannon, in that part of the fuburbs of the city of Limerick which is called Newtown, and at a fmall diftance from the cathedral church { and whereas the faid Edmond Sexton Pery has propofed to convey to the faid William Cecil lord bifhop of Limerick, and his fuccef-fors, the faid houfe and premiflea in coniideration of the fum of three thoufand three hundred pounds: and whereas the laid William Cecil is willing to agree to the faid propofal, provided that the faid houfe be declared the manfion-houfe for the faid fee, and that he, his executors or adminiftrators, be entitled to receive from his next and immediate fucceflor, three-fourths of the faid fum of three thoufand three hundred pounds; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as the faid Edmond Sexton Pery (hall have conveyed to the faid William Cecil lord bilhop of Limerick, Ardfert, and Aghadoe, and his fucceflors, the faid houfe and premifles upon the terms aforefaid, the fame*

(hall be for the habitation and relldcnce of the faid bifhop, and his fucceflors, for ever thenceforth to be part of their demefne or menfal land, unalienable, and not to be let or difpofed of to any other ufe whatfoever, and three-fourths of the faid purchafe money (hall be repaid to the faid William Cecil, his executors or adminiftrators, by his next and immediate fucceflor; and fuch fucceflbr having paid three-fourths of the faid fum, his executors and adminiftrators (hall -eive two-thirds of the faid fum from his next fucceflbr, i	which

44°

The twenty-fifth Tear ef George 111.

A. D.

17*5-

Clup. 21.

Such conveyance to he entered in the regif-try of the fee of Caihcl and Limerick, See.

A ^ot of ground upon which it was ntended to ere d a fee--ho life.

The purchafe

money ihall be deduced oct of feid 5 jod.

A pubUck ad.

which next fucceflor having paid the faid two-thirds, his executors or adminiftrators (hall receive from his next fuccef-for, one other third, that is, one-fourth of the (aid fum of three thoufand three hundred pounds, all which fums Hull be paid and recovered within the times and in the manner appointed by the faid acts.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch conveyance fhall be entered in the regiitry of the fee of Cafi*el, and alfo of Limerick, and one part thereof (hall be depofited in the regiftry of the fee of Caftiel, and one other part thereof (hall be depofited in the regiftry of the fee of Limerick.

V.	And whereas there is a fmall lot of ground belonging to the faid fee of Limerick, which adjoins to the churchyard of St. Munchiu’s in the faid city, upon w hich it was formerly intended to ered a fee-houfe, but upon further examination it was found that the fame was too contradcd, and not fit for the purpofe, and therefore the defign was laid alide: and whereas the faid ground has been wafte for feveral years; and wherea? it would leften the charge upon the faid William Cecil lord biftiop of Limerick and his fac-cefTors, if the faid lot of ground were fold for what can be got for the fame, and the purchafe money applied iu part rtdudion of the faid fum of three thoufand three hundred pounds; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, for the purpofe aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid William Cecil lprd biftiop of Limerick, to fell the faid lot of ground for the higlieft price he can get for the fame, and to convey the fame to the perfon or perfons who ihall puichafe the fame, and fuch conveyance (hall be good and effectual in the law, again ft the faid William Cecil lord biftiop of Limerick, and his fucceflors.

VL And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the purchafe money for the fame (hall be deduced out of the faid fum of three thoufand three hundred pounds, and the refidue thereof (hall be charged and recovered iu the proportions and in the manner herein before directed, as to the faid fum of three thoufand three hundred pounds.

VII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this ad ihall pafs apd be deemed and taken as a publi^k ad,

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III. CHAP. XXXI.

44*

A i Aft to take away the Challenge to the Array of Paneh of Jurors for IVcmt of a Knight on Trials, in which a Peer or Lord of Parliament is a Party.

A. D. i7*5- f

WHEREAS great delays do frequently happen in trials, in which peers 01 lords of Parliament are parties, by reafon of challenges to the arrays of panels of jurors for want of a knight b ing returned in fuch panels: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's mod excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritunl and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Trinity term, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-hve, no challenge (hall be taken to any panel of jit* rors for want of a knight being returned in fuch panel, and that no array (hall be quafhed, or any advantage had by reafon of any fuch challenge taken after that time, any law or ufage to the contrary notwithilanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this aft fhall be in force for five years, from the fird day of Trinity teem next, and to the end of the next fefijon of Parliament, ^nd no longer.

CHAP. XXXIII.

From i ft day of Trinity term, i'■8s. no challenge Hall be taken to any panel of jurort, iorwantof a kni<;ht ! ting retur ed, nor no array.

This ait in force to 1*7^0,

&c.

P. 4 0. 3. t* 4*

An Act to repeal an Aft made in the Thirteenth Tear of His late Viajfh King George the Second, entitled, Ai A t for repairing the Road leading from the Ttrwn of A'cnavb, in the County of 'Upperary, through the towns rf lUrr c.nd Firbane, in the King's County, to Cm rauaboy Bridge, on the Turnpike Road leading to Athloic, in the County op' il cf-mcath; and alfo an Aft made in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years oj His pr fnt Majejiy, entitled, At A t for amend. ;.g and making more cjfcftual an Aft fir repair:ng the Road hading from the Town of Ay tagh, nf the Csunry of Tipperary, through the Towns of Birr and Firbane, in the King's County, to Ctrranaboy Bridge, on the Turnpike Rea l hading to *hlo(t:, in the County of ITtlrnea’b, and alfo for oiler Purp'fs therein mentioned.

\ ^/HEREAS the faid two recited afts have been found ^ v iufidiieient for the purposes for which thev were cn-afted, be it therefore enacted by the King’s moi’r excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and commons in this prefer:: Parliament

jf^iritual and

temporal,

Ncnaph turn-

yike road ad of I y G. 2. C- lk 5* 1 y & 20 G v L. 47- repealed.



44*

A. D. •	i7«5-

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

meat aflerabled, and by the authority of the liune, That the hud two feveral ads, and every matter and thing therein contained, (hall from henceforth be null and void.

CHAP. XXXIV.

Amended 26

O. 3. c. 21.

28 G. 3-c- 34.

31	G. 3. c. 16.

32	G. 3.C. 17.

33	G. 3.C. 37. 35G.3.C.41-

An Ad for continuing and amending/enteral Laws relating to His Majejty's Revenue, and for the more ejfeduallj preventing of Frauds therein.

WHEREAS the laws heretofore made, and now in farce, to prevent the dandeiline importation and runnmg of prohibited goods, and goods liable to the payment of duties into this kingdom, have not been fuffident to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended, thofe pernicious pradices having of late been greatly increafed, and carried on by large armed veflels at Tea, and by numerous gangs of fmugglers by land, with great violence, in defiance of thofe laws, to the great lofs and prejudice of the publick revenue, the detriment of the fair trader, and the endangering of the lives of the officers of the revenue, ading in the due execution of their duty, and it is become highly necef-fary and expedient that fome further provifion fhould be made more effedually to prevent thofe definitive and grow* ing evils: and whereas the feveral laws made in this kingdom refpe&ing the hovering of fhips, veffels and boats within three leagues of the fhore thereof, have been {bund in* fuffident for the purpofes thereby intended: for remedy thereof, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the paffing of this ad, every (hip, boat, or veiTel, which (hall be found at anchor, or lyipg to, or hovering within four leagues of the fhore of this kingdom, or (hall be dilcovered fo to have been, having on board any goods whatfoever, liable to forfeiture by any ad of Parliament, upon importation into this kingdom ; alfo all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and alfo any goods or merchandize found on board, or which (hall have been laoded in this kingdom from on board fuch fhip, veflel, or boat, (hall be forfeited and loft in like manner as any (hip, veflel, or boat, and as any goods and merchandize are now liable to forfeiture on account of fuch fhip, veflel, or boat being found at anchor, lying to, or hovering within three leagues of the fhore of this kingdom, or difeovered fo to have been, any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And

The iwentyffih Tear of George III.

443

From id day

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That all veffels called cutters, luggers, (hallops, or wherries, of what built foever, belonging in the whole, or in part to any of his Majefty’s fubje&s, and all vefTels belonging as aforefaid, of any other description, whofe bottoms are clench work, unlefs they (hall be fquare rigged, or fitted as vcfeU crf^bc Hoops with (landing bolt-fprits; and all veffels belonging as defcription aforefaid, the length of which (hall be greater than in the herein mention-proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth; cd> wkhia and all (hips and veffels belonging as aforefaid, armed for re- {J^ej^aSer fiftance otherwise than as is herein after excepted, which (hall fljau bc for-* from and after the firft day of Auguft next, be found with- feited, &c.

in the limits or diftance herein after described, (hall be forfeited, together with all the goods (if any) which (hall be laden therein, and all her guns, tackle, ammunition, and furniture.

III.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained. Two four

(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any (hip pounder* al-or veffel from having on board two carriage guns of calibre, "*** “B not exceeding four pounds, and fmall arms not exceeding muflcet*fortW° two mufkets for every ten men.	every ten mem

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the au- Nothing in

thority aforefaid, That nothing in this aft (hall extend, or this aa (hill ex-be conftrued to extend to any fhip or veffel on a voyage from J,end to any vef-any part of America, or the Eaft or Weft Indies, or Africa,	men~

or the Mediterranean, fo as to fubjeft the fame to forfeiture

for or on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any fhip or veffel in the fervice of his Majefty’s navy, vi&ualling, ordnance, cuftoms, excife, or poft office, for or on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any veffel whatfoever, the owner of which (hall have a licenfe, as herein after de-feribed and dire&ed for navigating the fame, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the admiralty for the time being, or from the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue in this kingdom, or any perfon authorized by them, to grant the fame for or on account of her built, or for having on board fuch arms or ammunition as (he (hall or may be'licenfed to have, as herein after mentioned, nor to any lighters or barges, ufed folely in rivers or inland navigation, nor to any (hips or veffels which (hall have on board any arms or ammunition, which (hall have been regularly entered and cleared at any cuftom-houfe, in any of his Majefty’s dominions, as merchandize, or for the ufe of his Majefty’s (lores or garrifons, and are regularly flowed in the hold of fuch veffels, or are put on board for the neceffary ufe &nd defence of fuch veffels, by licenfe from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the admiralty for the time being, or by the commiffioners .

4U

The twenty fifth Tear of George III.

A. D.

1785. Chap. 34.

No fee for li-ccnfc granted in purfuance of this aft, &c.

The licenfc to be brought to the collector, before the veffel fails, in order to be regiftcred, Ac. as herein.

What the li-«enfe is to contain, See. as herein.

miffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any perfon authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of fuch arms and ammunition, any thing lierein before contained to tbe contrary uotwithftanding.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That no fee, gratuity, or reward (hall be demanded or received for any licence granted in purfuance, or under the authority of this ad, or for regillering the fame.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the owner of every (hip or veflid which (hall be licenfed as herein before mentioned (hall, before fuch (hip or veflel proceeds to fea, or fails oat of any port, haibour, or creek in this kingdom, bring fuch licendc, or caufe the fame to be b. ought to the colledor, or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue, for the port, harbour, or creek, from which fuch (hip or veflel is about to fail, which faid colledor, or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue, is hereby required duly to regifter the fame, and every fuch owner (hall alfo produce the lame to the colledor or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue of any and every port, harbour, and creek, at which he (hall arrive.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afure-faid, That each and every' licenfc (hall fpecify the tonnage of fuch (hip or veflel, and deferibe whether (he is a cutter, lugger, (hallop, or wherry, and what fort of built fhe is, and who is or arc the owner or owners thereof, and for what port, harbour, or creek, (lie is about to fail, and what quantity and number, and what fort of arms and ammunition (he is licenfed to take and have on board, and the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel (hall alfo give fuffipient fecurity by bond to his Mujeily, his heirs and fucceflors in double the value of fuch Hi ip or veflel, to be approved of by and to the fatisfadion of fuch collector or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revenue, with condition that the faid (hip or vcf-fel (hall not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea or foreign fpirituous liquors, or any goods now prohibited, or hereafter to be prohibited, or any other goods contrary to the true intent and meaning of this or any ether ad of force in this kingdom, or hereafter to be enaded, or in the exportation of any goods which are, or from time to time may be prohibited to be exported from this kingdom, or in the relanding of any goods whatfoever contrary to law, which are entered outwards for exportation for any drawback or bounty, or which are or may be prohibited to be iifed or worn in this kingdom, on failure whereof, or any part whereof fuch licenfe (hall he void, and of no foice or CiTed, and inch (h:p or vcffel (ball be liable to feizure and

. profecutioa



Digitized by

Google

7 he twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

profecution in the fame manner as if no fuch licenfe had been granted.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by. the authority afore-faid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and. eighty-five, if any perfon or perfons upon the (bore, or on board any fhip, veffel, or boat (hall malicioufly (hoot at or upon any (hip, veffel, or jiViodly fhooTat boat belonging to his Majefty’s navy, or in the ftrvice of any vend be-the cuftom8 or excife within the limits of any port, harbour losing to his or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues from any	a^ialTfuffer*

part of the coaft thereof; or if any perfon or perfons being death.

‘ on (hore, or on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, (hall malicioufly (hoot at, maim, or wound any officer or officers of his Majefty’s navy, or of the cuftoms or excife, whether attempting to go on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, or otherwife aCting in the due execution of his or their duty on (hore, or wjjb-in the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues of any part of the coaft thereof, or (hall malicioufly (hoot at, maim, or wound any perfon or perfons aiding or afiifting fuch officer or officers in the execution of his or their duty as aforefaid, then every perfon fo offending, and all and every perfon being aiding, abetting, or afiifting therein, (hall, being thereof lawfully convicted, be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

IX.	And for the more eafy and fpeedy bringing the of- The manner fenders againft this aCt to juftice, be it enabled by the au- of bringing thority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be perfons deemed charged with being guilty of any of the offences aforefaid made felony by this act, before any one or more of his Ma-jelly’s juftices of the peace, or hefore one of his Majeity’s juftices of the court of King’s-bench, if the offence be committed in this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, by information of one or more credible perfon or perfons upon oath, by him or them to be fubferibed, and (hall be indicted for the fame in the county where the offence (hall have been committed, if committed within the body of any county, or in any county in this kingdom; if the offence (hall liavc been committed at fea, and within four leagues of the coaft thereof, the clerk of the crown where fuch indictment (hall be found, (hall return fuch indictment and information to the clerk of his Majefty’s moll honourable privy council in this kingdom, or his deputy or deputies, who is and arc hereby required to lay the fame as foou as conveniently may be, before the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors'of this kingdom for the time being, and the privy council of this kingdom, whereupon it (hall ami

may

From 24June 1785, if any



Digitized by v^ooQle

446	The t&entyjlftb Tear of George III.

-A. D.	may be lawful for the (aid lord lieutenant or other chief go*

1785.	vernor or chief governors to make his or their order in the

Chap. 34. faid privy Council, thereby requiring and commanding fnch offender or offenders to furrender him or themfelvcs within the fpace of forty days after the firft publication thereof in the Dublin Gazette, to the lord chief juftice, or any other of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of KingVbench, or to any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, if the offence be committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, who is hereby required upon fuch offender or of* fenders furrendering him or themfelves, to commit him or them without bail or mainprize to the county gaol, or to the gaol or prifon of the place where he or they (hall fo fur-render, to the end that he or they may be forth-coming to anfwer the offence or offences wherewith he or they mall •	ttaxri charged, according to due courfe of law, which order

the laid clerk of his Majefty’s privy council or his deputy or deputies (hall caufe to be forthwith printed and publilhed in two fucceffive Dublin Gazettes, and to be forthwith tranfmitted to the fheriff of the county where the offence (hall be committed, if the fame (hall be committed in any county; and if the offence (hall not be committed within any county but within the limits of any port as afbrefaid, or within four leagues of the coafts of any part of this kingdom, to be tranfmitted to the fheriff of any county in this kingdom, near to the place where fuch offence (hall be committed, which fheriff (hall within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, caufe the fame to be proclaimed between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, in the market places upon the refpeftive market days of the two market towns in the fame county in which or near to the place where fuch offence (hall have been committed, and a true copy of fuch order (hall be affixed upon fome publick place in fuch market towns: and in cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not furrender himfelf or theififelves purfuant to fuch order of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be made in council as afore(aid,'he or they fo neglefting or refufmg to furrender him or themfelves as aforelaid, or ef-caping after fuch furrender, (hall from the day appointed for his or their furrender as aforefaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of felony, and (hall fuffer pains of death as in cafes of a perfon convifted and attainted by verdift and judgment of felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence be charged to have been committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof; a1*1 that it (hall be lawful to and for the court of King V

bench

Digitize

’8[e

*

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	447

bench, or the juftices of Oyer and Terminer or general A. D. gaol delivery for the county or place where fuch pcrfon (hall 1785. be, to award execution again ft fuch offender or offenders. Chap. 34. in fuch manuer as if he or they had been convi&ed and at-tainted in the faid court of King’s-bench, or before fuch juftices of Oyer and Terminer or general gaol delivery refpec-tively, if the offence be charged to have been committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That it fhaQ Perfons fo and may be lawful to and for any pcrfon fo neglecting or re- Anting to f»r-fufing to furrender himfelf or herfelf as aforefaid, to plead ore tenus in arreft of fuch execution, that fuch perfon was at the Tenus. time of iffuing fuch proclamation, and continuing to be until the expiration of fuch forty days as aforefaid, out of this kingdom, and thereupon a jury (hall be impannelied to try and determine fuch plea; and if fuch plea (hall be found for the prifoner, then and in fuch cafe, he or (he (hall anfwer fuch offence wherewith he or (he (hall ftand charged as aforefaid, in like manner as if he or (he had furrendered himfelf or herfelf in due time after fuch proclamation as afore-faid.

.XI. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That every fuch plea (hall contain an averment that fuch perfon did not fly for	0

the faid offence.	offence.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons who all and every perfon and perfons who (hall after the time ap- harbour, &c. pointed as aforefaid for the furrender of any perfon or per- ('a«h offenders, fons fo charged upon oath with any of the offences aforefaid, °&c fhall be expired, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or fuc-

cour fuch perfon or perfons, knowing him or them to have been fo charged as aforefaid, and to have been required to furrender him or themfelves by fuch order or orders, as aforefaid, and not to have furrendered purfuant to fuch br-der or orders, being profecuted for the fame, within one year after the offence committed, and lawfully convi&ed thereof, *

{hall be guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported as a felon or felons for the fpace of feven years, in the fame manner as felons are or (hall be appointed to be tranfported by virtue of any a& or a&s already made or hereafter to be made touching the tranfportation of felons; and if any fuch offender or offenders (hall be found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the faid term, without lawful caufe, he, (he, or they (hall fuffer death as felons, and have execution awarded againff him, her, or them as perfons attainted of felony without benefit of clergy.

XIII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, Migiffratcs That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to prevent or

hinder as ufual, &c.

/

Digitized by v^ooQle

OppoGng any nffictr of the luvy or revenue, t jufticc nay commit fuch per Ion to gaoi» &C.

Offcnce* committed as herein, ftiaJl be tried before any court of Oyer and Terminer.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George TIT.

hinder any judge, jallice of the peace, magillrate, officer, or minifter of Juftice whatfoever from taking, apprehending, and fecuring fuch offender or offenders, hr requiring w.'iofe furrender fuch order in council (hull be made as aforc-fiiid by the ordinary courfe of law 5 and in cafe fuch offender or offenders for requiring whofe furrender fuch order in council (hall be made as aforefaid, fhali be taken and feeured in order to be brought to juflice before the time fliall be expired within which he or they (hall be required to furrender him or themfelves by fuch order in council as aforefaid, that then and in fuch calc no further proceeding (hall be had upon fuch order made in council againft him or them fo taken and fecured as aforefaid, but he or they (hall be brought to trial by due courfe of law, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft, onethou-fand feven hundred and eighty five, if any officer or officers of his Majdly’s navy, or in the fervice of the cutloms or ex* eife bcin^ on (bore, or going on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any (hip, boat, or veflel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues from the coaft thereof, (hall be hindered, oppof-fed, obltruded, or affaulted in the due execution of his or their office or duty by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, cither in the day time or night, all and every perfon or perfons fo hindering, oppofing, obftrudin^, or aflaulting tfce faid officer or officers in the due execution of his or their duty, and all fuch a9 (hall ad in his or their aid or affi.lance, fhali and may be carried and conveyed before any one of his Mnjelty’s jufiices of the peace, reliding near to the place where fuch offence (hall be committed, or where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be apprehended, and fuch jullice fhnll, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witness, commit fuch perfon to the next county gaol, there to rcmahi until tlie next court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery , er until fuch perfon (hall be delivered by due courfe of law ; and in cafe an indictment (hall be found again!! him, or them, he, or they (hall plead thereto, without having time to tnvcrfc the fame in prox as is ufual in cafes of mi (demeanors, ami being duly convided thereof, (hall by order of the faid court, before whom fuch offender (hall be convided be fentenerd to fuffer and undergo fuch fine and imprifonment as (hall be awarded by the faid fcourt in its difcrelion.

XV.	And for the fpeedy and impartial trial of any offence which by this ad is declared to be a felony or mifdemea-nor ; be it enaded, That every fuch offence in cafe the fame lhall be committed w ithin the limits of any of the ports of

this

The twenty-fifth Year of George III.

this kingdom, or within four leagues of any part of the coafta thereof, (hall and may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined before any court or courts of oyer and’ ter* miner* or gaol delivery, in any county within this kingdom in fuch manner as if the fad had been adually committed within fuch county, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwith(landing.

XVI.	And be it further enadedby the authority aforefaid, That where any perfon or perfons (hall by virtue of this ad, be arrefted and taken before any one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for any offence againft this ad, declared to be a mifdemeanour, fuch perfon or perfons (hall in no cafe be admitted to bail, unlefs he (hall firft enter into a recogni* zance with two fufficient fureties to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fum of two hundred pounds, and the faid fureties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that fuch perfon or perfons (hall appear at the then next en-fuing court of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery, to be holden for fuch county, for which the juftice before whom -he (hall be brought (hall ad and anfwer, and plead to any in-didmerit which may be found at or before fuch court for fuch mifdemeanor, and fuch recognizance (hall forthwith be tranfmitted to the clerk of aflize, or other proper officer of the court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for fuch county as aforefaid.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any (hip or veflel liable to feizure or examination by this or any other ad of Parliament of force in this kingdom, (hall not bring to on being required fo to do, or being chafed by any cutter or other veffel in the fer-vice of his Majefty’s navy, having the proper pendant and enfign of his Majefty’s (hips hoifted, or in the fervice of his Majefty’s revenue of the culloms or excife, fuch cutter or other revenue veflfcl having a pendant and enfign hoifted with fuch marks thereon as are now, or (hall be before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five directed by the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three of them, to be ufed or worn by veflels in the fervice of the revenue of cuftoms and excife, in a blue field, it (hall and may be lawful for the captain or matter, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch cutter or veffel in the fervice of his Majefty's navy, cuftoms, or excife, to (hoot at, or into fuch (hip or veflel, which (hall not bring to,

. after fuch colours (hall be fo hoifted as aforefaid, and a gun (hall have been fired by fuch cutter or vefTel as a fignal, and fuch captain or other officer, and every perfon ading in his aid or affiftance, or by his direction, (hall be and is hereby indemnified and difeharged from any penalties or adions for Vol. VII.	F	f	damages

Perfon* arretted, admitted to bail, 8c

Any veflel

not bringing to when chalea by another in the fervice of his Majetty,

Sec. it (hall be lawful to fire into her.

Tic iivenfy-fftb Tear of Geergt III.

damage! for (o doing $ and in cafe any perfon or perfons Oudl be wouuded, maimed, or killed by, or by means of fuch fir-, ing, and the fa id officer or officers, or other perfon aftiog in his or their aid or affiftance, or by his or their dire&ioB, (haU be fued, mol tiled, or profecuted, or (hall be brooght before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or other juitice* or perfons having competent authority, for or on account of fuch wounding, maiming, or killing as aforefaid, all and every fuch juft ice or juftices* perfon or perfons is and are hereby authorized and impowered, injoined and required to admit every fuch officer and officers, perfon and peifons (b brought before him ot them as afiprefaid, to bail, any law, ufage, or cuf-tom to the contrary notwjthftandingi if vefle’s not	XVII1.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

SldUan^Ki-h	That	^ a,iy ^’P or	not	being in the fervice of

v«ml:tni L	his Majetty’s navyt or his Majefty’s revenue, Britilh or Iri(h,

herein, to	of the cuftoms or excife, (hall carry or hoift any fuch pen-

forfeit 5vol. dant or enfign as is herein before mentioned or described, the matter or jierfon having die charge or command of every fuch (hip or vcfftl, (kill forfeit the iura of five hundred pounds.

Matters of XlXi And lie it further enabled by the authority afordaid, fW, r tael*quef- That ^om an(* a^tCT the day of Augutt, one tboafsad tions a* fhaU be feven hundred and eighty five, the matter of every (hip or demanded. VcfTel arriving at any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, of going outward* from any port, harbour, or aeek in this kingdom, m ballatt, fhall ff called upon by the collector or other proper officer of his Majefty’s revesue, make a juft and true report of fuch (hip or veflcl, both inwards v arid outwards* and anfwcr upon oath to fuch questions refe-five to the voyage 3nd navigation of fuch (hip or veflcl ts (hall he put to him by the collector or other proper officer of his Maicfty’s revenue, at the port, harbour, or creek, where he ffiall arrive, or from whence he (hall depart, under the ,	penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every negkft,

omiffion, or rcfufal (b to do, which oath the faid cofledoror other proper officer of his Majefty ’a revenue is* and are hereby auiltorized to adminifter.

N > avre fees XX. Provided always. That no matter or other perfon tUn h-iorc ;his having the charge or command of any (hip or veficl in bd-hrtt, making report as above required, (hall in refpeft thereof be liable to die payment of any fees other than fuch as fuch (hip or vdill was fubjeft to pay previous to the patting of this aft.

XXI.	And whereas the matters of (hips and vettels trad* ur.k«inwn,ntniay 1n& frcln	P°rt8	to	this	kingdom;	do frequently bring

be op md, v\c great quantities of prohibited and other goods, which arc lias herein. abit to high duties, for the purpose of fmuggbng fuch

goods

g The twenty-fifth tear of Ofeorge III.

goods In this kingdom, and if they are prevented by tbe vigilance of the officers 6F the revenue from landing fuch goods, before they arrive at the port or place of their d»T-charge, fuch mailers do then report the bales and packages of fuch goods* contents unknown, tq be exported again, and carried back in the fame fhip or veflel to gain an opportunity of running the fame on (hore in this kingdom, or nnihipping thcpi into boats and other veflela for that piirpofe in their paffage outwards, to the great prejudice of the publick revenue, and the fair traders: and whereas goods are often found on board fuch fhips or vefTels, of which the mailer hath not made any report: for remedy whereof, be it farther ena&cd by the authority afore (aid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, where the mailer of any fhip or veflel (hall report any bales or other packages of any goods, contents unknown, for exportation in the fame fhip or veffd, it fhall and may be lawful for any offider of hie Majefty’s revenue to open fuch bales and packages on board fuch (nip or veflel fo reported* and examine the contents thereof, or to bring them on ihore to his Majefly’s ware houfe, at the cullom-houfe for the port where fudh report is made, if it fhall be ncceflary, and fuch officer fhall be, and is hereby indemnified, and (hall not be liable to any allion for fo doing :	and	in	cafe it

fhall appear on fuch examination* that fuch bales or pack* ages, die contents of which fhall have been reported un* known as aforefaid* (hall contain any goods which are prohibited to be imported* or are liable to forfeiture on being imported into this kingdom* by any law now of force, or which fhall hereafter be ena&ed, sill fuch goods and the

Sickages thereof, fhall be forfeited : and in cafe fuch goods all not be fo prohibited, fuch goods fhall be chargeable with the duties due and payable thereon* and fhall not be permitted to be exported, or delivered for that purpofe, before the legal duties are regularly paid for the fame, without the particular leave and dire&ion of the commiflioners of his Ma-jefty’s revenue, oV any three or more of them, and all goods found on board any fhip or veflel, of which no report hath been made by the mallet as aforefaid, fhall be forfeited, any law, cuflom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII.	And whereas fhips, veflels, and boats, and excife-xble goods imported into this kingdom, are frequently claimed by perfons without juft grounds, in order by the expence attending the proceedings in confequence of fuch claims, to lender the feizure thereof of little or no value, to the diminution of his Majefly’s revenue, and the great lofs and dif-couragement of officers feizing the fame : for remedy thereof, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That F f a	front

4



A. D. from and after the twenty fourth day of-June, one thoufand

t yRy. feven hundred and eighty five, upon the entry of any claim to Chap. 34. /any /hip, boat, or other veffel, or to anv fuch goods as afore-faid, feized for any alledged caufe of forfeiture refpecting the import, or intended import thereof, the perfon or perfon s who (hall enter the daiiri, as owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof (in cafe fuch claimant or claimants Perfon* re- * fliall refide in this kingdom) (hall he hound with two other kiiiwdom1'&*e Sufficient fureties, to be approved of by the chief cocnmiffi-claiming any oners of his Majefty's revenue, or by the colled or, or other vcfTe) or pcMuU principal officer of the revenue, at the poit or diflrid where fefeed, ihdl) cn- fuch clairn (hall be entered, in the penalty of one hundred

nr inro ftuinty pOUI1(j. to anfwer and pay the cofts occafioned by fuch top-ay cotts up- * .	\	r ;	J ,

on loudcm- claim, in rale of condemnation, iuch colt to be taxed ana

natiou.	afeertained by the chief remembrancer of the court of ex-

chequer, or his deputy ; and if fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, fliall not refide in this kingdom, then and in fuch cafe, the perfon or parfons lawfully authorized by fuch owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, to make fuch claim, fliall, in like manner, be bound with two other fufficient furctie3, to he approved of in like manner, in the like penalty, to anfwer and pay all cofts occafioned by fuch. claim, in cafe of condemnation, fuch cofts to be taxed and afeertained as aforefaid, or in default of giving .fuch fccu-r>tv within the time limited for entering claims, fuch claim fliall be null and void : and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the chief commiftioners of your Majefty’s revenue of eX-cife, and the fub-commifiioners in their feveral and refpe<5five diftv:c~h, to proceed tf> the condemnation of fuch (hip, boat, or rither yefre), and fuch goods, in filch manner as by law may he now done for want of a claim, any law, cuftom, or uftijre to the contrary notwithftanding.

X HI. And whereas doubts may arife, whether tobicco fr.r.d: up in parcels, each lefs than four hundred and twenty five pounds weight, and contained in hogfheads or other vef-ii uiu nay V fels, which in the whole may amount to, or exceed four littfl-mi^ort dred and twenty five pounds weight, may be legally imported into thfii kingdom : he it declared and enaiSed, That all tobacco made up in fuch parcels as aforefaid, and contained in any hnglhead or othn* veftel, fliall be deemed and taken to be tobacco 'contained in packages ifnder four hundred and twenty five pounds weight, although fuch hogfticad or other veftel fliall amount to or exceed four hundred and twenty five pounds weight.

XXIV'. And whereas it frequently happens that the crews of (bins and vcffels hovering 011 the coafts of this kingdom for the purpofc of fmuggling, fo foon as a revenue cruizer appears in light make fail from fuch cruizer, aad during the

chafe

T)m:bt* whether mnucco, in ad? un in

lvirr<-Js, .is

V

Any veful or chaccd by d

• The twenty-fifth Tear of George 111.*

chafe throw over boarda part or parts of their cargoes in order to fave ftich (hips or veffels from forfeiture: for remedy thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That whenever due proof (hall be made that any part of the cargo cf any (hip or veffel chaced by a revenue cruizer, has been thrown overboard' during fuch chace, whether within or without the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within acr, throwing or beyond four leagues of the fhore thereof, then and in overboard any every fuch cafe, the faid (hip or veffel, together with all her i>art ot tl|e car* guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, (hall be	&C

forfeited and confifcated, together with all the remaining * part of fuch qargo.

XXV.	And whereas it has been for fome years paft the pra&ice of homeward-bound Eaft India, and China (hips, to remain for fome time in the ports of thi‘3 kingdom on their paffage home, and the officers and failors on board fuch (hips, do contrary to the laws now in being, by the aflill-ance and aid of many people going to and coming from the /aid (hips, run very confiderable quantities of mulling, calli-coes, teas, china ware, and other goods on (hore, to the

great prejudice of his Majefty’s revenue : for remedy thereof, pcrfons going be it en^&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and af- on boani au ter the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred Eaft India or and eighty five, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or per-fons whatfoever, to enter on board any Eaft India or Chi- iiccnce fhaft na (hip, except the King’s officers whole duty obliges them forfeit 500k to go on board fuch (hip, or fuch other perfon or perfons as (ball receive a permit or licence from the colle&or or other fuperior officer of the port or place where fuch (hip (hall lie, or be under the penalty of five hundred pounds for every time fuch perfon or perfons (hallgo on board fuch (hip without fuch licence as aforefaid; and if any goods (hall be , found open on board fuch (hip, the fame (hall be taken account of, and made up in proper packages fuited to the nature of fuch goods by an officer or officers Rationed at the port or place where fuch (hip (hall be, which faid goods, when fo packed up, (hall be corded and fealed with a lead, with the King’s arms thereon, and an account of all fuch goods., fo packed up, corded, and fealed as aforefaid, (hall be tranf-mitted to the commiffioners or colle&ors of the cuftoms in the port of London, and alfo to the chairman of the court of directors of the united company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the Eaft Indies.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every boat or veffel carrying perfons to fuch (hip ing or (hips (hall be licenfed as aforefaid, and that every boat < ted, veffel carrying perfons to fueh (hip or (hips without " cence (hall be forfeited, and. that it (hall and may be to and for any revenue officer or officers Rationed

Digitized by

Google

Where drawback is allowed, frc. goods may be exported without duty.

Goods upon which there is an allowance, if r< ..ended without a licence. Ice goods and yefptl (orfeited.

VciTrlf and feized, the <Hjts ponded.

The Sweatjfftb llpor of George HI.

fucH (hip or (hips, and they are hereby rcfpedivdy require^ to prevent any perion or perfont from going on board the fame, unlefs he, (he, or they produce fuck liceufe ; 'and that if any perfon or perion* Quill refill or obftruft fuch officer or officers in 4°>ng his or their duty ju aforeffiid, fuch per* fon or perfons (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds ; and if any perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall in any cafe forge or counterfeit any fuch licence, or permit as it herein be* fore mentioned,. or (hall knowingly ufc or employ any fuch. forged or counterfeited licence, or permit, he', (he, or they (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of one thouland pounds for every fuch offence.

XXVII.	And be |t further enaded by the authority aforeiaid, That where any drawback is allowed upon the export of any goods by any a£l or ads of parliament now in force in this kingdom, or where any goods on the import^ pf w^ich no duty is payable, (hall be exported, all fuch goods (hall and may be exported without payment of any duty, any law to the contrary notwjthiftanditig, except in pales where it is or (hall be otherwife provided this feffion ot Parliament.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the paifing of this ad, if any goods or merchandizes (hall be put on board any (hip or vcf-iel to be exported, for which any allowance is to be made, or drawback or bounty given by the laws now of force in this kingdom upon the exportation thereof, (hall be reknded or unmippqd in any port Or place in this kingdom, or (hall be jut on board any boat or other vtiTel at any creek, haven^ or port thereof, or at fea, in order to be relanded without the' licence of one or more principal officer or officers of his Ma* jetty’s revenue of fuch post or place firil had and obtained, unlefs it be in cafe of dittrefs to lave the goods from ptrifhing, which diftrefr (hall be forthwith proved by the oath of the matter, purfer, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or vettel, before one of the principal officers of the revenue at the poi t or place where fuch (hip or veffel (hall arrive, all fucH goods, together with fuch (hip or veffid, together with all her guns, tcckle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel (hall be forfeited.

XXIX.	And whereas, as the kw now (lands, all leisures are to be brought to the office of cxcife, next adjoining to the place where fuch feizures (kail be made, whereby many incooventencies have arifen : be k therefore enaded, That every (hip, vefftl, or boat, and all goods found on board any (hip, vcffel, or boat, which (hall, at any time after the paU fmg of this ad, be firized for aAy breach of this, or any * °N:r law of force in this kingdom^ may be taken and

eonveyeq.

Digitized by

Google

Tfx twenty-Jiftb Tear of George III.	4^

conveyed to that port next adjoining to the place where A. I), fuch (hip, veflel, boat, or goods (hall be fo feized, where 1785. tobacco may, by law, be warehouftd, and the duties thereof Chap. 34. bonded for.

XXX. And it is hereby further ena&ed, That it (hall Commifiioner* and may be lawful to and for the commiflioneTs or fub- *7iay bear ana commiflioners of excife, for the diftrid in which fuch port icg^tyoVthe is, to which any fuch (hip, veflel, boat, or goods fhall be, fcizure.

as aforefaid, taken and conveyed under feizure, to hear, try, and determine the legality of fuch feizure, and give judgment, and award execution thereon, as fully to all intents and purpofes, and with fuch powers as if fuch feizure had been made within their particular diftri&, any law to the contrary ndtwithftanding.

XXXI.	And whereas doubts have arifen, whether fijt brought in veffcls for the purpofe of curing fifh caught on the coaft of this kingdom, be fubje& to duty in like manner as the fame would be if a&ually landed in this kingdom : be it therefore declared and enabled by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the palling of this a&, all fait ^ brought on the coaft of this kingdom, or within three ‘within™1*** leagues thereof, (hall be fubjeft to the like duty that fuch league# of the fait would be fubjeft to if the fame was a&ually landed in toaft fubjeft t? this kingdom : and in cafe any (hip, veflel, or boat, with &c*

fait on board (hall be on any part of the coaft of this kingdom, or within three leagues thereof, for the fpace of twenty four hours, and (hall not invoice the faid fait, and pay duty for the fame, then and in every fuch cafe all fuch fait (hall be forfeited, and it (hall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to feize all fuch fait as (hall be found on board fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, and to detain fuch (hip, veflel, or boat in which the fait (hall be fo found, until that faid fait fhall be unladen.

XXXII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, From

That it (hall not be lawful from and after the firft day of Auguft 1785, Auguft aforefaid, to import any brandy, rum, or other fpi- nolpirit^tea^ rit8, or any teas, wines, or coffee, without fpecial licenfe ,&c*	**

from the commiflioners of the revenue, or any officer pro* wi^,ut a perly authorized by them for the purpofe of granting fuch licence, except licence in the manner herein after mentioned, at or into any as herein; place or port in this kingdom, fave only fuch places or

ports where tobacco may by law be warehoufed, and the duty bonded for, and the ports of the (hire towns of counties, and the port of New Rofs, being fituated within the harbour of Waterford 5 and if any (hip or veffd invoiced from any port in Europe, fituated to the north of Cape Finifterre, (hall after the firft day of Auguft next, or invoiced from any other port of Europe, or from any port

Digitized by i^ooQle

The	tnventyflftb Year of	George III.

A. D.

'7sS-Chap. 34.

Allowance to (Vaiucd aa herein.

Commiffi-oners empowered to giant Liccuics.

Contends of fuch licenlc.

No permit or certificate of .111 earlier dare than ill June (hall he of force, &cc.

of Africa, Afia, or America, (hall after the twenty ninth day of September next, be found within the limits of any other port or haven, or creek within this kingdom, having brandy, rum, or other fpirits, or any teas, wines, or coffee on board in any packages whatfoever, without a coait cocket for fuch goods, or without a licenfe as aforefaid, having been previoufly obtained, or ftiall be difeovered fo to have been, fave only and except in cafe of unavoidable ncceflity and diftrefs, of which ncceflity and diftrefs the mailer, pur-fer, or ptrfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch ftiip or veffel, (hall immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or veffel in fuch port, haven, or creek, give notice and make proof before the colle&or or other chief officer of the revenue refident at the neared port where fuch (hip or veffel (hall arrive, fuch (hip or veffel with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and alfo the faid brandy, rum, or other fpirits, teas, wines, or coffee, ihall be forfeited.

XXXIII. Provided neverthelefs. That it ftiall be lawful to have fo much tea, brandy, rum, or other fpirits for theufe of the feamen then belonging to, and on board fuch (hip or veffel, as (hall not exceed in quantity tivo gallons of fpirits and one pound of tea for each fcaman.

X\XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the commifGoners of his Majcfty’s revenue ftiall be, from and after the pafilng of this a£l, impowered to grant licenfcs for the import of tobaccp into any port in this kingdom, in like manner as they are hereby enabled to grant them for the import of rum, teas, wines, or any other articles.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further ena£lcd*by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch licenfe (hall contain the name of the (hip or veffel, the name of the mafter or commander, or owner thereof, the quantity and quality of the goods intended to be imported, the owner thereof, and the port where the goods are intended to be landed, and ftiall be granted upon demand, without fee or reward.

XX XVI. And he it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoiifand feven hundred and eighty five, no permit or certificate of an earlier date than the firil day of June a-forefaid, ftiall be of force to protect any goods, w^res, or meichandizes for the protc&ion of lvhich permits or certificates are now by law neceffary to be produced ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer of the revenue to feize any fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, unlefs a permit or certificate of a later date than the faid firft day of June aforefaid ftiall be produced upon demand thereof, which

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Year of George IIL	t 457

faid permit or certificate the proper officer authorized foto A. D. do, is hereby required, upon application to him made for 1785. that purpofe, to grant without fee or reward.	Chap. 34.

XXXVII. And be it further enaAed by the authority  -------------------y—

aforefaid. That no permit or certificate which {hall be grant-	t

ed to cover or prote& any goods, wares, or merchandizes i^force {hall be in force, or (hall prote& or cover any fuch goods, for more than wares, or merchandizes, for any longer time than for the 3 months, fpace of three months after fuch permit or certificate {hall

be fo granted, and that before the end or expiration of fuch time, it {hall and may be law ful for the proper officer authorized fo to do, and he is hereby required upon application to him made for that purpofe, to grant a new certificate for fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, or for fo much thereof as fhail appear to fuch officer upon view and examination thereof to be on hand and undifpofed of, without fee or reward, and at the time of fuch new certificates being granted, the old one {hall be delivered up to the officer granting fuch new certificates ; and if any goods, wares, or merchandizes (hall be found without fuch new certificate as aforefaid, the fame fhail be forfeited, and it {hall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue, and he is hereby required to fcize the fame.

XXXVIII.	And whereas perfons importing goods into this kingdom frequently grant certificates of their having fold quantities thereof, when in fa& no fuch goods have been fold, and the perfons to whom fuch certificates arc granted procure them for the purpofe of obtaining permits in order to cover fmuggled goods : for remedy whereof, be it enabled,

That if from and after the palling of this a&, any perfon Any perfon or peifons {hall grant a certificate or certificates, of having granting a fold goods to any perfon or perfons, unlefs the goods in fuch certificate mentioned, {hall have been actually fold and deli-not a^ajjy. vered to the perfon or perfons named theicin, then and in fold, (hall for-cvery fuch cafe the perfon or perfons granting the fame {hall &it xool. forfeit one hundred pounds for every fuch offence, and on the trial of any information for the aforefaid penalty, the proofs that the goods mentioned in fuch certificate were actually fold and delivered to the perfon or perfons therein named, {hall lie on the perfon or perfons granting the lame.

XXXIX.	Whereas permits are frequently applied for and *j0 permit

granted to proteft goods to places confiderably diftant from to be granted

the places where fuch permits are granted, by which great

frauds arife : For remedy thereof, be it further enadffd by	&c

the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty to any greater

fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and eighty diftance than J	five'	inferted	therein.

Officers to eiamioe upon oath pcrfoot plying for permits.

Selling goods in any package than that imported, deemed re* tailors.

The tivemlj-fifth Tear of George III.	%

fire, no permit (hall be granted for conveying tobacco* brandy or other foreign fpirits, or wine in hog .head* to any greater diftance than (hall be inferred in fuch permit; and if it (hall be neceffiuy to have fuch good* carried farther, it (hall and may be lawful for the owner or other perfon having charge of fuch goods to demand a renewal of fuch permit, or a new permit to protect fuch goods, from the proper officer of cxcife of the diftrid where the firft permit was directed to as he (hall think fit, which renewal or new permit fuch officer is hereby required to grant, if the time of fuch permits being ia force be not expired, upon the owner or other perfon having charge of iuch goods producing the original permit to fuch officer^ and making oath that the goods fo produced are the identical goods fot which the faid original permit was produced, if required by the officer fo to do; and in cafe fuch goods (hall not be intended for the place the faid fccond permit (hall be directed to, the oMer or other perfon having charge of fuch goods ihall he entitled rto a renewal or new permit for the carriage thereof, upon performing the requifites herein before direded, and fo in like manner the owner or other perfon having charge of fuch goods (haH be entitled to renewals or new permits for the lame, until fuch goods fhall arrive at their place of detti-nation, which feveral permits or renewals thereof the proper officer is hereby required to grant without fee or reward.

XL. And be it further cnadedby the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Msjefty’s revenue who arc already impowered, or who hereafter (hall be impowered to grant or renew permits, for the carrying or conveying excifcable goods from one part of this kingdom to another, and they are hereby em-powed and required to examine U]x>n oath, any perfon or periods fo applying for fuch permits, whether the duty was a dually and bona fide paid for the goods for which fuch original permit (haUbe fo demanded, and as to the identity of the goods for which fuch renewal or new permit (hall be demanded, and to all fuch other matters as (hall appear td fuch officer or officers neceflary to fatisfy him or them that the goods in qoeftion had paid duty.

XLI. And whereas doubts have arifen what perfona ought to be deemed retailers within the meaning of the feveral laws relating to retailers; be it therefore declared and euaded by the authority aforefiud, That all and every perfon and per* (bus felling any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes in any other package than that in which the fame were imported into this kingdoms fhall be deemed and taken to be to all intents and purpofos a retailer and retailers, and be

fubje£\

Digitized .

7be twenfyfffth Tear of George III.	459

fcbjeft to all rules, regulations, reftridions, forfeitures, and A. D. penalties to which retailers are by law now fubje&.	1785.

XLII. Provided always. That nothing herein contained Chap. 54. (hall extend to auy perfon or perlons who deal in and fell wine in quantities, not lefs than one gallon, or nutmegs, mace, Not to ex-cloves, or cinnamon, drugs, dying fluffs, and the materials of	(*crfon#

man u fa dure.

XL III. And whereas feveral ill difpofed perfons do frequently dye, fabricate, or manufadure very great quantities of floe leaves, liquorice leaves, and the leaves of tea that have been before ufed, or the leaves of other trees, fhrubs, or plants in imitation of tea, and do likewife mi*, colour, (lain, and dye fuch leaves, and likewife tea with Terra Japoni-ca, fugar, molaffes, clay, logwood, and with other ingredients, and do fell and vend the fame as true and real tea, to the prejudice of the health of hts Majefly’s fubjeds, the diminution of the revenue, ?n<} to the ruin of the fair trader: for remedy of fuch frauds and abufes for the future, be it evaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after ' the twenty fourth day of June, one fhoufand feven hundred and eighty five, if any perfon or perfons (hall dye, fabricate, perfong pr manufadure any Hoc leaves, liquorice leaves, or the leaves dye, fell, or of tea that have been ufed, or the leaves of any other tree, manufaaure fhrub, or plant in imitation of tea, or (hall mix, colour,

{lain, 01 dye fuch leaves or tea with Terra Japonica, fugar, cv°ry 1 ZQolaffes; clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or pound lot materials whatfoever, or (hall fell and vend, or utter, offer, or expofe to Sale, or (hall have in his, her, or their cuflody pi pofieffion any fuch dyed, fabricated, or ipanufadured leaves in imitation of tea, or any fuch coloured, darned, or dyed leaves, or tea mixed with any of the ingredients before mentioned, or with any other ingredients whatsoever, fuch perfon or perfons (hall refpedively for every pound of fuch jeaves fo dyed, fabricated, or manufadured in imitation of ^ca; and f^r every pound of fuch mixed, coloured, ffained, pr dyed leaves or tea, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, together with all fuch leaves or tea, which leaves or tea any officer pr officers of his Majedy’s revenue is and are hereby required and empowered to Seize.

XLIV. Whereas there are high duties payable on the im- Duty an poitation of tallow into this kingdom, and it would be high- tallow, at ly conducive to the manufadure of foap and candles in this herein, kingdom, and to the exportation of thofe commodities if the import of the (aid commodities was encouraged by Ieffening the duty thereof: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this ad there (hall be paid for every one hundred weight of tallow, the fum of fix pence on the importation thereof into this kingdom,

*	and

x

Digitized by v^ooQle

460	The	twenty-fifth	Tear	of	George	III.

A. D.' ' 1785. Chap. 34.

Reciul of 13 fie 14 G.

3 c.8.i. 4. relative to ma^ .ftrates.

See. giving affiftance to the officers of revenue.

and no more ; any law or ftatutc to the contra* y thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XLV. Whereas by an ad made and parted in this kingdom in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefeut Ma-jelly’s reign, entitled. An A3 for continuing and amending fevera I laws mho in force relating to his Majejly’s revenue, and for the more ejfeBually fire venting frauds therein, it is among other things ena&ed, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, all juftices of the peace, mayors, Iheriffs, portrieves, bai/itTs, Sovereigns, conftables, head-boroughs, and all the King’s Ma-jefty’s officers, minifters, and fubjeds whatfoever ferving under hisMajefty by commiffion, warrant, or otherwife, (hall be aiding and affixing to all and every perfon and perfons who are -or (hall be appointed to mapage or colled his revenues, and the officers of thefc revenues refpedively, and their refpec-tive deputies in the due execution of all and every ad and thing required and enjoined by that or any ad or ads of Parliament made in this kingdom relative to the -revenue of the fame; and that all fuch perfons as (hall be aiding and affifting unto them in the due execution thereof fhould be defended and faved harmlcfs by virtue of that ad ; and tlie proper officers of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Ire^ land, are thereby authorized by application made to them by any known folicitor of his Majefty’s revenues, or any of them refpedively, upon his producing an order figned by the chief commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three or more of them, to ifiue writs of affiftance, under the feal of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, to authorize the officers of his Majefty’s revenue, to require and demand the aid and affiftance of las Majefty’s officers, and all other perfons as herein before mentioned : and whereas doubts have arifen whether the feveral juftices of the peace, and the fe-vcral other officers in the faid ad mentioned, are bound to be aiding and affifting the managers, colledors, and officers of his Majefty’s revenue, and their refpedive deputies, in the due execution of all and every ad or thing required and enjoined by any law relating to his Majefty’s revenue parted in this kingdom fubfequent to the faid laft in part recited ad: for the taking away of all fuch doubts, be it further declared and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this ad, all and every provifion, claufe, or part of the faid ad herein in part recited (hall be deemed, conftrued, and taken to extend not only to the faid ad itfelf, and all ads parted prior to the parting of the fame, but to this prefent ad, and to all other ads now in force, or hereafter to be made in this kingdom relating to. his Majefty’s revenue, and to all and every part .and parts

thereof*

Digitized by V

e

No wine

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

thereof, as fully and effeftually' as if fuch claofes and provisions were feparately and diftinftly enabled in and by every fuch aft and acts refpeftively.

XI-VI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, no wine of. the ?* l>ort“?al growth or produce of Portugal (hall be imported into this Jmyv7ffcl under kingdom, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek 63 gallons, thereof in any bottle, jar, caik, or other vefTel which (hall not contain iixty three gallons at lead upon pain of forfeiting fuch wine, and the bottle, jar, cafk, or veflel in which fuch wine fliall he contained.

XLV1I. Whereas doubts have arifen as to the duty of oilofScvil enftom payable on the importation of oil of the produce of Majorca, *c. Sevil, Majorca, Minorca, Apugija, Provence, or Portugal: to pay duty, and whereas the duty impofed by the aft of cuftoms, on fuch "herein articles is a duty of two pounds twelve (hillingsper ton, if imported by natural born fubjefts, and if imported by ftran-gers or aliens, a duty of three pounds live (hillings per ton : and whereas it is thought reafonable, that the duty impofed on fuch oil by the faid aft of cuftoms, fliould be the only duty of cuft’om payable thereon : be it therefore declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch oil imported into this kingdom by natural born fubjefts, fhall pay a duty of cuftom after the rate of two pounds twelve (hillings per ton only, and if fuch oil (hall be imported by ftrangers or aliens, a duty of cuftom (hall be paid, after the rate of three pounds five (hillings per ton only, any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVII1. And in order to prevent the great expence and trouble which the officers of his Majefty’s revenue may be at in proving the commiffious under which they aft:, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all fuits, afti- Toprove ons, indictments, or informations brought againft any officer <£mm>(lion of his Majelty’s revenue, and in all fuits, actions, indift- at^fted^op^ meats, or informations, brought by any officer of his Ma- of the entry, jelly’s revenue, in his own name, or in his Majefty’t name, in any of the or in the name of any informer, where it may be neceflary tbc^on*-to prove, the cummiffion or commiffions of -fuch officer or of-	die,

ceis, an attefted copy of the entry iu any of tite books of or belonging to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife in Dublin, or of the entry in the collectors books of that didrift where he or they acted as an officer or officers, dial) be admitted and allowed as evidence in all courts whether court? of record or not courts of record, in this kingdom, of his or their being a legal officer or officers, or of his or their having authority to aft as an officer or officers of hit Mnjefty’s revenue, without producing the commiflion by; . which lie or they were appointed and conftituted.

XLIX. And

from 24 Tune, 1785, it Audi not be lawful for any coart of fub-ccmimiffioncra to adjourn the hearing of any caufe begun, except aa herein.

All (hips, boats, or beads burthen leized, deemed periihable goods.

When any veftel or cargo fhallbe feized, the perfen having charge thereof, mar claim fuch for the owners, dec.

The MDnUy-fiftb Tear 6f George ill.

XLIX. And whereas it hat fomethnet happened upon the trial of offences again ft the laws of this kingdom, before fub-commiflioners of excife, that the fub-commiffioners have after their court has been opened, and the trial begun* ad-joumed the court and trial, merely for their own convenience, without any application for that purpofe, on the behalf of the parties, or either of them, and without any caufe aligned on oath, to juftify fuch adjournment, to the great injury and delay both of the crown and fubje& : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thonfand feven hundred and eighty-five, it (hall not be lawful for any court of fub-commimoners to ddjourri the hearing of any caufe a&ually begun, unlefs from day to day, for the pur-pofe of further hearing fuch caufe, (Sundays excepted) un-lefe by the confent of both parties, or upon fome good and fufficient caufe to be affignea upoU oath by one of the parties applying for fuch adjournment, or his, her, or their cotm-fcl, agent, or folicitor, or unlefs upon fome good and fnffi-eicnt caufe to be affigned upon oath by one or more of the faid fub-commiffioners, if any adjournment (hall be defired and applied for by him or them.

L. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all (hips, Teifels, boats, or beads of burthen now feized, or which (hall, at any time after the palling of this a&, be feized for any breach of the laws of this kingdom, (hall be deemed and conftdered to be periihable goods, and (hall be fold in fuch manner, and be liable to filch rules, regulations, and provifions, as at prefent by law fubfift refpe&ing periihable goods feized and condemned for any offence againft the laws of this kingdom.

LI. And whereas as the law now dands, if any (hip or veifel, or the cargo thereof, be feized for any breach of the laws of this kingdom, fuch (hip or veffel, or die cargo thereof, are liable to be condemned, unlefs a claim be made within twenty-one days by the real owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors thereof, or by fome perfon by him or them deputed, in writing, to claim the fame: and whereas it may be difficult for foreign merchants to ccfmply with the above mentioned provifions; be it ena&ed by the authprity aforefaid, That after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred add eighty-fire, whenever any fliip or veffel, or the cargo thereof, (hall be feized for any offence againft the laws of this kmgdohi, it (hall and may be lawful for the mader or other perfon having charge of fuch dnp or veffel, or the cargo thereof, to claim fuch (hip or veffel, or the cargo thereof, for and on account of the owners Or proprietors thereof, fuch perfon making an affidavit before the officer empowered to receive fuch dauu of the names

and

1

The Iwentyffih tear of George Ilf.	465

and places of abode of t^c real owners and proprietors there* A* D. of, ami of the perfon or perfoas to whan fuch (hip or cargo 1785. is configned, and alfo entering into fn^h fccurity as is in Chap. 34. this prefent ad before mem too ed with refped to per (one making claims to any goods, wares, and merchandize feized for any offence againil the laws of this kingdom.

LXIV. And whereas by the faid ad palled in the twen* Recital 11 * ty-firft and twcnty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, an al* ** G. 3. lowamx* by way of drawback was given upon all (pints dif-tillcd within this kingdom on the exportation thereof, in compenfation for the duty of one (hilling and two pence a gallon payable thereon, at the rate of ten pence far gallon after palling this for every gallon of fpirits of a ftrength not lets than a ftrength	bTid"

equal to live decrees or ten per centum under hydrometer lowed on fnirits proof, and on fpirits or brandies of greater ftrength than of diftilled in'this five degrees under hydrometer proof, a farther drawback at kingdom, and the rate of one penny per gallon, over and above the ten pence aforefaid, for every four degrees exceeding the ftrength feno> ^ above mentioned, and fo in proportion for any greater orYefc as herein, quantity: be it enaded by the^tuthority aforefaid, That from and after the pafimg of this ad, the drawback which fall be allowed on all fpirits diili}led within this kingdom, (hipped for exportation to any part beyond the fea, other than to the ifland cf Farro or Ferro, which (hall be of a ftrength not lefs than a ftrength equal to five degrees, or tender centum under hydrometer proof, (hall be nine pence per gallon for every gallon of fuch (pints, and on all fpirits or brass-dies fo to be exported of greater ftrength than of five degrees under hydrometer proof, after the rate of one penny fer gallon, over and above the fum of nine pence aforefaid, for every four degrees which the fame (hall exceed the ftrength above mentioned, which drawbacks or allowances (hall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given on fuch export, any ad or ads to the contrary not* withftaoding.

LXV. Provided always. That no drawback on any one * Drawback n gallon of fpirits or brandies, fhall exceed in the whole the id. per gallon, fum of thirteen pence.

LX VI. Piovided alfo, That no drawback be paid, or Ho drawback any allowance given on any fpirits exported to Great Britain on fpirits to G. or the I He of Man, until fuch time as a certificate under Britain, or Man, the hands and feals of the proper officers of the port at which £cl^°ut * celtl" fiich fpirits (hall he landed, that the fame have been landed at fuch port Audi be produced.

LXVII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, The matter of That the matter of the fhip, in which fuch fpirks fall be the (hip to be exported, w hen clearing out, (hall make oath that he has fworn as herein, the (aid fpirits on board his (hip, and that to his knowledge or belief they are not intended to be islanded, and that he

will

4^4	The	twenty-fifth	Tear of George III.

A. D. w31 not foiFer the fame or any part thereof to be relaoded fa 1785.	, Ireland, or landed in the ifland of Farro or Ferro, except

Chap. 34. in cafe of inevitable diftrefs, which oath (hall be taken in lieu of the oath prescribed by the, faid a6t, to be taken by the mailer of the (hip.

LXX1X* And whereas perfons convi&ed before the chief coramiffioners and fub-commiflioners of excife refpe&ively, of offences again (I the excife laws of this kingdom, and thereby fubjelt to the payment of fines and penalties, have frequently, in order to avoid the effe&s of warrants iffued by the faid chief commiflioners and fub-commiflioners respectively, again ft the goods and chatties of fuch periods, for the levying of fuch fines and penalties, procured different perfons to make daunt of the goods and chatties feized under fitch warrants, grounded on various pretences, and thereby Good*, ftc. in have avoided the payment of fuch fines and penalties : for poffeflion,Ac.of remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, cor£ That all goods and chatties whatfoever in the ufe, cuftody, commHRo^rs, * or P°^e^lon of any perfon or perfon3 convided as aforefaid, may be feized ihall and may be feized by virtue of the faid warrants, and by warrant, &c. fold for the payments of fuch fines and penalties, without regard to any claim which any perfon or perfons may have or pretend to have thereon, upon any account whatfoever.

LXXX. Provided always, that nothing herein contain-claim^atprd'cnt c<* extenc* to prejudice any right which any landlord for rent.	may now have over faid goods and chatties for recovery of

his rent.

LXXXI. And whereas complaints are frequently made to the chief commiflioners and fub-commiflioners of his Ma-jefty’s revenue of the condufl of inferior officers of the revenue, touching their offices, and it will tend much to the due execution of the duty of fuch officers if the faid chief commiflioners and fub-commiflioners were empowered to fnm-mon witneffes neceflary to be examined, refpefting the truth of allegations againft fuch officers touching their conduct, and to examine fuch witneffes upon oath: wherefore be it Commidionere enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where empowered to the faid chief commiflioners and fub-commiflioners refpec-made"6 hi ft of-	ju^Re |t to be expedient and neceflary to inquire

ficcrs ic. into *he conduct of any officer or officers adling under the authority of the (aid chief commiflioners in any matter concerning their refpe&ive offices, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid chief commiflioners and fub-commiflioners refpedive-ly, to proceed to examine into the matter of fuch charge, by fummoning or caufing parties or witneffes to be fummoo-cd to appear before them by fummons in writing, under the hand of fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall refpe&ively appoint to figrt the fame, fuch fummoofes to be left at the

ufuad

\

The twenty-fifth Tear <f George III. '

utiial place of abod?, or habitation of fuch parties or wit* neffes, and to examine fuch' witneflTes upon oath, and in cafe of a qualeer, upon folemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the faid chief commiffioners and fub commiffioners are liereby refpe&ivcly irapowered to adminifter, and in cafe any perfon duly fummoned as aforefaid, to be a witnefs, and give teftimony as aforefaid, (hall wilfully negled, or refufe to appear, or clfe appearing fhall refufe to make oath, or if a quaker affirmation for difeovery of his knowledge concerning, the matter in qpeilion, or elfe making oath or affirmation, and refuting to anfwer fuch quell ions and interroga-toriesas (hall be .demanded of him or her touching the matter in quetiion, (hall for every time he or (he (hall fo offend, forfeit the fum of ten pounds to be recovered as herein after mentioned.

LXKXII. Provided always. That no perfon or perfons who may give teffimony concerning any matter which (hall teftimony pot " be fo enquired into, (hall be fubjed or liable to any forfei-	Pu“

ture, fine, or punifhment which he, (he, or they may re-, fpedively have incurred or be fubjed to by reafon of any ' criminality in fuch perfon pr perfons, in the matters fo enquired into, or be in any wife profecuted or fued for the (arac.

LXXXIII. /ind be it further ena&ed by the authority Penalty of per-aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully, faife- jury or fuborna-ly, and corruptly take any of the oaths or affirmations hereby tlQD* directed to be taken, or any other oath or affirmation directed to be ta]tcn by any other law or laws now*of force or hereafter to be eqaded in this kingdom, relative to hi3 Majef-ty's.revenue, and be thereof lawfully convided, he, (he, oy they fo offending, (hall fpr every fuch offence, incur and fuf-fcr fuch pqiakies, forfeitures, pains, and djfabilitie9 as perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt petjury are by law liable.unto, or if any perfon or perfons (hall corruptly procure or fuborn any other perfon to take any fuch oath or oaths, affirmation or affirmations, and the perfon or perfons fo pro*, curing or fuboming (hall be thereof convided, every, perfon fp offending (hall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, forfeitures, pains, and difabilities, as perfons con-vided of perjury, or of fubornation of perjury, are rcfpcc-tively by the laws of this kingdom liable unto.

liXXXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority Officers are aforefaid. That the feveral colledors, fub-comjniffioners, or other officers of the revenue, in the feveral and refpedive affirmations, diftrids where fuch oaths or affirmations are required, or di-reded to be taken, by this or any other law or laws now of force or hereafter to be enaded relating to his Majefty’s revenue in this kingdom) are hereby authorized* ha power-Yoi<. VII,	G g	ed,

Perfons giving



, V

Dicfiii^ed by

)og!e

466	The	twenty-fifth	Tear	of Geotge Ilk

A. D. ed, and required to adminifter fuch oath or oaths, affirms* 1785.	tion or affirmations.

Chap. 34. LXXXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority a-forcfaid, That in every cafe in which an oath is by this or Affirmation of any other a^fc now of force, or hereafter to be ena&sd in cicnT^ ****** kingdom relating to his Majefty*6 revenue required to Clcn '	be taken, if the perfon required to take the fame (hall be a

known quaker, that then and in every fuch cafe the officer or officers impowered by law to adminifter fuch oath, fhaD not adminifter the fame, but (hall receive in lieu thereof the fo-lemn affirmation of fuch known quaker. sj 8c 14 G. 3. XCI1I. And'be it further enafted by the authority afore-C f*' lfbc*VC	510	a& paffed in the-twenty-third and twenty-

rtpeslcd. CT* f0urth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, sfn aS to enable the commiffioners of bis A'aje/ly's revenue of excife to rm-potver the brewers of fmall beer at certain timer, and vnder certain cirenmftantes, to charge an higher price for fmad hirer, than bj law they ere enabled to charge for the fame9 be, and the Jtme is hereby repealed.

XClV. And whereas certain duties are payable to his Ma-jefty upon licenfes required to be taken out by perfons felling and manufaft tiring various matters and things: be it en-Colleftort of	by the authority aforefaid. That in all. cafes where

revenue raw any licenfe is to be taken out in purfuance of any a& of Pfcr-yowered to liament, the feveral collectors of his Majefty’s revenue be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to grant fuch ** *	*	licenfes to every perfon in their rcfpectivc diftricts who (hall

require the fame $ and that fuch licenfes (haH he as effectual* and valid, an if the fame were granted by the chief cornmiC-fioners of his Majefty’s revenue, except ale, wine, cyder, and fpirits litenfes, and licenfes to diftillers.

XCV. And whereas in certain cafes bonds or recogni* zances are to be given by the peifons obtaining licenfes, and it is neceflary to afeertain the fees the faid collectors may receive upon granting fuch licenfes, and upon taking the faid bonds and recognizances: be it enacted by the ab'tho-Cnllc«ftor» rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for granting li-	every collector who (hall grant fuch licenfc or Kcenfcs, to

mandafa Uc	a^* demand, and receive from the perfon or perfons requir-

Ju per pound,	fuch licenfe, a fee for each licenfe after the rate of one

tc. *t.	fouling	in	the	pound,	according to the duty payable to his

Majelly on fuch licenfe or licenfes^ and alfo to a(k, demand, and receive as aforefaid, for every recognizance or bond which (hall be given by any perfon or prifons obtaining a licenfe, the fum of two (hillings, any other act or acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithftanding; and in default of payment thereof* foch collectors are refpectively authorized to refufe to gftmt fuch licenfes.

XCVI. Pro*

1

The fwenty-Jiftk Tear of George III.	467

XCVT. Provided always, That nothing herein contained A, D. > /hall extend to affeft tne right of the colleftor of the county 1785. of Dublin excife to the fees eftablifhed by any former aft Chap. 34. or afts of Parliament on licenfes for felling fpiiits and re- V-—v cognizances thereon.	Not	to	aff«a

XCVIL And whereas no regiftry of any malthotife ereft-ed or converted after the twenty-fifth day of March, one county of Dub-thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, for, or to the pur- lin, See. pofe of making malt, can be received by the commiffioners Where the of his Majefty’s revenue, unlefa filch malthoufe (hall con- floor °f th® hiln tain after the rate of three hundred and twenty-four fquare feet of kiln-floor for every twenty-five barrels of barley, the w^ironwire deep (hall be capable of containing: and whereas malt for or plates, it porter does not require fo great a proportion of kiln-floor} may be regifteN be it enafted by the authority aforefhid, That in all cafes cd*&c* where the floor of the kiln of any malthoufe fo erefted or converted, (hall be covered with iron-wire, or iron-plates, fuch malthoufe may be regiftered by the faid commiffioners or their officer, although it (hall not contain a number of fquare feet of kiln-floor after the rate aforefaid.

XCVIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Maltftersnot That if any maltfter, or maker of malt, (hall ufe any cif-tern for making of com or grain into malt, through the cen- ^ilUxns T tre whereof he or (he (hall not firft ereft, or caufe to be couches, crefted and fixed, and conftantly kept fixed lengthways, or not furnilh-from one end to the other, a fufficient frame or ftage of *n£ **•“•“<* wood, at lead twenty inches in breadth, or (hall ufe any	^

couch for the purpofe aforefaid, to which there (hall not be a like frame of wood, to enable the gaugers, or other officers of excife, to gauge and take an account of all com in fuch ciftern or couch making into malt, or if fuch maltfter, or maker of malt, on the demand of fuch gauger or other officer made to him or her, or to the perfon or perfons attend-. ing to (hew his or her (lock, (hall not fumiffi, or caufe to be fumilhed, beams and feales properly erefted, and weights fufficient to enable fuch officer to weigh and take an account of his or her (lock of malt, or (hall not furni(h, or caufe to be furaiflied, on the demand of fuch gauger, or other officer of excife, lights fufficient to enable fuch officer to examine all malt, and corn making into malt, and to gauge, weigh, meafure, and take an account of the fame; every tnaltfter, or maker of malt, fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XCIX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Corn or grain faid, That if any corn or grain whatever, (hall be found in to be forfeited, or upon any kiln, floor, room, or other place for the mak- *f found in, or ing or keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain making	11

into malt, unlefs fuch kiln, floor, room, or other place (hall	rem*

G g 2	have



Recital of the fwameaft 19 UtoG. c. 12. f. 46.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

Have been duly entered and regiftered, according to law, all fuch com of grain (hall be forfeited, and the owner or owners /* thereof, or the perfon or perfons In whofe pofleffion the (arae (hall be fo found, lhall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every barrel thereof.

C. And whereas it was by in ad of Parliament palled in the nineteeuth and twentieth years of his Majefty's reign, entitled. An aJ for continuing And amending fevered laws relating to his Majeflj s revenue, and for the more (ffeffua/ly preventing frauds therein, and for fuch other furpofes as art therein mentioned, enaded, That if any perfon or perfons buying, felling, manufaduring, or othei wife (loring or keeping in his, her, or their cuflody or pofleffion, any quantity of tobacco, (hall refufe or hinder any furveyor, gauger, or 6ther officer of txcife, his or their affiftant or aflulaots, to enter into any of his or their houfes, (lores, (hops, cellars, or other places, or having permitted them to enter, (hall afterwards refufe, 6r prevent them from taking an account from time to time, of all tobacco there found, or (hall refufe to* (hew and weigh the fame, or any part thereof, except tobacco in cafe, or to furnifh legal feales and weights fit the purpofe of weighing the fame, or refufe to (hew, and declare the quantity of his, her, or their feparate (locks of tobacco, loofc, or in package, or number of rolls of cane and pigtail, or fnuff, roll, or quantity of (lock tobacco, or tobacco in cafe, particularly expreffing the quantities of each kind, fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds: and whereas doubts have arifen, whether the penalty lmppfcd by the faid lad mentioned ad, for the hinders nee and refu-fal therein mentioned, can be fued for, and recovered, unlefs fuch hindcrance and refufal be made by the perfon buying, manufaduring, felling, (loring, or keeping in his cuilody tobacco, who frequently, to evade the penalty of the law, keep out of the way, and leave their houfes, (lores, (hops, cellars, and other places for keeping tobacco, under the care r*f fome of their fervants, or other perfons redding in their families: for remedy whereof, and for obviating and taking away all fucH doubts, be it enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid penalty impofed by the faid lift recited ad, on perfons buying, felling, manufaduring, floiing, or keeping in his or her cuftcdy, tobacco as afore-fnrd, for the hinderance or refufal aforefaid, (hall extend, am# be conflrued to extend to every perfon buying, manufacturing, felling, (loring, or keeping in his cuftcdy tobacco as aforefaid, whofe wife in the abfence of the hofband, or whofe principal fervant, or other perfon or perfons ufually intruded with his (lock in the abfencc of the hufband and wife, (hall refufe or hinder fuch officer or officers, his or their afliftant or afliftanta, to enter into any of his or their 1	(aid

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III*

laid houfcs, (lores, (hops, cellars, or other places, or having permitted them to enter, (hall afterwards refufe or prevent them from taking an account from time to time of all tobacco there found, or (hall refufe to-(hew and weigh the fame, or any part thereof, except tobacco in cafe, or to fumifh legal feales and weights for the purpofe of weighing the fame, or refufe to (hew and declare the quantity of his or their fepa-rate docks of tobacco loofe, or in package, or number of rplls of cane and pigtail, or fnufF, roil, or quantity of (lock tobacco, or tobacco in cafe, or to exprefs particularly the Quantities of each kind.

v Cl. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That the duty of two pence per pound, charged by virtue lb. on tobacco of an,a& pa(Ted this feflionof Parliament on all tobacco ma- ™anJ*fadured in nufa&ured in this kingdom, (hall be paid by the manufac- niall^belaid*1* turer or manufa&urers taking tobacco out of the original within 7 day*, package, or putting the fame	in deep, to the colle&or of	a« herein,

the didrid, within feven days	after fuch taking	out or put- )?n<j!c.r Pcnaky^

ting into (beep, or in default thereof, all fuch tobacco (hall <>f[ and alfo ioh be.forfeited, and may be feized ; and every fuch manufac- and it. for every turer who (hall offend herein, (hall for each and every of- lb. weight, fence forfeit the fum of twenty	pounds, and alfo	one (hilling

for each and every pound weight of the fa id	tobacco fa

taken out.	.

.* CII. And whereas the regulations heretofore made for. die better fecuring thes revenue arifing tp his Majefty on playing cards, have not been found fufficient to prevent bauds on the faid revenue: and whereas one mark, (lamp, or feal, hath been heretofore appointed by the commiflionera of his Majedy's revenue, to be put on the paper and thread cnclofing every pack of cards, and the fame hath bceri im-preffed on a label or piece of paper failened on the wrapper or paper in which each pack of cards is endofed y be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be Commiffionert lawful to and for the chief commifliontrs of his Majedy’e re- empowered to venue for the time being, or any three or m6rc of them, herem*&C ** and they are hereby authorized and empowered to devife, ftcrcm» and by notice in writing under their hands, to be publifhed in the Dublin Gazette, for three fucceflive ^ays of publication, to appoint one further and other mark, damp, or (cal, fuch as they (hall think (it, to be put or impreffed on the label or paper to be fadeped on the wrapper in which each pack of cards (ball be enclofed or wrapped ; and that the faid label or paper be fo contrived a* that when the fame (hall be fo failened on the faid wrapper, the damp, mark, or feal heretofore appointed to be put thereon, fhall appear on one fide of each pack of cards; and the other mark, each label to be damp, or feal to be appointed in pprhxance of this ad, numbered.

(hall appear on the oppofite fide of the fame pack of cards;

and

The ad. per

47°	The	twenty-fifth	Tear	of George III.

A. D» and that the fevcral damp leaders refpe&ively (hall number 1*785. each label in arithmetical progreilion under each mark.

Chap. 34. damp, or Teal, to be put thereon in manner afbrdaid, Ha V-	that the numbers appearing on each fide of every pack of

cards when endofed in the (kid label, (hall be like or too* refponding numbers.

The cards of CIII. Provided always, That all cards belonging to each each manufac- manufadurer (hall be numbered in progreffion with the fed-iTumba-cd, ficc ^ovrlDi or facceffive numbers, the cards of each manufacturer beginning with number one, and that every damp mader (hall after every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, begin to number the cards to be damped by him for each manufadurer with number one.

i very pack of	CIV. And be it further enadedby the authority afore*

card* not mark- faid. That from and after the fpaceof two months from

«d	tie p“b'i(hin/the ^,no;icf’ erety p*±of

&c. (hall he	on the label fattened, on which iuch masks dr damps ana

deemed cards number (hall not have been put, a# are or. is by this a&ti^ not flumped,and reeled to be put thereon, and every pack of .card* on the orfeited, c.	on	any	.number	fhatf be ended or altered,

(hall be deemed and taken to be cards mot damped or marked, and (hall be forfeited and (cited, and every perfon who (hall' fell or expofe the fame to fale (hall be liable to ad penalties to which perfons by the laws now in being jtre fubjedt, for felling or expofing to fide cards not damped at all.

Cards not CV. And he it further ena&ed thy the authority afbrc-(Umpcd, ftc. to faid, That it (hall be lawful for all perfons who oa the 60 dayTafier to ^^^T^oarth day of June, one thotribnd.fevcn hundred and the (tamp maf- eighty-five, (hall have in their cuftody or pp&flion, any. ter, fire, as carcU on the label on which the mack, ftamp, or leal here* herein.	tofore appointed by the faid commtffiooers for that ptupofer

hath been put, and which (hall not have .been damped in the manner directed by this *&, at any time within fixty days after, to bring or fend the fame to the damp matter in Dublin, who (hall thereupon cancel the faid marks or (lamps upon all the labels endofing the faid cards, and the faid ftamp matter is hereby required to deliver unto the fevcral perfons who (hall fo brin^ and deliver.any number of packs of cards the labels of which (hall have been fo damped with the faid mark, ftamp, or feal fonperiy appointed as afqrefaid, a like number of labels dap>p?d and marked in manner as by this a€t is direfted, without demanding or taking divedly or ipdire&ly for the fame, any him of money or other confederation whatfoever, and in cafe any perfon (ball neglcdt or refafe within the time aforefaid to bring or caufe to be brought and delivered unto the faid damp

The twntyffth Year of George III.	474

matter as aforefaid, any fuch cards enclofed in fuch label	A. P.

damped with the mark, flamp or Teal heretofore appointed	1785,

as aforefaid, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other Chap. 34. effect or ufe than if it never had beeq {tamped.

,CVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any'time or Perfon*cgun-times make, counterfeit, or forge, or caufe or procure to be terfeiting or. made, counterfeited, or forged any mark, {tamp, or feal to referable any mark, ftamp, or feal, which in purfuance of herein adjudged this aft fhall be made and ufed for damping any label or felons, paper enclofing any cards, or {hall counterfeit or refemble the impreflion of the fame upon any paper for enclofing cards, or {hall erafe or alter any number to be put on fuch paper or label as aforefaid, thereby to defraud his Majefty, bis heirs or fucceflors of the duties upon cards, or {hall utter, vend, or fell any cards with the impreflion of fuch counter-"

. feit mark, damp, or feal on the paper or label enclofing fuch cards, knowing the lame to be counterfeited, or diaQ utter, vend, or fell any cards on the paper or label enclofing which any number (hall, be erafed or altered, knowing the fame to be erafed or altered, or {hall fraudulently ufe any mark, damp, or feal to be ufed in purfuance of this ad, thereby to defraud his Majcdy, his heirs pr fupcefTors of any of the duties upon cards, then every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convided in due fprm of lay.

(ball be adjudged a felon, and (hall ruder death as in c$fe* of felony without the benefit of qlergy,

CVII. And whereas by law all collcdors receiving quit, prown, compofition, and other rents payable to his Majefly, pre required every year to prepare a book wherein they are to enter all the receipts or acquittances by them given for all the aforefaid rents under their handstand in the prefence of the party paying the fame, on which receipt the faid parties, or any other on their behalf may fet their names, for every which entry the colledors may demand and receive two pence; which books the colledors are yearly before the dating of their accounts to return under tlieir hands, and on their oaths, into the office of the Collcaon per-auditor general where the fame fhall be kept, not only as a charge on fuch colledors, but alfo as a difeharge to the fob- notentcr the jed for all foms thereby appearing to be paid: be it there- fame in the book fore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any col- appointed, furled or (hall not at the time he fhall perfed a receipt for any fcit ao1* fuch rent as aforefaid paid to him, enter or caufe to be entered the fame in the faid book, every fuch colledor fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Ma-jefly, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who (hall foe for the fame, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill,

plaint

*7*

The twenty-fifth Tear of George ITJ*

^£iom 5cc. £baU bt commenced

j>feint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, wherein no cfloign, prote&ion, or wager of law, privilege, or mofe than one imparlance (hall be allowed, with full cods of fuit.

CV1II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any aftion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any matter within3*mm»ths	thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or

after the caofe, in purfuance of this aft, or any other aft or afts heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, relating to his Majefty** revenue, fuch action or fuft (hall he Commenced within three months next after the alledged caufe of aftion (hall accrue, and (hall be laid in the proper county where fuch alledged caufe of action (hall have rrfen or begun, and the •enen! ifTueto^ defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general be pleaded, &c, jffue> an(j gjy* thjr% and the fpccial matter in evidence at ‘any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done hi purfuance cf, arrd by authority of this fed, or fome other aft relating to his Mnjefty’s revenue, and if a werdid fliall pafs for the defendant cr’defendauts, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become uon-fuited, or difeontinue his, her or their aftion or profeention, or judgment fhall be given againft him, her or them npon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him or thCm againft fuch plaintiff orj)laintiffs.

CXV. And be rt further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That an aft made in the twenty third and ttveitty fourth years of his Majefty's reign, entitled, S.n aS for amending fever a! haws relating to his Mayfly9 s rcoatuty tad and end ol next for the more rffcBuafly treveniing of frauds therein ; and all kfjon, and an- a,}(} Angular the afts thereby continued, and all and every

zj and Cto 3 and tfv* set continued to the ?4th JUiic, i?86.

iiuujly, and to ?4 June 1788, *c. t.y 27 Gf 3. c. 26.

claufes in the faid afts refpeftively contained, except fuch parts thereof as are altered, repealed^ or amended by this prefent aft, or by any of the faid ifts fo continued, tege-tlier with this aft, (hall continne and be in force until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufartd feven hundred and eighty fix, and from thence to the “end;of the then flftt feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

-CXVI. And he it farther enafted hy^he^dthonty afcrt* hr tins:and fvd	That all and every the fin^s; penalties, and forfeitures

*oylrc<\. J*c ai fnftiftcd by this aft, or by the faid fevcral afts of Parliament t»y 14 Ty 15 C. hereby conthmrd, or by any of them, other than and fcfc-cept fuch ashy this aft, or by any bf the laid afts of Parliament fo hereby continued are otherwife provided for, Aril • nnd may l>c fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in foch manner and form, and by fuch ways and mcaris, and With fuch powers and authorities os are prescribed, direfted, and appointed, in and by an aft of Parliament made m the fourteenth tpul fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles

tlK

The fine* fr<\ .

a. c/8.



The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

the fecoud, entitled, An ad for the fettling of the excife or new impofi upon his Majefiy, bis heirs and fuccejfors, according to the hook of rates therein infer ted; as fully and cffeftually to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes, as if the fame 'were particularly mentioned and exprefled, and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft, with the like remedy of appeal, to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, or her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid aft is provided.

CXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afotefaid. That all goods wherewith any vefTel hath been freighted for this kingdom from Portugal, and which vefTel • failed from thence before the fourteenth day of March laft, (hall and may be imported, upon payment of the fame duties, and under the fame reftriftions and regulations as they would have been fubjeft to, if imported on, or previous to the twenty fifth day of the (aid month of March, any law to the contrary notwithftanding.

C H A P. XXXV.

An Ad for the further Improvement and Exterfion of the Fijheries on the Coafls of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS a well regulated fifhery is the moft fruitful nurfery of hardy Teamen : and whereas the great refort of fi(h to the coaTts of this kingdom, offehs this advantage in a degree fuperior to other nations: and whereas various laws have been pafled, and extraordinary bounties granted, in order to encourage this great fource of naval ftrength, but the objeft of the laws has been eluded, and the bounties have been frequently claimed for veflels not employed in the fifheries, or if employed therein, the owners Jiave neglefted to cure the fi(h in a merchantable manner, and thereby brought Irifh cured fifh into difrepute at foreign markets : and whereas an aft pafled in this kingdom in the feventh yerir of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An ad for the further encouragement of the fifheries <f this kingdom ; and alfo another aft pafTed in this kingdom in the third year of his prefent Majefty King George the. third, entitled, An ad for the encouragement of the fijheries of this kingdom ; and alfo another aft pafled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for explaining and amending an ad9 entitled, An ad for the encouragement of the fi/beries of this kingdom ; and alfo another aft pafled in this kingdom in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad to explain and amend the ads made for the encouragement of the fijheries of this kingdom: and for

promoting

47*3

A. D.

Goods freighted for this kingdom, &c. is berciu,

(hart pay but the fame duties. Sec. as herein.

Continued te 25 March,

1799. by 36 G.

3.nc.'5*. r Amended 26 G. 3. c 20. 27 G. 3 c. y. a8G. 3. c. 27. 32 G. 3. c. 23. f. 2.

474	toupntyjiftb Tear of George III.

A* t>.	• promoting the good ends propofed by faid laws $ be it en*A-

1785. ed by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the Chap. 35» advice and content of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and V—-—v—commons ih this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Afttr it 4ay of authority of the fame. That after the firft day of Febraacry Feb. next. L next, the (aid feveral recited ads, and all matters and bore afts lhall things therein contained, be, and they are heteby repealed, be repealed. and rendered null and void to all intents and purpoSe* what* foever.

II. And in order to eneoujagethe fifheries of this kingdom by equal bounties as are given in Great Britain, and to provide a nurfery of feamen for the navy of the empire; be •erteo- * enabled by the authority aforefaid. That a bounty 0f bep*M»n- 'thirty lhillings per ton, (hall be paid annually out of his rally to the Majefty’s revenues, under the management of the commlf-•wncit, See. fioners of the revenue, to the owner or owners of fuch vtf-felorveflels redding jn this kingdom, or their agents as now are, or lhall hereafter be built in Great Britain Or Ireland, and manned and navigated as by the laws now in force is dk reded, and herein after more particularly deferibed, for filh-* ing on the coafts of this kingdom, in the manner, and under the conditions hertin after mentioned, that is to fay, no buff or yefTel /hall be. entitled to the faid bounty, or any part thereof, by virtue of this ad, unlefs faid bufs or veffel' lhall be decked, or partly decked, and not under the burden of twenty tons, nor upwards of one hundred tons ; and if but of twenty tons burthen, manned with four men on b° for the firft twenty tons, and one additional man for every efttetfa? to eight tons, by which the faid veffel lhall exceed twenty tons iowtitjy not burden, ^nd if entered for the herring fifhery, (hall have alfo provided with €n board two ban^l* or ftavea, and hoops to make two b»-rels for every ton burden which faid velfcl IhaH meafure ; and £7j. ^ ^ * ' >F fitted out for the white fifhery, lhall have on board one or not equip- boulter or long line, fufficiently equipped with not fe& than ped as herein, three hundred hooks, and alfo two hand-lines for e£ch man *	on board faid veffel, and alfo one line through ont hait-

bafket, twp fplitting-knives, and three calks for the favir^g of blubber or oil, and alfo one hundred fpare hooks for each . man on board, and IhaH alfo have four ton of fait on board for the firft twenty tons, and one additional ton of lak for every fix tons which fuch vefTel lhall meafure above twenty tons, nor unlefs fuch veffel lhall have been regtftered with the colledor or other chief officer of the port to which (be belongs, if for the iummer filhery, on or before tne twenty fifth day of April, and it for the winter filhery on 01 before tlie twenty fifth day of Odober, and (hall proceed to foxne one of the places of general rendezvous herein alter appointed, being firft vifited and meafured in the prefence of ^7 ^olledor, or in his abfence, of the port-furveyor, by an

officer

The twenty-fifth Tear of George 111.	47J

officer or officers of the revenue belonging .to fuch port, ap- A. D.* pointed by the Commiflioner* of his Majcfty’s revenue, or *7^5^ any three or mprc of them for the purpofej who JWI *ajce Chap. an account of, the tonnage thereof by admeafurement in the V mode prefcribed as to veffeis refpe&ing tobacco, and flWU certify upon oath before the collc&or of the diftrift, or before a fub-cothmHfioner of b‘* Majefty’a revenue, .wbe .are hereby empowered-to adminifter the fatne, fuch his of .their vifitation, examination, and adtneafurement to the commif-fioners of his M^efty’g revenue as follows, viz•

.«r	j	Tr?	•	Altered	by

ty tbe commifftoners of hssmajefiys revenue, do hereby certify 2j G. 3. c. 31.

end ftpear, that f have been fin boar-4 thf buff, or veffel, eaUe4 (.2.

the	of	whereof	is	mqftcr,

r\ow lying in this fort, andBovndfd thefjheries, and upon ajlrifi

examination and admeafurement, do find her to be if Jectfdpir

partly decked veffet, as the cafe may be, built in this ku^dem nr

Great Britdin, aa the cafe maybe, of the bur den	v

tons ; that her owners do to the beft of my Belief rejide in this

kingdom; thatJhe hath on board ............... mariners^	ar\4	it

in aU rejfiefti, according to ny judgment and beliefs a found, well

Built, well found, and proper veffcltolc employed in the faidjjfb-,

- triesy bdvifig alfb 6n boardthe-^fcrept articles Jfieqfifdiiiti,

for afsnimet of Winter Jtfhery\ as the cafe may hi;

k-	Surveyor.	'

Sworn before me this	day	of

‘CoTteBor. /

• Dimenfipna of the above vfflel, viz* in length,'

ht breadth, making	*	tons.

I certify, that the above examination and admeafurement were made in my prefence,

CdUeSor.

III.	And be it cna&ed by the authority afotefajd, That Security to bj before the find yeflcl fhail be cleared oat for the faid fiTheriei, gjj*®^*1*1** the owner or owners, or their agents or mafter, or chief . ftSv officer of fuch veflel, fhail become bound with two fpfficient iecurities unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccdfors, in the penalty of Inch fum as fhail be equal to treble the bounty on tbe tonnage of the faid vefTd intended bv this aft; Which bond tbe colleftor is hereby required to take, and is to be in force for the fpace of three years agaraft the mafter and his ■	‘	fccurities,

47^	The	iwesstyffth	Tear	of	George III.

A.' D. fecurhies, for the faithful dealing of the (aid mafter and {hip’s 1785.'	company.

Chap. 35. IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afordaid, v—-v	That no bufs or veflel (hall been titled to the laid bounty, or

No bounty if any part thereof, unlefs upon her arrival at foch general ren-not^^ify ficc. <^czvous»	be	vifited by the infpe&or, or furveyor of

as herein.	the diftridt where no infpedor (hall be appointed, who fell

certify In the following words, videlicet.

do certify, that thefi/bag

arrived in this day of	one ihoufand	fevar

that I boarded the faid xjfel; that Jhe is a deck d or half decled vejfel (as the cafe may be) that I have examined her rcgijler and certificate of admeasurement y from which it appears tome that Jhe is of	tons	burden, and

has on hoard	bujhels of fait	hooks

fines amifurnitu e preferibedby this ait (as the cafe may be) of barrelj,	Jlcves for making barrels ; and

hoops, that there were on board her at her arrival the mafler and	feamen,	viz.	and	that the mafer

produced a eopy of the a8 of the twenty fifth of King George the third, entitled. An a& for the improvement and attention of the fifheries on the coafts of this kingdom. Certified this	day	of	one	thotifar.d	Jeven

hundred and

I

vejfel called the port the hundred and

V.	And if notwith(landing her faid regiller it (hall other-wife appear to fuch infpe&or or furveyor, that the articles If no fatkfxc- therein mentioned are not on board, and that the mafler tory account, no cannot fatisfa&orily account to him on oatfy for the fenc,

• “c”tyfliaU bc the faid infpe&or or furveyor (hall repprt the matter to the commifiioners of his Majefty’s revenue, who are thcrcupoo to order the bounty which the faid vcfTel would be entitled to, if the requifites, hereby diye&ed to be performed, had been faithfully complied with, to be (lopped, and not paid, for the ii(hing fealon for which he (hall have been cleared out.

No jdfclcn- YJ* And be it further enabled by the authority afordarid, titled to bounty That, no buts or velfel (tja)l be entitled to the (aid bounty, or. ifthefiflion any par^ thereof, unlefs. upon, her return into any poet of )T«tt«d.&c.0’ Ireland for ber dbfeharge. tbe perfon pending to eMm.

bounty by virtue of this act, .(ball by himklf or his amgnee, make due entry of all fifli on board fuch veflel, in fuch tamn? ner as entries of imported goods are made according IP law; for which entry no fees (hall be paid, and futyc&to like penalties, in cafe,of over-entry as are incurred for (hoft or non-entry of goods imported by any law or ftatute novr

The twenty-fifth Tear of George HI.	477

in force in this kingdom ; and that the land-waiter, who in A. D;-purfuance of the warrant of the faid entry (haH dlfeharge I7^v the faid fifh, (hall certify the fame to the colle&or or comp- Chap. 35. trailer of fuchport, as alfo the condition of fuch veffel, and her lading, and whether the fifh Audi have been made up in bulk, or m barrels, with the quantity of each 5 and whether the fifh be well barrelled or packed, and not heaped together or royailed, except when to be landed for the exprefs purpofe of curing in the manner of Yarmouth, or what are called red herrings^ where houfes are built exprefly for that bufinefs, together with his obfervations thereon ; and (hall alfo take an account of the names of the matter and other perfons ’ on board, and certify the fame.

' VII. And fie it further ensued by tlfe authority afore- The mailer, laid, That nobufs or veffel fhall be entitled to the faid boun* at time of in-ty, or any part thereof, unlefs the matter thereof, at the time ▼o*cc» he (hall invoice the faid veffel, (hall make oath before the col- die oaths herein. Ic&or or comptroller of fuch port, who are hereby refpcc-tively empowered and required to adminifter the fame in the Allowing words, videlicet.

\p	mapper of the veffel called

the	do /wear, that the faid veffel has been

meafured by	of

and contains by his meafurement*	tons burden * that

the journal delivered by me is a true accousU of the tranfaQione f n board faid vtjjel* and kept by myfelf or one of my crew ; that faid veffel went out to fea with the number of men, and equipment pr fieribed by the ad of the t wenty fifth of King George * the third, entitled* An a& for the fuvther improvement and exteniion of the fifheries on the coafts of this kingdom, for the purpofe offi/hing and curing fijb only* and for no other pkr-pfe vohatfiever* and was not other wife employed from the day of	Utbe

day of	‘	and that I did

not take 0 ‘ /hip any man or men from any ether veffel* for the purpofe cf mujtering* or deceiving the officer appointed to examine or infpe i faid veffel* in order to obtain the bounty ; that the fwh on I card the faid veffel are made of Iri/h fail-cloth* and that during the time the faid veffel was on the jfhery, no fails fr f/il doth was pfed or ftored cn boa*d the faid veffel* except of the manufaSure and fabrick of this kingdom; neither did /, or any of my crew to my knowledge or belief* /hip or load on hard faid bufs or veffel* any contraband or prohibited goods or merchandize of any fort or kind wbatfoever* or any . goods or merchandize whatforver* with intent to run* or* fmuggleyor land* or import the fame without the payment of thf duties due and payable to his Mafifty thereon; nor have I* nor arty of them to my knowledge or belief* been concerned in

. any

47®	The twenty fifth Tear of George IN.

A* D.	any contraband or illicit trade what fever, mr run nor /mug*

*7®5*	fWany goods or merchandizes whatjoever, from the time faid

Chap. 35.	cr v^/, /V which we fo embarked for the yurpofi eifire-

7^/V, failed ; nor was faid vejfel ufed within faid time, fir any other dejign or view of pro lihan as fit forth in the find journal, nor has there been any bounty paid on faid vejfel, or for fjh taken by faid vejfel du ing this prefint year, and that 1 have on boa.d faid vejfel	barre's	of

and

tie ccs of	hundred weight of cured

ffft, and	tho	fand	of

in bulk, all ofthe taking of thij fijhing fiafen.

Said ccriifi-

^C*t™f!nitud	And	be it further enafted, That all faid federal

to the commit certificates, journals, and affidavits fhall be transmitted hr fiooers.	the colle&br or comptroller of the port, to the comnriffi-

onera of his Majcfty'a revenue, and the faid bounty fhall not be paid until they be fully fabsfied of the faithful dealings and tnmfa&iont of the laid matter and other perfons employed in fuch vefTels, with refpecfr to fuch voyage and fifhing; and the faid papers fhall be fo tranfmitted free of all duty of pottage* fo as they be fent in covers open at the fides, and fo as. the faid covers and papers do contain no other matter or thing therein, fave what is herein dire&ed, of 20*. per ton relates thereto.	■

in lieu of U»un- ' IX. Provided always, and in order to encourage the tak-ties herein to fng aiMj cuHng of fiffi, be it further ena&fcd, That nor more hrfby vQ*** ^lan^one-third of the faid bounty of thirty (hillings (hall be c. ji. A 6. * paid for* or on account of any fuch bufs or vcflcl, unlefs it (hall appear to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffibners afore* faid, that fifh was actually taken or brought by the feud vet fel, on the voyage for which (he claims, that the fame was landed, well cured, in found merchantable order ; in which cafe out of the remaining twenty (hillings, or two-thirds of the faid bounty which fuch veflel (hall be entitled to, the matter thereof (hall receive only two (hillings and fix pence per barrel, for every barrel containing thirty two gallant, andvfo in proportion for any fmailer quantity, wherein good, found, well cured, and merchantable herrings or mackerel (hall be. packed ; two (hillings and fix pence per barrel for every barrel of thirty two gattans, ard fo in proportion for a$y greater or letter quantity, wherein wet cod, ling, hake, haddocks* glutting or conger eel (hall be packed; and one dulling per hundred weight for every hundred weight of cured fifh; and'for herrings cured in bulk, at the rate of one (hilling and three pence for every barrel of thirty £wo gallons: provided always, that no greater bopnty (hall be paid, on any vefiel than for eighty tons, let her idmeafurpment be wbpt it may.

S	X.	Aad

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

479

X.. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That A. 0. the following diftricls fhall be appointed the general ren- 1785. dezvous for tnc veflels proceeding upon bounty, vtdeFuet^ Wa- Chap. 35. terford, Galway, Killybeggs, Koflea, or Ballyrain, or fuch place to the (outhward, between Waterford and Galway, f TnediftncU and to the northward between Waterford and Ballyrain, as rendez^u^of the commiffioncrs of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three of veflels proceed.

“	“	*	1	KoiiU-

power, and they are hereby authorized to fix the particular places ip each of the diftn&s aforefaid, which; fhall be appointed for the general rendezvous of the feafon, the names of which places fhall be entered at the foot of the certificate of admeafujjpments.

XI.	And whereas the fifheries on the north-weft coaft of this kingdom are carried on only in the late feafon of November, December, and January by boats, when the fifh refort to the feveral bays, inlets, and creeks: and whereas there is great reafon to fuppofe that the fhoals of herrings frequent the coafts much earlier, but from the want of vefleU of a certain (ize to prote& the boats in cafe of tempeftuous weather, the fifhermen are afraid to venture from under the fhel-ter of the head-lands : and whereas the encouraging of (hip-building on that part of the coaft, immediately contiguous to the feat of the fifheiy, would tend greatly to the improvement of the fame : be it enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That a bounty of thiee pounds per- tou fhall be paid out of 3]( ton ^ hit Majefty’s revenue, under the management of the coramif- perfon* who fionersof the revenue, to fuch perfon or perfons, or their huild any veffVl agents, as fhall hereafter build on the north-weft coaft be- ^cp w!uer * tween the flays of Broad-Haven and Ennifhowen-Head, any p bufs or decked vdTel fit for fifhing in deep water, not under the burden of twenty tons, nor upwards of fixiy tons burden, provided that fuch biifs or vefTel fhall be launclied previous to the thirty fir ft day of December, one thou&nd feven hundred and eighty eight: and provided always, that fuch. bufs or veflefc which fhall be built upon filch bounty* aforefaid, (hall not be entitled to receive any other bounty granted by this a& for two years next following the time at which fuch vefTel or bufs (hall be launched; and that no more than the fum of three thoufand pounds be paid by the faid commiffioners on account of fuch bounties in any one year.

XII.	Provided always. That the perfon or perfons in-tending to claim fuch bounty fhall notify to the qoUe£lpr of the diftrifit, fuch his, or their intention,, and before f>e given to the or they fhall be entitled to receive the bounty fliafl., produce collector, a certificate finular to that preferibed for veffels entering

upon

Digitized by v^ooQle

A. D.

1785. Chap. 35*

Security to be fciven.

Perfons who brings herrings, which (hall not be good, fweet, * See. and packed as herein, forfeit the fame.

Sec 26 O. 3. c. so. f. 4.

AVhen any futh veflel loft,, the bounty (hall be paid.

No bounty for any veflel*, except as herein. See 26 G. c. ac.f. 5.

• The tuientyffth Tmr of George III.

upon the bounty, and figned by the infpe&or or furveyorof the diftrift.

XIII.	And provided alfo, That the perfon or perfons churning fuch bounties (hall become bound with two fuificient fe-curities in the penalty of fuch a funi as (hall be equal to tre-ble the value of fuch bounty as he (hall receive or be entitled to, conditioned that the faid veflel for which he (hall receive fuch bounty -fhall be employed in the fifheries on the faid coaft during one of the (idling feafons in each of the two years next following the time at which fuch bufs or veflel (hall be launched; and that in cafe of the lofoof faid veffd, the faid fura (hall be refunded.

XIV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall bring into any port, haven, or creek of this kingdom, any herrings which (hall not be good, fweet, feafonable, and meet for man’s meat, or which (hall not be packed in barrels, or in bulk regularly and in layers, and not heaped together, unlefs the fame (hall be landed for the exprefs purpofe of fmoaking, where houfes are built ex-prtfsly for that purpofe, in the manner of Yarmouth, commonly called red herrings, and (hall offer the fame to be fold, then all and every perfon or perfons, owners thereof, being convi&ed thereof before the chief magiftrate or collector of fuch port, haven, or creek, or any juflice of the peace, (hall lofe and forfeit the fame, and fuen part of (aid fi(h that is not good, fweet, and feafonable, (hail be thrown into the fea, and the reft (hall be forfeited for the ufe of the poor.

XV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when any veflel on her fifhing voyage (hall founder at fea, or by diftrefs and hardfhip of weather be forced on fhore and wrecked, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioncrs of his Majefty’s revenue to order payment of the faid bounty to the owners of faid veflels, or ia cafe of their being loll to the legal reprefentatives of faid owners.

XVI.	And whereas contrary to the intent of (aid a&s, bounties have been fraudulently obtained by perfons not re-fi<}ent in this kingdom, and who therefore cannot be punifh-ed for frauds pra&ifed in the obtaining faid bounties, or for offences committed againft the laws made for the encouragement of the Irifli fifheries; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no bounty (hall be paid for or in refpe& of any veflel, the whole of which vefTel (hall not be made appear to the fotisfo&ion of the coirtmiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue, to have been for (ix months before foiling on her fifhing voyage really, and bona fidc^ the property of one or more owner or owners having their known and fettled place of refidence for them and their families in this kingdom, fix xRonthf aft leaft before fuch time of the failing of laid veflel,

*	unlefs

The ttuenty-fifth Tear of George III.

iinlcfs it (hall appear to faid commiflioncrs that fuch veffel has been built in this kingdom, within the faid time of fix months by fuch owner oi owners, refident as aforefaid within this kingdom.

XVII.	And whereas great frands have been committed A.41MJW, by the owners of veflels, which are not entitled to the boun- owners makiitg ty, in making fraudulent bills of fale, and in carrying on fraudulent bill*

2 contraband trade of fait and other commodities, under hcrei pretence of carrying on the fifhery : be it enadled by the as crciB‘ authority aforefaid, That all bills, bonds, contract", or af-

fignments of or for any (hip or veflcl, or any part of a fhip or vefill, that may have received or demanded bounty in confequence of this adf, fhall be, and are hereby declared null and void to all intents and purpofes, as far as it relates to the perfon making fuch fale, where it fha!l be made appear that there was any agreement or intention of reafiuming the property of the faid veflels.

XVIII.	And'be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, chief officer That the matter or chief officer of all veflels whatfoever, not of any vcffcl fitted out on the bounty, and which fliall refort to fifli, or not fitted out purcliafe li(h, in any bay, haven, creek, or inlet, between on |he bounty,

t .1 1	11	1	1	1 r	r	I	n r	i	mail £1VC DOtlCC

head-land and head land, of any part of the coatt ot the conn- to regifler tb* ty of Donegal, (hall, within twenty-four hours after her fame, &c. arrival, give notice to regitter the faid vcflel with the infpec-tor of the diftrict, or furveyor of the port ordiftridt where no infpedlor is appointed, and fliall make and fubferibe the following oath, which oath the infpe&or of the diftrief, or furveyor, is hereby empowered to adminifter.

1 A. B. do /vs ear, that the ^' Jf ‘ to neshich 1 bcl.ng, is* called ‘ Oath.

the	cf	ton

burthen, belt-grig to	port,	in

s,	matter *	fatr.en,

aid that I will It cbeJi.tr ft, and as far as in me lies, >jb 'tgt tny ere tv to be obedient to tb* orders of tie inf friers, and tb: rrgiiLtlions prcfceil ed hy the /ever a! uts of Parliament jar ihe (u.ql;ngenunt ij tic//series.

Frauds hlr

And in cafe faid matter, or chief officer fhall negledt ^cplcaing (• or refufe to regitter the faid veflel, and to take the afore* to ^°» Pcna'tX faid oath, fuch matter or chief officer, proof being made 20 * on oath before the infpeetor or furveyor, of his having (hot his nets, or receiving on board any fifli, fhall forfeit twenty pounds ; which regiiHy lhall be duly returned to thecom-miffioners of his Majefty’a revenue monthly, during the fifli-ing feafon.

XIX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That InhaHtart* it fliall and may be lawful for the inhabitants of this king- 9^/ 1kW,,^ore»

Vo.. VII.	H	!,	*£

till- act.

__ m . ,

Digitized by

Google



The iiventy-jifth Tear of Geoige III.

dons, at all times and feafons of the year when they (hall think proper, fubjedt however to the feveral regulations con* tained in this ad, fieely to fifti for, take, and buy from filbcr-men, ard cure any herrings, mackerel, cod, and ling, or other forts of white fifh in all and every part of the Teas, creeks, and bays wheteforver luch fifh are to be found* or can or may be taken on the coafls of this kingdom, fare only in fuch places as aie referved by the infpedors for the prefervation cf the fry, and fern the be.ter order and regulation of the fifheiyj and that no other perfon or perfoas, except fuch infpedters, fhnll, under any pretence whatfoever, urefume to obilrud or hinder any perfon or perfons from fifiiing in the places afortfaid ; nor (hall any perfon prrfume to demand or receive any dues, fums of money, or other confide ration whatfoever, from the inhabitants of this kingdom, for the ufe of any ports, harbours, or wafte (hcr«.s, on the coafts of this kingdom, except for the payment of A-ch hrrbcur or pier duties as are and by law ought to be demande 1 for (h’ps, vefth, and boats in piers and harbours, which are built and artificially made ; and that every perfon or perfons fo offending, {hall, for every fuch offence forfeit the flint of twenty pounds, to be recovered and levied as other forfeitures are levied by this ad.

XX.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall be con It rued to extend to the giving a power to enter upon or ufe the demefne grounds, gardens, or park of any g.ntlernan, without leave having been previoufly obtained for that ptp-pofe.

Prtfont corn- XXI. And be it further ena<fted, That if any perfon or c- perfons do prefume to counterfeit, erafe, or alter any certificate or cocket by this aft directed to be made, or (hall ufe any fuch certificate or cocket, knowing the fame to be fo counterfeited, enfed, or altered, to obtain any of the faid bounties, fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit one hundred pounds penalty, and InfFer twelve months imprifonment.

XXII* A*ndbe it further enisled by the authority aforc-f?id, That for an encouragement to all perfons whatfoever, as well bodies politick and corporate, ns others, who (hail engage in the faid lifhcrtes, there (hall be paid out of his Majesty's revenue, under the management of the eornir.ifiioncrt of the revenue, a bounty of two (hillings and ten pence two-thirds for every barrel containing thirty two gallons, and fo in proportion for any (mailer quantity, wherein good, found, and well cured white herrings or mackerels (hall be peeked, upon the exportation thereof tg any parts beyond the fens, except to Gtcnt Britain and the Ifie of Man, and a bounty of one (lulling1 arid ten pence three farthings fm every barrel of herrings cured after the manner of Yarmouth, and Commonly calkJ red herrings, upon the exportation

thereof:

No* fo cr/^r * ithout leave.

it* eiin

11 OlJCIt

herein.

as

herein, to be P‘>S'l on o po't-UV v> tl! - et.' i*«l > firings, lug, Sec. **

Digitized _

Google



Owners of

The twenty-fifth Teat of George III.

thereof: and a bounty of one (hilling and one penny for every barrel of clean (hotten red herrings containing thirty two gallons, upon the exportation thereof; a bounty of five (hillings and five pence for every fix fcore of ling or cod taken on the coafts of this kingdofh, upon the exportation thereof: a bounty of three (hillings and three pence for every fix fcore of hake, haddock, glaring, or otherwife, co^-fi(h, and coDger eel, taken on the coafts of this kingdom, upon the exportation thereof; a bounty of two (hillings and two pence for every barrel containing thirty two gallons, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, wherein well cured cod, ling, hake, haddock, glafling, or conger eel,

(hall be packed upon exportation thereof; a bounty of three pounds per ton for oil extra&ed from whales, and three pounds per ton for the oil extrn&ed from other fifh taken on the coafts of this kingdom, and manufa&ured therein; a bounty of four pounds for every hundred weight of all fins of whales, commonly called whalebone, taken on the coafts of this kingdom, and manufadured therein.

XXII I. And be it further cnafted by the authority afore-faid. That the owners of fuch fifh as (hall be taken accord- fifh taken ac-ing to the direftions of this a&, {hall on making a due en- cording to thi§ try at the cuftom-houfe, and (hipping the fame for exporta- enuv makc^th tion, depofe on oath the port they are defigned for, and (hall 0f tjjC alfo become bound with two fufScicnt fureties unto his Ma- figned for, ftc. jefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, in the penalty of fuch fum as (hall be equal to treble the bounty on the tonnage of his vefTel intended by this adt, and alfo treble the value of fuch bounties as he or they (hall receive or be entitled to by virtue of this a&, conditioned not to re-land the fifh intended to be exported in any port, haven, or creek, or other place in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Ifie of Man, unlefs in cafe of diftrefs, which (hall be immediately made known to fome one or more of the officers of the cuftoms of the port neareft to where fuch veflel (hall be ftranded ; which bond the collector of the port is hereby required to take, and the faid bonds are hereby declared to be good and valid in the law for the fums refpe&ively contained therein, and (hall be in force for„ the fpace of three years againft the obligors therein mentioned, their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators.

XXIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- ^ny matter, fa'd, That if any matter or other perfon having charge of a vef- &c. who (hall felin w hich any fi(h (hall be exported, and a bounty claimed rclandfifhex-for the fame, (hall re-land, or permit or fuffer any fifh, or	jiftreftj

any part thereof to be re-landed in this kingdom. Great forfeits treble Britain, or the Ifie of Man, unlefs in cafe of a&ual diftrefs, value, 6cc-fuch matter or other perfon having charge of faid veflel, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch fi(h fo relanded 5. and every feaman or other perfon who (hall aftift m - re-landing the li h 2	lame,





gitized by

Google_

Irwi-v. t

When per-

Tlx twenty-fifth Tear of George IH.

fart|e, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds; faid penalties to be filed for, 'and recovered by the fame ways and means as penalties are recoverable by the aft of the fourteenth and fifteenth of Charles the fecond, commonly called the aft of excife

XXV. And whereas it would greatly facilitate the trade to tlie Well Indies, and be a mutual advantage to the Britiffi and Irilh fifheries, if a reciprocal liberty was granted to (lore fitch herrings, a3 are dellined for re-exportation : be it en-afted by the authority aforefaid, That fo foon as penniffion million obtained (hall be granted by the laws of Great Britain, for the entry ring” dutyfree	^crnngS,	duty	free, to be llored for re-exporta-

into England, tlon, that all Britiftl caught fifh entered from Great Britain, Jfcc.	(hall be.admitted duty free, provided bond lhall be given to

the colleftor, that the fame (hall not be confumed in this kingdom, in like manner as for other commodities entered for re-exportation.

XXVL And whereas it is reasonable, thjit a compenfati-on fhould be made for the duties paid on foreign fait con-fumed in the curing and re-packing fifli, intended for exportation : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* That upon the exportation of any fifh caught on the coafts of this kingdom, or within thirty-five leagues thereof, a drawback in the iifual way fliall be allowed of the duties that have been paid (haU bs allowed <pn the Portugal, Spauifh, or Mediterranean fait, which (hall be ufed in curing and re-packing fuch filh, due proof being fil'd made, that faid fifh was cured and re-packcd in the manner preferibed by this aft, and that faid fait had aftually paid his Majefty’s duties; provided that fuch allowance (hall not exceed the duty payable on one bufliel of fuch fait, for every barrel of herrings, mackerel, cod, ling, hake, haddock, glaf-fiiig, or conger eel, containing thirty two gallons, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefier quantity, and two pence for every hundred weight of dried fifli.

XXVII.	And. in order that the herrings may be properly cured, packed, and forted, and all bad, broken, and fhotten herrings feparated from the reft, and for preventing any frauds that may be attempted by claiming any of the aforefaid bounties, for any fifh earned to foreign markets, which have not been caught upon the coafts of this kingdom, within the distances herein before deferibed: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no owner or owners of any fuch fi(h (hall be entitled to any of the bounties aforefaid on exportation, unlels fuch fi(h for which fuch bounty (hall be claimed, (hall, before exportation, be proved by fufficient affidavits, made before the colleftor or other principal officer of fome port in this kingdom, or before tone one of the irifpeftors of the fifheries ; which oath the bid officer and officers, and infpeftors, are hereby empowered to 2	adminiftcr.

Upon exportation ot fifh caught on the coaioof Ireland. 6cc. a drawback of the duties paid upon fait, as herein,

Owner of fuch fifh not entitled to the bounties on export, utilcfs proved by affidavits to be caught on the coa|Uof'this kingdom.

Digitized

- )Ogl*

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

adminifter, to have been caught upon the coata of this kingdom, within the diftances herein before deferibed ; and that the herrings were cured with at lead a moiety of Spanifh, Portugal, or Mediterranean fait, or fait refined by three days boiling in barrels, troughs, vats, or other veflels, fo as to preferve the pickle, that if taken in June, July, Auguft, or September, they were falted within twenty four hours of the time of being taken, and within forty eight hours, if taken at any other time of the year; that they have been repacked not till after ten days from the firft cuting, and have been carefully forted, feparating the fhotten herrings from the others, and reje&ing all bad and broken herrings; and unlefs fuch owner or owners (hall have branded their name, and the quality of fuch herrings, diflinguifhing the full from the fhotten, upon the head of the barrel: and the laid collcc-ledlor, or other officer or infpector, (hall then certify under his hand, that the fnid fifh was firfl landed in, and then exported from fome port in this kingdom, in which certificate lhalibcfpecified the quantity and quality of the fifh fo exported ; which affidavit being fo made, and certificate given as aforefaid, the owner of fuch fifh fhall, on his performing all the other directions of this a£t, be entitled to, and paid the feveral bounties refpedtively given by the f^id act upon the exportation of the faid fifh.

XXVIII.	And whereas the feveral laws made for the regulation of the fifheries of this kingdom, have been frequently evaded, and arc in general rendered difficult to be carried into execution, by reafon that the perfons fubjeA to fuch regulations are ulually out at fea, and out of the reach of any magiftrate : therefore be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafiing of this a£l, k fhall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to appoint five infpe&ors, and fuch perfon or perfoqs fo appointed from lime to time, to remove and appoint others in his or their room, to fuperintend and infpe£l laid fifheries refpe&ivcly ; and in order to enforce and carry hi to effe&ual execution the feveral laws paded for the prefervation or improvement of faid fifheries, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed from time to time, to enter on board every vefTel fitted out for fifhing, and lying in any harbour, creek or haven of this kingdom, within head-land and head-land for the purpofc of purchasing fifh to cure, to examine and fee that all the feveral laws and regulations made, or to be made for the better prefervation and improvement of the faid fifheries be duly obeyed by all and every perfon or perfons concerned therein ; and upon any complaint made, or information given upon oath to faid peTfon or perfons refpedtively, which oath they and each

of

Chief governor empowered to appoint $ infpec-tort,

powqr of in-fpe&ori.



The twenty-fftb Tear of George III.

of them if and are hereby empowered to adminifter, againft any perfon or perfons relative to and for the punifhment of any offence which (hall be committed againfl faid laws, or any of them, to iffue a warrant or warrants againft the perfon or perfons fo complained of, or informed againfl, and to caufe fuch perfon or perfons fo complained of, or i lfonned againft, to be apprehended and brought before fnch perfon or perfons fo appointed to infpeA as aforefaid, by the captain or mailer of the veffel, if belonging to a (hip, or by the ikipper of the boat to which he belongs; and if it (haU appear to fuch infpe£lor or infpe&ors, by the teftimony upoa oath of fuch informer, or other witnefs or witneffes, that the perfon or perfons fo informed againfl, or complained of, (hall nave been guilty of the offende or offences with which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been fo charged, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons fo appointed to in-fj>e& as aforfcfaid, (hall by warrant under* his or their hand and fcal, caufe all and every the fine or fines to which faid offender or offenders is, or are, or fliall be liable, to be levied by diflrefs and fale of the goods of fuch offender, and for want of fuch diflrefs or payment, to levy fuch dilbrcfs upon the veffel or boat to which fuch offender belongs; and if the perfon or perfons fo complained againfl (hall abfeond, then the mailer or owner of fuch veffel, or the (kipper of fuch boat (hall appear before faid infpe6lor within twenty four hours after the fervice of notice to appear before him ; and if fuch mafler, owner, or (kipper (hall not fuffioiently exculpate himfelf by affidavit from being acceffary to the abfcond-lng of fuch perfon or perfons, in that cafe upon reprefenta-tion of the infpe&or to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, fuch mafler, owner, or (kipper, (hall forfeit twenty pounds, and the perfon fo abfeonding, (hall be for ever debarred from recovering any wages or (hare of fifh, to which he would have been otherwife entitled, by rea-fon of his being an hand, or one of the crew on board fuch veffel, as alfo all bounties to which he would otherwife have been entitled.

XXIX.	And in lieu of all fees, and in order to create a rvery oos taim- fund for defraying the expences neceffarOy incurred by fuch ty. annually infpc&or or mfpe&ors in performing faid duties, and for P?1!? owners maintaining boats for their ufe, be it enabled by the autho-fcls. Ang ** rity aforefaid, That a dedudlion of one fhtliiug fhall be made out of every twenty (hillings bounty money, which fhall be annually paid to the owners of all veffels to be employed in faid fifheries refpe&ively, and the faid one (hilling Hi the pound fo dedu&ed by the colleftor or other perfons paying (aid bounty money, (hall be handed over and paid^ to and for the ufe of fuch infpedtor or infpe&ors, in fuch

manner

is out of

The twenty-fifth Tear c/*George Ill-

manner and according to fuch diftribution as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the tiipc heing ihall from time to time think proper tQ dire&.

X <X. And in order to enforce due qbfervance of the duT ty and truft fo to be committed tp fuch infpeclor or infpec-tors, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tiiat every fuch infpeclor or inlpcftors fhall, previous to his enteiing into fuch office, take an oath to ^he import following, before one or more of his Mijelty’s commiffioners of cudoms and exdfe for the time being, viz. 44 That he will honefllv,, 44 faithfully, and impartially, without malice, favour, or af.

fctlion, and to the hell of his ability and judgment, per*; 44 form his duty in faid office/’ which path fuch commiffi-oncr or pommilfionera is, and are hereby empowered to adr minuter; and if fuch infpe&jr or infpeeVprs thull take any reward, fee, gratuity, or other con federation, from or on behalf of any p^rfon employed or concerned ip fuch fiiheriui, or any of them, or (hall wilfully afltft to conceal 6r connive

any fraud qr offence, contrary to the Jaws enabled in that behalf, fuch infpedqr or infpe£tors upon being found guilty of fuch offence, by verdict qf a jury upon a trial to be had in the county wherein, if upon land, or next adjoining to the place if at fea, where fuch offence fhall be committed,. ffiall be fined the fum of fifty pounds fqr every fuch offence, and in default of payment thereof, (hall be imprifoned for any time at the difcretjqn of the judge, not exceeding iix moitth3, and fur ever rendered incapable of holding fuch office.

4«7 A. D.

^*5*

lufpc&or* to take the oath herein.

Oath, Sec.

0

XXXI.	And in order more cffe&ually to Secure the per- N nf ol*.

formance of the Several requiiites preferibed for the obtain. fcncicit returned ing the bounty, Sind tq enforce the regulations for the better	vl*

preferv^tion and improvement of the faid fiflierles ; be it en-	*

a^led by the authority afurefaid, That the faid infpe&or*

(ball return to the comroiffconers of his Mujefty^ revenue of cqftoms ai\d exqife, the name of the mailer or owner of any ▼efTel, or of any mariner, or other perfon belonging to any vcffel who (hall be convicted of any offence which (hall bz committed againfl faid law*, or any of them, and the amount of the fines imppfed and levied, and the owner of fuch vcf* fel, if convi&ed of fuch offence, or if refufing to deliver up any mariner belonging tq his vcffel, charged with an offence, (hall be deeiped incapable of receiving any boquty for fuch veflel, and the mailer filial be fined in a penalty q£ twem ty pounds.	'	,

XXXII.	And whereas the perfons concerned in the faid InfpeSor? of fifherics have frequent oqcafion to make protefls during the fifl**nes may poiitirtuancc of the (aid fifhing feafon, and fuffer great in con- IXpi

venience, fame mariner at nutaiie-, See.

Names of all iilhimj veffch to be cut or bi diul-ed on the tranfum, Sec.

Colic dor, «rc. to deliver to the matter of each veffd a blank journal book.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

veniencc, becaufe there is tio notary publick refident on any part of faidcoaft: be it therefore ena&ed, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral inlpe&ors of the faid filheries to receive and make protefts in the fame manner as the fame are now ufnally piadc, or received by or before publick notaries within this kingdom ; and that fnch protefts fo made and received (hall be good and valid, and of as high authority 2s thofe now ufually made before publick notaries, and (hall be of equal credit, and in like manner received as evidence in all courts of juft ice, aril that each and ever)” of the faid in-fpedtors (hall, and may have, and ufc a feal of office, whereby to authc iticate fuch protefts as aforefaid, and (hall alfo be entitled to have and receive for fuch proteft fo made before, or by him, the fum of eleven (hillings and four pence halfpenny, and no more; and alfo that it (hall and maybe lawful for the faid infpeCtors to adminifter fuch oaths as are or may be nccrija ryto be made by the feveral perfons who (hall jpake protefts before them.

XXXIII.	And to the end, that the veffels employed, in the fiiheries of this kingdom may be the more readily known, and the mafters and crews of fuch veffels more eauly brought to punifiimcnt for any offences committed by them, or any of ‘them againft this act, or the other acts made for the encouragement of laid fisheries ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That before any perfon (hall be permitted to enter a vefftl in any cpftom-houfe for faid fifhe-ries, the owner r.f fuch veffcl, or his agent, (hall caufe the name of faid veffel to be cut or branded in charaders at lead five inches long, and one quarter of an inch deep, on the tranfum of faid veffel, and the fame, as well as the port to which (he belongs, to be painted in large charaders with white lead and oil on the quarters of faid veffel, and the colledor (hall caufe a number to be added to fuch name, which number (hall be inferted in the entry", and pointed in like manner on faid veffel, and the number and port to which (he belongs (ball be painted on the boats and buoys belonging to her, which names and number (hall not be obliterated, but kept fair and legible during the time faid veffel (hall remain on faid fifhery ; and in cafe faid names and number (hall not be kept fair and legible as aforefaid, the mailer or chief officer of faid veffel (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds ftcrling, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other penalties in this ad,

XXXIV.	And for the more regular keeping the journals of the proceedings of fuch ftthing veffels ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefiaid, That at the time any veffel is entered for faid fifheries, the collcdor or comptroller

(la

i

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Year of George III.

fball deliver to the mailer or chief officer of faid vef. fel a blank journal book, figped by the (aid colled or or comptroller, and ruled under diftind heads, in which faid matter or Home one of the crew above the age of fourteen years, ihall enter an account of the proceedings of faid veffel, the foundings upon the coaft and fiftring banks, the quantity of fiih taken by faid teffd, and the quantity brought, and the times when refpeftively ; and faid matter or other perfbn as afordaid ihall make oath, that every proceeding contained in faid journal book (unlefs the fame was immediately entered therein) \yas copied from the rough journal kept by him, and tranferibed from thence into faid book within eight days frqpi the time fuch proceeding had happened.

XXXV.	And to the end that it may be known how and in what manner faid veiTcls are employed during fuch timesfa**** of the year as they are not on their fiihing voyages, and the *f0rcfaid jour-commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue may from thence re- nal, prefer ano-ceive fatisfa&ion that they were not engaged during fuch *hcr, wherein, times in any fmuggling or illicit trade : be it ena&ed by the

authority afbrefaid, That the owner or matter of every veffd who (hall claim the bounty given by the laws for the encouragement of the fifheries of this kingdom, ihall, to the journal which lie is required to keep of his proceedings during his fiihing voyage, prefix a journal, to be verified upon oath in like manner with the before mentioned principal journal, containing on account of the voyages (he has made fince the time of her lail fifiiing vqyage, the ports from and to which ihe has failed, and the cargoes fhe has refpe&ively been freighted with during faid voyages, and on whofe account, and to whom coniigned; and that no veffel ihall be entitled to receive bounty a fecond year, unlefs the maf-ter or owner of fuch veil'd ihall keep faid iaft mentioned journal.

XXXVI.	And whereas fratids are frequently compnitted No two fife-

by entering veiTels of large tonnage ou the bounty, and fob- ing veffeb to (litutiug veiTels of lefs tonnage, but bearing the fame name,	*****

to proceed to the life ing ground: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no owner or owners of fiihing veffejs ihall

be permit ted to enter a veifel ypon the bounty, bearing the fame name with any other veffeta already entered upon the bounty in the fame diitri&, or with any other veffel of the fame name, in hU or her poiMion.

XXXVII.	A^id for the better afeertaimng the quantity of Every veffel herrings taken and bought; be it further enabled by the au- barrel* for thority aforefaid. That every ycffel, at the time of her being meafering the entered for the fifheries, ihall hpyr on board two half barrels, fife.

each containing fixteen gallons, with which (hall be meafured the herrings taken and opught by her, and the entry in the

journal

Owners, fee.

A. D.

1785.

Chap. 35.

No boat to proceed to the N. W. fiiWie*, mnlefs the name of the flapper be cut or painted on the flcrn, flee.

0

Shipper’s oath.

The twenty fifth Tear of George Ill-

journal of the quantity of herrings taken and bought, (hall be by the number of barrels and half barrels, and not by tale or count.

XXXVIII.	And whereas a jrreat number of fmall boats proceed every year to the fifheries on the north-weft coafU of this kingdom, and from the irregular manner in which they (hoot their nets, the fifhery is greatly injured, and the nets of other fifhermen are much damaged, and the offenders cannot be dileorered, fo as to be brought to jufticc; be it further ena*ted by the authority aforefaid. That no boat (hall proceed to faid fisheries, unlcfs the name of the dripper, and number of the boat, is cut or painted in large chara&ers with white lead and oil, on the ftern of faid boat, and the number on the oars and buoys belonging to her; which boat, with her number, and the name of the dripper, (hall be regiftered with the infpe&or of the diilricl therein faid (kipper (hall refide; and in cafe any Inch boat (hall (hoot any net, or take any fi(h, without having the (kipper's name, and her number parted, and being rcgiftcr-ed as aforefaid, the (kipper of faid boat (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to he recovered and applie4 in the fame manner a3 the other penalties in this a&; and fuch infpec-tor, with whom fuch boats (hall be fo regiftered, (hall return an account, of the fame to the colle&or of the dif-tridl in which fuch infpc&or (hall refide, within one month after fuch boats have been regiftered as aforefaid, in order to be tranfmhted to the commiffioners of his Majcfty'i revenue.

XXXIX.	And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, That each (kipper (hall take the following oath ; which oatt\ the infpe&or is hereby empowered to adminifter.

I A- B. do fwear, that 1 'will be obedient to, and as far ai in me lies, oblige my crew to be cl edit nt to the orders of the in-Jpeelers, and the regulations preferibed by the alls of Parliament for the encouragement of the fijherits ; that I uuill dij-co*ver any of the cre w if the boat to which I belong, who (hall he guthy of cutting the nets, or otberwife injuring the property cf the other ffhers, and that 1 will not myfelf he guilty of the like.

XL. And whereas the harbours on the coaft of this kingdom have been materially injured by the irregular manner wherein veflels reforting to the fifheries throw out and un-lbNafttobe lade their ballad: belt further enaded by the authority yfciwnout aforefaid. That no veffel (hall throw out or difeharge her whercmfj^&or* ballaft on any part of the faid coaft, except at fuch places •PI*®*, c-	aboTC	JqW water mark) as (hall be dire&ed and appointed

foam time to time, by the infpe&ors of the fifheries within their refpedive diftri&s, and the maftcr, or chief officer of

any

' Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

my fiftiing veffel, or the {kipper of any fifhing boat, who (hall be convi&ed of having thrown oat, or difeharged anjr ballad, contrary to the directions of this ail, fiiall forfeit tffe fura of five pounds fterling, for every fucli offence, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other penalties in tins a& are made recoverable and applicable.

XL I. And whereas the quantity of fifh is diminiftied by the methods of fifiling, which deftroy the fpawn and fry of filh : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, that no drag-	of

net or other fca-net, which hath a mafii of lefs than three inches and a half from knot to knot, fiiall be made ufe of r^e ^ d in catching any kind of fuh (except herrings, pilchards, inches, J:om fprats, fhrixnps and prawns, and finall fiicll filh for bait) up- kn>tt<> on any parts of the coafts of this kingdom, or within any	herein,

of the bays, harbours, rivers, or creeks thereof, nor fiiall any Falfe or double bottom cod or pouch, or any other net* though of legal lize, be placed upon, or behind the other, in order to take and deftroy finall fifh j and if any perfon or perfons {hall make ufe of any drag-net, brother fea-net, which h?s a mafii of lefs than three inches and a, half from knot to knot, in catching any kind of fifh (except herrings, pilchards, fprats, ftiritnps, prawns, and fmail ftieiJ fifh, for bait) on any parts of the fea coafts of this kingdom, or within any of the bays/harbours, rivers, or creeks thereof, (hall place any falfe or double-bottom cod or pouch, or any other net, though of legal fize, upon or behind any other, in order to take and beftroy lmall fifh, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thertof convinc'd, upon his or their appearance, or default after fummons, before one or more juft ice or juft ices of the peace of the county, or irt« fpedlor of the diftrift where fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, hath or have their ufual place of abode, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, which oath fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or infpe&or, is and are hereby empowered to adminifter, or by confelfion of the party offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of forty ftijJJings, to be levied by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or iu-fpe&or, before whom fuch offender (hall be convi&ed, by diftrefs and falc of the goods of fuch offender, the one moiety thereof to the perfon who (hall inform and profecute, for the fame, and the other moiety to go and be difpofed of to the ufe of the poor of the parifti where fuch offender lives ; and in cafe qo fufficient diftrefs or diftreffes can or may be had, whereont to levy the faid fuiq of forty {hillings, that then the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, or infpe&or, fhall and may by warj^nt under his or jtheir hands and feals, commit fqch perfon or perfons to the Common gaol of the county or place where fuch offender

5	{hall



_

/Q1 oolc

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

(hail be convicted, there to remain for any time, not exceed-mg thirty chys, unlefs fuch offender (hall fooner pay the penalty fo forfeited, upon payment whereof he (hall be dif-charged forthwith.

XLI1 And whereas the (boats of herrings are frequently frightened from the entrance of the bays and creeks, by yefTels mooring and (hooting their nets in improper places, and by laying long lines for taking of cod and ling, acrofs the entrance of bays and creeks, and other irregularities: be Ho Teffels re- it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no veflels refort-fjftinE	kig t0 hfhery on the north-weft coafb of this kingdom,

___cr'**> (hall moor, or (hoot their nets in any places, which (lull be

man moor, or r . ...	.	.	.	_	_	_	r	_

Iboot their nets, forbidden by the mfpetiors, nor (hall any perfon (hoot any Jcc. a» herein, oet, or any long line for taking of cod, ling, and other fob, at any time, nor in any place which (hall be forbidden by Penalty 10L	fold infpe&or, under a penalty of twenty pounds, to be le-

vied in like manner as the other penalties by this ad directed are appointed to be levied.

The ftavesof XLltl. And whereas a great abufe is committed in mak-barreU for ex-	ing of barrels for white herrings of infufficient timber or

porting white	(laves, to the very great prejudice of the trade of this king-

not beSefithan	dom: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no

3-Stbsof an	perfon or perfons (hall buy or fell any barrel or barrels for

'inch in thick-	packing of white herrings for exportation, or (hall pack op

rdto have'nT	herrings in any barrel or barrels for exportation, unkfc

hoops, and be *ke fame be made of (laves not left than threoeighths of aa branded as here- inch in thickncfs, and free from fop, and each barrel bound ia;	with fixteen fufficient hoops, and branded on the head and

fide with the maker’s name, and the place of hts abode, with thy number of gallons which each barrel contains ia figures, and before fuch barrel or barrels Audi be examined examined by in- fey the infpe&ors of the fi(heries in their feparate dt&rids, ^c^or» &c* or by a publish officer, to be appointed for that porpofe by every city, town-corporate, or {dace, which are already empowered by law to choofo or appoint weigh-mafters, which officer to be appointed, or his deputy, and which infpc&on (hall be, and are hereby empowered and required to examine fuch barrels, and upon finding them conformable to this aft, the fokl officer, or his deputy, or the foid hrfpe&or or ra-fpc&ors, are hereby required and dire&ed to brand on the fide of fuch barrel ot barrels the firft letter of his chriftian name, and his fumame at length, with the name of the city, town-corporate, or place where fuch barrel or barrels Packing her- (hall be examined as aforefoid; and ixt cafe any perfon or ^OOTto'this Pcr^onft pack, or caufe to be packed up, any herrings 2Tp«akyac^ *°J barrel or barrels, made contrary to the dire&ions of this a&, or not branded as is hereby directed, the perfon or perfops, in whofe cuftody any herrings (hall be found packed

up



Digitized by Google

The Uwentyjifth Year of George III,

up. for exportation in any barrel or barrels, contrary to the directions of this act, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, which forfeiture (hall be recovered and applied in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes, as the other forfeitures herein before mentioned are directed to be recovered and applied.

XLIV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That every weigh-mafter and infpeftor (hail have and be paid for every barrel which he fhall examine and brand as aforefaid, the fum of one farthing, and no more, to be paid by the perfon or perfons having the property in fuch barrel; and in cafe of refufal to pay the fame, fuch weigh-mafter or weigh-mafters, infpeftor or iofpeftors who fhall refpeftively examine and brand fuch barrel or barrels as aforefaid, fhall or may detain fuch barrel or barrels until fuch payment is made to him or them refpeftively, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

XLV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-laid, That no nets fhall be (hot or wet for the taking of herrings in the day time under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered againft the owner or owners of fuch nets, or of the faid bulk or vefTel, and to be levied by diftrefs and i’ale of his, her, or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of the infpeftor or iufpcftors of the fifheries; or if there fhall be no infpeftor, then by warrant of a juftice of the peace for the county wherein the party or parties do rc-fide, and before whom the offence fhall be proved by the confeilion of the party accufed, or by the oath of two credible witnefTc8; which (aid penalty, when recovered, fhall be applied in fuch manner, and to fuch ufe? as the other forfeitures herein before mentioned are to be applied.

XL. VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon who fhall drudge for or take oyfters in any part of the lough of Carlingford, between the bar of Carlingford and the caftle of Narrow Water, from and after the firft Saturday in the month of March, until the firft Monday in the month of November, and in any other part of this kingdom, between the firft day of May and the twentieth day of Auguft in any year, fhall forfeit the drudge net or other machine with which the fame fhall be drudged for or taken, as alfo the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as the other forfeitures and penalties in this aft mentioned.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (ball extend, or be conftrued to extend to reftrain, prevent, or hinder any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, who fhall from time to time be deputed or appointed thereunto by the

chief

Infpctf or to receive for each barrel branded.

No net to be fhot or wet for taking herring* in the day time, penalty id.

Perfon* who drudge for or take oyfters at the times herein mentioned, forfeit 40s. dec.

' Nothing herein to hinder any officer to fcarch for good* not duly entered.

:ed'by UooQle

494

The twenty fifth Tear of George III.

Di(putrs between ;ierfuiift cr.^jgCil in the £ihtri^ h, See. may Ik deter-nunetl hy *»>y jullue of the |>ra<.c lot the or >fi-t\<cn>r*% &.C.

chief commiffionert of the excifc for the time being, or the major part of them, from going on board and entering into any (hip, bufs, or other veflel whatfoever, as well by mght. as by day, arriving and coming into any port, harbour, haven, creek, or other places, and to continue there on board until fuch (hip, bufs, or other veflel (hall be fully unladen and difeharged, or again reloaded in purfuance of the power* mentioned in this ad, but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch officer and officers to enter and go into any fuch fhip, bufs, or other veflel, to feize, furvey, and make fearch for any goods or commodities, either put on board any fuch (hip, btift or other veflel, or taken out and carried away, or intended to he earned away without due entry firft had and made of the fame, or payment of the duties due and payable thereon, and to feize, attach, and carry away the lame in the fame manner to all intents and purpofes as may be done by any law, ad or ads of parliament now in force in this kingdom ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwiiliflandi.rr.

XLVIII. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That any difputes or differences which (hall or may arife between the per Tons engaged on hoard any of the vef-fels employed in the fifheries of this kingdom, and the owner or matter thereof, touching any demands which fuch perfon may have againtt fuch owners or matters for or on account of their wages, or (hares of the earnings of fuch vefTels, where fuch demand does not exceed five pounds, and alfo all fuch complaints of fuch owners or matters againtt any of the perrons or hands engaged on board faid veflels for and on account of their nbfenting or withdrawing themfelves from their duty and fervice on hoard faid veflel, (hall and may be determined hy any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county where fuch difputes arife, or by the infpedors, who are hereby empowered to give fuch and the like relief, and by fuch and the like remedies and means, and to inflifr fuch and the like penalties and punifhments as the faid juf-ticcs of the peace are empowered to do in all cafes of difputes between matters and fervaots, or artificers and their

employers, by all or any of the laws now in being.

Pcndry on	XLIX. dnd be it further enaded by the authority afore-

iwotfii.fctalfc'y,	That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully, falfely,

and corruptly (wear, or make oath, touching or concerning any of the matters hereby, or by the faid in part recited ad dirc&ed, to he verified by oath, qf (hall corruptly procure, or fuborn any perfon or perfons to fwear falfely in, touching or concerning any of the matters aforefaid, every perfon be-ing legally convided of fuch offence or offences, by verdid, or upon his or their conftffion, (hall incur all firch pains, pe-

nalties.

Digitized by Google

The twenty fifth Year of George III;	4.95

nalttes, forfeiture!, and disabilities, as ptrfons who commit A, D. er corruptly procure or fuborn any witicfs or witneffes to 1785-commit wilful or corrupt perjury, are nov fubje£l to by any Chap. 35. law or ftatute now in force in this kingdem: provided, That	*~*~*mJ

no perfon or perfons (hall be convicted of any offence againft	k

this ftatute, unlefs the profecution be commenced within three calendar months after fuch offenct fhall be alledged to be committed.

L. Provided alfo, That it may and flail be lawful for any perfont con-perfon convifted before any juft ice of th? peace, or infpec- vifted, may ap-tor, of any offence againft this ftatute, to appeal to the next P**!*0 the**-general quarter fefflons of the peace, to be held in and fot Jc^aon^uarUr the county, or jurifdi&ion where the cffence fhall be committed, fuch perfon fo convi&ed enteriig into recognizance before fuch juflices, with two fufficimt fecurities, to be bound in the fum of ten pounds each that the perfon fo committed fhall Jtppear at fuch quarter fifiions, and abide by the judgment of the court; and in cafe fuch judgment of the faid juflices fhall be affirmed at the (aidquarter leflions, fuch two fureties or one of them, fhall paf over and above the forfeiture adjudged by fuch juflice, tie ufual and legal fees unto fuch of the officers of the court is fhall be entitled to them, and fhall moreover pay unto the prpfecutor, over and above the forfeiture adjudged by fuch juflices, fuch cofts and reafonable charges as the court fhall think fit, to make amends to fuch profecutor for the tiouble and expence he fhall be at in attending fuch appeal.

LI. A nd whereas by an a& paffed in the twenty-firft and Recital of aft twenty-fecond years of his prefent Maiefty, entitled, j4n ad ai & saG.' j. to explain and amend the ads for the encotragement of the ffher es of this kingdom, and for promoting th\ good ends prbpofed by faid laws, it is enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all perfons who are fei^ed in be-tail, or for life, with remainder to their iffue, of and in any lands that lie commodious to the fifheries on the coafts of Donegal, Sligo, Mayo, county of Galway, and county of the town of Galway, to demife to any perfon or perfons who flail covenant and agree within the fpace of five years from the commencement of fuch leafe, to lay out not lefs than ten pounds in building on the fame, any quantity of ground not exceeding five acres to any one perfon or perfons for any term of years, or for the term of three lives, with covenant of renewal for ever, on payment of half a year’s rent by way of fine for each renewal, at the hlghefl and beft rent that can be got (or the fame, without any fine to be taken for making fuch leafe: provided fiich ground fo demifed, be not more than two miles 4iftant from the fea fhore, and be not part or parcel of the demefne ufually held and occupied, with the manfion-houfc

\

Digitized by

Google

496	The	tmtniyffllb	Tear	of	George	I^l.

of the owner of fa id lands; and provided faid demife be made by indenture, under hand and Tea!, and duly executed in the pretence- of two crdibla witnefles, and that the tenant do execute a counter-put thereof, in'like manner, under hand aad fea), in the fre&nce of two credible witnefies: and whereas the numberof acres fpecified by faid ad, hath been found infuiftcient to induce perfons to fettle and make ne-cellary buildings anc improvements for the better carrying on the fifheries and accommodating themfelvcs and families, and foch perfon and perfons whom they Ihall employ in and about the curing aib preferring of the fi(h ; be it therefore evaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for alland every perfon and perfons feized in fee-tail, or for life, vith remainder to their ifiue, as in faid recited ad is mentioied, to demife for the purpofe herein be-fore, and in the faidrecited ad mentioned, any quantity of ground not exetedinf thirty acTefe to any perfon or perfons §0 acfu,y&c. for any term for yean, or for the term of three lives, with covenant of renewal br ever, fubjed to the limitations »and pruvifions heretofore aid in the faid ad recited 5 and in cafe the leffoe or leflees, or hie or their reprefentatives, IhaD duly fulfil their covenant for budding as aforefaid, the pre-mifles granted and demifed by fuch leafe (hall be held and enjoyed by fuch tenant, lie heirs and afligns, according to the nature of the tenure, totwithftanding any limitation in any will or fetdement reftruning fuch leflor from making fuch leafe as aforefaid.

Bounties paid 1*H. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That as herein. all the fevers) bounties by this ad given and allowed on conforming to all the fev</al regulations herein mentioned, fhall be paid for and during the fpace of four years from the firft day of February, sue thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Aft to amend an Aft faffid in the Twelfth Tear of His late Majefly George the Fuji, entitled, An Aft for better re-gnlai’mg the Office of Sheriffs, and for afeertainmg their Fees% and the Fees for fuing their Patents, and faffing their Ac-coants ; and for extending the Provi/ions thereof

Perfons feized of bods as in fmidaa, may demife any quantity of

Recital of it G. I. c. 4.

XTtT HEREAS by an ad palled in the twelfth yearof V V h>* late Majefty King George the firft, entitled, An aftfor rise better regulating the office offlxriffs, and for of certaimsig their fees, and the fees for fmng out their patents, and faffing tbeir accounts, it h atnopg other things goaded. That

the

Th« oaths

The frwentj* fifth Year of Georg® HT.

the oaths therein particularly fet forth, (hall be refpc&ivdy taken by every fherifF, fub fherifF, or under fherifF, and that the faid feveral oaths fo appointed to be taken by the high fherifF, fub fherifF, and under fherifF, (half be given and ad-miniftered by fuch commiffioners as fhali be named and authorized to adminifter the fame to the high fherifF in the county, when, and (o often as a commiffion or dedimus (hall be fued forth of the proper court for that purpofe, or by the barons of the court of* Exchequer, or one of them, when the fherifF fhali defire to be fworn, in town : and whereas it often happens through negleft, that filch oaths are not ad-minifrered or taken, to the great prejudice of the publick: therefore to prevent fuch negle&s for the future, be it ena6t-	crifi*

cd by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the arc by laid aft advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and ordciedto take, commons in Pariiament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That tjhe faid oaths fhali hereafter be adminiflered	ofTte

by the barons of the court of Exchequer, or any of his Ma- exchequer, &c. jelly's judges of the courts of King’s bench, or Common phras, or one of them.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, xhc hi'jrh That upon the fecond day of each fpring affixes, in every (heriff of the year, there fhali be adminiflered, in open court, by the judge county, to take who (hall prefide in the Crown court at every afiizes, to the thc 041	*

high fherifF, fub fherifF, or under fherifF of fuch county where fuch affixes fhali be had, and there fhali be taken by theliigh fherifF, fub fherifF, or under fherifF of fuch county, the following oath;

dec.

1 A, B. high Jberiff\ fub JhcriJf, or under Jherlffof the coin* Oath* ty of	(3/ the cafe Jhall be) do fwear, that

I have, during the time I have been in the ojjice of bigbjheriff, fub jherijf , or under jkeriff of the county of \as the cafe Jhall be) faithfully and honeftly, according to the beft of my ft ill and judgment executed, and that 1 twill, whilft 1 continue in the faid office, execute according to the beft of my JhAl and judgment, ait executions, writs, proccfs, orders, or *.warrants twhich already have, or jhall hereafter come into my. hands, or to be lodged in my office, and makej'pudy, and to the beft of my judgment, proper returns to fuch of them, as are by lavs returnable to the courts from whence they refpe&ivtly if fued; and that I will take, or caufe to be taken, ail inquifitions,

J airly and openly, giving fuch notice as the* law requires, to fuch perfons as are parties to fuch fuits, and duly return fuch in -quifitions ; and that 1 will impannel and return all jurors, or tales jurors, without partiality or favour, and not at the no-ms nation or direction of any of the parties concerned, or any per-Jon on their behalf, but will do equal right to the Poor andrich;

Vol. VII.	Ii	and

Digitized by booQle

If not taken

at the Lent , a frizes, to be taken at the Summer affixes.

Penalty on

pi.t taking faid oath, loci.

ProY'fions in laid act extended to cities.

The twenty fifth Tear of George IIT.

and that I will truly Jet and return all ifluts of fuel/ as within my bailiwick, according to their efiates ana circtem-fiance I* and that 1 will not remit or de*ay, or decline doing any part of the duty of my ojjxce, by reajon oj any reward or gratuity, or promife of any reward or gratuity, nor will 1 take, receive, or demand any fee wbatfoever, but fucb as I am entitled to receive by the laws andjlatutes oj ibis realm.

III.	Provided always, That if the high fheriff, fub fheriff or under fheriff, or any of them, (hall not attend at fuch Lent aflizes, that then, and in fuch cafe, there fuall be ad-miniflered, on the fecond day of the Summer aflizes, the aforefaid lafl mentioned oath to fuch fheriff, fub fheriff, or under fheriff, as (hall not have taken the faid oath at the Lent aflizes, as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if the fheriff, fub fheiiff, 01 under flierifF, thaJl rcfiffe or neglcft to take the faid oath, either at the Lent or Summer affizes a6 aforefaid, that then, and in fuch cafe, he (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds flcrling ; the faidfum to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majdly’s courts of record in Dublin, by fuch perfon as (hall firft fue for the fame, in which no ef-foign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ; one moiety thereof for his own ufe, and the other moiety for the ufe of the publick infirmary' of the county whereof the defendant jhall have been fheriff, fub fheriff, or under fheriff.

V.	And whereas it is judged expedient to extend the pro-vificns of the faid recited a& to cities as well as counties: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every fheriff of every city, in this kingdom, (hall, before his admiffion into office, take the oath herein after mentioned, befidcs the other oaths required by lawr, before the perfon who is to admit him into faid office, which oath fuch perfon is hereby authorized and required to admiuifler.

Oath to be / A. B. fl-'erij} of the city of	do	fiwtar,	that 1

fheriffs qjj,Hfaithfully ana bonefily, without favour or ajjection to any o cities.	pajen whatjoever, to the befi cf my underfianding, and power,

execute the duties oj my faid office, and particularly that I will, without delay, duty execute alt writs, frocefs, and executions, and all orders ai d warrants that Jl all be delivered to me, or lodged in my ojjne, ami make true and J'feedy returns to fucb ef thtm as arc by law returnable to the courts from whence ref ectively tfue; and that 1 will take, or cauj'e to be taken, all inquifilions fairly and openly, giving fucb notice as the lanx requins, and auly return fuch inquifitions ; and that I wtU im-. -	pdKMtl

Digitized by LjOOQie

The tiveniyfifib Tear of George III.

fa fine I and return all jurors, and tales jurors, without partiality cr favour; and that I will do equal jujlice to poor and rich ; and that 1 iw// not take or receive any fee, reward, or gratuity vtbnijcever, for dang or not doing any part of the duty ofmyjasd ojjice, except what 1 am vy law entitled to receive*

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any luch fheriff (hall refufe or negkd to take the faid	j^th*

oath, in the manner, and at the time herein before men- cicaion^oJd, tioned, the ele A ion of filch perfon fhall be void; and if, and if he ft»U after fuch negled or reful’al, Inch perfon (hall do any ad as do any aft at fhcrifT, fuch perfon (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit the fum of filled one hundred pounds fterling, to be recovered as herein be- 1 fore mentioned, and to be applied, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the informer, and the other to the ufe of the infirmary' cf fuch city, if fuch there be; and if there be no fuch infirmary, then to the infirmary of the county at large, ii) which fuch city is fituated.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An AB to explain and amend an del pnjfed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of the Reign of His prefent MajeJlj King George the Third, entitled. An Acl j'or the more effectual preventing the. forging or altering the Acceptance or Indcrjcment of I*ills oj Exchange, or the Numbers or principal hums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment cf Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money, or Delivery of Goods,

WHE Pw E A S doubts have arifen whether the puni/h- 13 5c 14 O* 3i ment ioflided by an ad of Parliament made and paf- c* M* fed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majeily, entitled, An aB for the more ejfiBual pre-	*

venting the forging or altering the acceptance or indorfement of hills of exchange, or the numbers or principal fums of accountable receipts for notes, hills, or other fecuritles for payment of money, or warrants or orders for payment of money, or delivery of goods, extends to fuch forgeries when committed with an intention to defraud any corporation or p^foqgxvh^ body corporate; be it therefore euaded by the King’s mod falfely make, excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the a*tc>r» counter-lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent ** Parliament affembled, and, by the authority of the fame, i^ttory note. That if any perfon or perform, from and after the twenty- &c. adjudged fourth day of June, one (houfand feven hundred and eighty- gu*lty offclony, $ve, fhall falftly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made, altered, forged, or counter-I i 2	feitedj

49 9

Sheriffs re-



a. n.

1785.

The tnventy-fftb Tear of George 111.

feited, or willingly a& or afdfl in the falfe making, alteringy forging, ur counterfeiting any promifTory note, or indorsement of any promifTory note, or any bill of exchange, or acceptance, or indorCement of any bill of exchange, or uy altering the number or principal fum of any promiuory note* bill of exchange, or accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance, or difeharge for rent, or other confidcratton, or any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money,- or 3ny warrant or order for payment of money, or any order for the delivery of good^, or procuring or giving credit to the value of five pounds, with intention to defraud any corporation or perfbn or perfons whatfoever1, or (haH utter,- or publifh as true, any falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeited promifTory note, or indorfement of any promifTory note, tiv bill of exchange, or acceptance, or indorfement of any bill of exchange, or accountable receipt, or any note, bill, or other Security for payment of money, or in any of which the principal fum or number has been falfely altered, or any forged or counterfeited warrant, or order for payment of money, or delivery of goods, or any forged or counterfeited order for the procuring or obtaining a credit to the Value of five pounds, with intention to defraud any corporation, or perfon or perfons whatfoever, knowing the fame to be falfe, altered, forged,- or Counterfeited, every fuch perfon being thereof lawfully convidled, fhall be adjudged guiky of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without the benefit of clergy.-

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An At7 to remedy the Ificonvenicncies which a rife to Kcclfiafiical Pcrfonly from the Lofs of their Title*, and Certificates of their other Qualifications.

Preamble. \% WHEREAS the clergy are often required to prove \\ their indu&ion, and other qualifications, which hr the death of witnefles and loft of certificates is frequently rendered extremely difficult, if not impracticable: for n> ^UpontV:	medy thereof, be it cna&ed by the King’s moft excefienC

^vrynr. wiary Hajeftv, by ami with the advice and confent of the lords ferinBelton of fpiriti^l and temporal, and commons in this Parliament af-a perfon to any kmblcd, and by authority of the fame, Thrt upon the roan-date eVery ordinary for the indu&ion of any perfon to any return Jh.v.Tbc ecclefiaftical pteferment, a return fhall be made by the per-ma«U by »hf:	fon giving indwfHoji thereon, that indu&ioti hath been giv-

err upon inch mandate, which mandate, together with the is herein/ return thereon indorfed, as alfo the certificate of tlic perform at telling the affent and confcnt, and other qualification* of

tk

I

The twenty fifth Tear of George IFF.

Ac perfon fo induded, (hall bt regiftered in the rtgiftiy of the diocefe wherein fuch preferment lies, and an entry their-of (hall be made in the books of tlie faid office, the truth of fuch return and certificate being verified on oath by one or i>oth of the witneffes attefting the fame, to be by affidavit rnade before the regifler of fuch diocefe, who is hereby authorized and etnpowered to adminifter fitch oaths $ and iq cafe any perfon (hail falfely make any fuch oath, the (aid perfon may be profecuted for perjury, and be liable to fuch punifhment as perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury-	,	‘

II. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch mandate, return, and certificate, and fuch affidavit or affidavits verifying the fame, or a copy df fuch mandate, return, and certificate, and of fuch affidavit or affidavits verifying the fame, attelled by the rcgifter of the dioeefe for the time being, (hall in ill courts be admitted and teceiycd as evidence competent to prove fuch indudion, and other qualifications'to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, any law, ufage, cuftom, or thing to the contrary not with (landing; and that every regifler (hall be entitled to demand and take the fum of five (hillings for every fi;ch attefted copy, from the perfon requiring the fame ; provided that nothing herein contained (hall be conllrued to deprive any ccclefiaftical per-fop of a right to prove the validity of his title ih any oilier way, by ^vhich be may npw by law pipve the fatnef

SOI

D.

n*s>

Such ra?n» affidavit &c. or a copy attefted by die rcgifter,

to be admitted in all court 3 as fufticifn: fvi-denq:.

CHAP, XXXIX.

An Aft for extending the Prrvifiom of an Aft faffed in thu Kingc*o,n in the Ffh Tear of 1 he R&i^n of Hi ptej<n: Ma-jefiy, entitled, A:i Aft for erefting aid eftablfiring Pub! ck Infirmaries or Hof pi tall in this Ifngdom.

WHERE A 8 fitipe the paffing of the faid ad, a pub- An mfirmar lick infirmary has been ereded in the city of* Ca(hel, has been cn.de for the county of Tipperary 2 And whereas tfie fqnd fpr	c<j)ut

providing food, medicines, and other neceffari<?8, for the ac- the fund isinfuf-commodation of the poor patients therein, and for repairing ficicnti grand the faid building, and the furniture thereof, is yery infuflicient j,,ry	ca*

to anfwer the faid purpofes: be it enaded by the King’s a^7VtCs^^"umcr mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advjce and confent prefent, 41 of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this herein/ prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the. lame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, pext, the grand jury of the faid county, at every fummer. hereafter, (hall prefent (ipftead of the fum of one ...............	*	hundred

'Digitize ; y

^yGoogJe

HA prefent-bimf without in *f6 Javit be ma(fe by the phjrfidan, See.

If by doasti-6n% Sec. a fund arifes fufficieut, the grand jury at fpring amzes may rc-prefent tts herein.

Subfcribersdf ll.lft.9d deemed a member for one year.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George 111.

hundred pounds, and not lefs than fifty pounds, which by the faid act is required) a fum not exceeding two hundred pounds, nor lefs than ohe hundred and fifty pounds, to be raifed on the county at large, and paid to the treafurer of the faid county, to be by him paid over to the treafurer of the faid infirmary on his drafts or receipts, which drafts «* receipts (hall be allowed as vouchers to the faid county treafurer in his pafling his accounts, and which money {hall be applied by the governors of the faid infirmary in providing food, medicines, and other neceflVies for the patients, and in repairing the building, and the furniture thereof: provided, that no fuch prefentment fhall be granted by Inch grand jury, without an affidavit being firit made by the phy-fician or furgeon of the faid infirmary for the time beng, fetting forth the number of patients, both interns and externa, which were received and relieved by the recommendation of the governors and go .crocfifes of the faid infirmary, from the fummer aflizes lull preceding; and alfo that the treafurer of the faid infirmary for the time being (hall, ai every fuch aflizes, fet forth by affidavit, by way of debtor and creditor, a true and exad ftate of the fund and expencci of the fzttfl infirmary, commencing from the fummer aflizes laft 1 preceding, to the then fummer aflizes ; fuch affidavits to be fwom before one of the judges of affize, or before two of his Majefly’s jultices of the peace for faid county, to be laid before fuch grand jury at every fuch aflizes ; and that no judge fhall confirm any fuch prefentment without fuch affidavits ; faid affidavits to be kept amongfl the records of faid County.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That if, by donations or fubferiptions, a fund (hould arife here* after, fufficient to anfwcr the exigencies and expences of the faid infirmary, without the aid of filch prefentment, that then, and not otherwife, the grand jury at every fubfequent fpring aflizes, (hall have power to re-prefent the amount of fuch prefentment, or fo much thereof as fhall appear by fuch affidavits and accounts tube uuneceflary to be applied to the ufes and puipofes of the faid infirmary, for any other publick ufe, orwmksin the faid county.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon who fhall fubferibe and pay any fum, not lefs than one pound two fhillings and nine pence, for the ufe of the faid infirmary, fhall be a member of the body corporate for fuch infirmary, for one year from the twenty fourth of June next following fuch fubfeription and payment, as fully and ^fTeftually to all intents and purpofes as fubferibers of three pounds eight fhillings and three pence under the faid farmer ad now are: and that every perfon who fnall continue*

*	*	fud

The twenty fifth Tear of George 117.

fuch fubfeription and payment fucceflively for ten years, (ball be a member of the laid body corporate for fuch infirmary for life*

C H A P. XL.

An A8 for fhrther ext end rg the Proxiftont cf an Ad faff din this K nvdom in the hfth Tear of t e Reign of Hi xref nt Majejiy, entitled. An <8 f r er Ring an e aoli/hing Pub-lick Lij rmaries or Hfpit. Is n this Kingdom•

WHEREAS by an aft pafTed this feflion of Parlia-^

nient, entitled. An a8 for extending the prowfionx of 3* c* ^ an ad faffed in this kingdom in the ffth year of the reign of his prefent Maje y9 entitled, An ad for ereding and ejlabii/hing Public k Infirmaries or Hof pit a Is in this kingdom, certain provi-fions 'are therein made in refpeft of the infirmary in the city of v afhell, in the county of Tipperary : and whereas it would be highly expedient that the like pro' ifions were extended to the publick infirmary of the Queen's county: be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTcmblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the gnnd jury of twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and thc	ca*

eighty five, the powers contained in the faid recited aft, herein!* *** ** (hall extend, and be deemed and conftrued to extend to the laid publick infirmary of the Queen's county; and the grand jury of the Queen's county are hereby empowered to prefent, for the (upport of faid infirmary, in like manner as the grand jury of the county of Tipperary are by the faid recited act empowered to prefent for the fupport of the faid public infirmary of the city of Cafhtll, that is to fay, a fum not exceeding two hundred pounds, nor lefs than one hundred and fifty pounds, fubjeft to the fame provifiona and regulations as are therein contained, and in as full and ample manner, as if the fame bad been enafted in the body «)f this aft*

Recital of *$

CHAP.

The twenty fifib Year of George III.

5°4 A. D.

Amended 31

G. 3 c. 35.	35

O. 3. c. %%.

petition to the houfe of commons

death of Na. tlianicl Bany, oai u

CHAP. XLII.

An AO for ejlablijhing a Complete School ff Pbjfuk in this '	Kingdom.

WHEREAS «n ad wraa made in this kingdom, in the twenty firil year of his late M^jefty KingGeoige the fecond, entitled, An a8 for vacating of the office of the King's proftjfor of phyfick in Dublin, upon the hath or furrendzr of the prejent King's profeffor, and fr ending three profffer-Jhips of pvyfch, in the fmd city, inflead thereof : and whereas .the preudent and fellows of the King’s and Queen*s college of phyficians in Ireland, with the content and approbation of fir Nathaniel Barry, baronet, and Henry <^uin, cfquirc, dpdors of phyfick, the furviving profdfors under the will of fir Patrick Dunn, petitioned the houfe of commons, felting forth, that various difficulties had arifea in carrying the faid ad into execution, occafioned by the manner of framing the fame, and that it appeared to the (aid petitioners to be ne-ceflary that the faid ad ffiouki be altered and amended ; and that for the purpofe of eftablilbiag a complete fchool of phyfick in this kingdom, fuch profcfTars fhould be dfablilhed in the place of the faid three profeffors, as fhould teach the fallowing branches, according to fuch diftribution as fhould be from time to time direded by the prefident and fellows of the King’s and Queen’s college of phyficians, and their fuc-cefibrs, that is to lay, anatomy, furgery, inilitutes and practice of medicine, with clinical led urea, chymiftry, materia tncdica, botany, natural hillory, and pharmacy, and that the mode of eledion, and the times and manner of lecturing fhould be changed accordfug to a plan prepared by the find petitioners 5 and further fetting forth, That Conftantine Barber, efquire, dodor of phyfick, late profeffor of pbar- f macy and the materia medico, under the {aid ad, died mi the thirteenth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty three, and that the examinators under the faid ad, had not proceeded to a new eledtion, in order to give an opportunity of laying a matter of fo much importance to the publick before this houfe, and that the faid petitioners, with the confent of the faid fir Nathaniel Barr)', profeflbr of forgery and midwifery, and Henry Quin, profdlbr of the theory and pradice of phyfick, under the faid ad, are de-firous to have the fame altered, in fuch a manner as maybeft promote the eftabliihment of a complete fchool of phyfick in~tliis kingdom: and whereas the faid fir Nathaniel Barry, baronet, is lately dead ; and whereas it is neceflary, for the ‘ -eflablifhracut

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	505

rftablifhment of a complete fchool of phyfick in this king* A. D. dom, thaj the faid recited ad of Parliament fhould be altered 1785. and amended : and whereas the rents and profits of the real Chap. 42. and petfonal edate of the (hid fir Patrick Dunn, applicable to the faid foundation, have confiderably encreafed, fo as that neccfTary to the fame now amount to the annual fum of nine hundred	av*#

and twenty fix pounds eight (hillings and eight pence, which partly confifts of the intereft at three per cent. of a fum of one thoufand two hundred pounds, and by the encreafe of the faid rents and profits, there is a fufficient fund for providing competent falaries for a greater nunfber of profefiors: and whereas the eftablilhment of a complete fchool of phy-fick in this kingdom would be of great publick advantage: he it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirrtual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid recited ad, as relates to the number of profefiors, the electors, and the mode of eledion, the tenure of the faid pro-fcfibrs, and the times and manner of leduring, be, and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That FroFeffoHUpa indead of three profeflbrfhips eftablifhed by the faid ad of Jc eftabliihei Parliament, the following profeflbrfhips (hall be eftablifhed, ** crcm* namely, a profeffor of the inflitutes of medicine, a profefibr of thepradice of medicine, a profeflbrof the materia medica snd pharmacy, and a profeflor of natural hiltory; and that it {hall and may be lawful to and for the prefident and fellows of the King’s and Queen’s college of phyficians in Dublin, whenever they diall think proper, and the funds fhall permit, to add to the faid profeflbrfhips, a profefibr of midwifery, which faid profefibrs fhall be called, The King’s proftjfors in the city of Dublin, on the foundation ofJ:r Patrick Dunn ; and the faid feveral and refpedive prcfe-flbi-s fhall have perpetual continuance and fuccefllon, and their refpec-tive fucceflbri fhall be nominated, appointed, eleded, and chofen in the manner and form herein after mentioned and fet forth.

ill. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the prefident and fellows of the King ar.d Queen’s college of phyficians in this kingdom, to dired whenever they fhall find it expedient fo to do, that any of the (aid branches fhould be taught by the fame profefibr.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority No greater aforefaid. That fuch profefibr, by whom different branches ycar(y Salary ihali be taught as aforefaid, fhall not receive any greater faiary taim 100 *

**' * *	-	than



Parr of the eftate to he ap& plied tothtlup. porcoi the pro. lefior*.

"When the rents &c. (hall be fufficicm, the fabrics to be raiieti a* hciem.

Surplus after pav.ng fabrics, to W applied as herein.

Three Univer-1ty pioicifors

The twenty ft h Tear tf George III.

thgn the yearly fum herein after to be paid of one hundred pounds.

V. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the find King’s profeflors, during the life of the faid Henry Quin, (hitII be fupported hv a rateable diftribution among them, of that part and proportion of the eftate of the late fir Patrick Dunn, to which the faid Conflantine Barber, de-ccafed, late profcfTor of pharmacy and the materia me die a, and the fa.d fir Nathaniel Barr)-, late profeflbr of furgery and midwifery under the faid act were refpe&ively during their lives entitled

\ 1. And be it epa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That on the death of the faid Henry Quin, or when by any other means the clear rents and profits of the real and pcrfonal eftate applicable to the faid profeflbrfhips fliall be fufficient for that ptirpofe, that then every fucli profefior fhall receive a proportionable encreafe of falary, not exceeding in the whole, to any one perfon, whether he fhall hold one or more profef-for/hip or profefforfhips, the yearly fum of one hundred pounds.

VII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That whenever there fliall be a furplus of the clear rents and profits of the faid fir Patrick Dunn’s eftate, after the payment of the faid yearly falaries, fuch furplus fliall be applied to the fupport of clinical lectures, for purchafing medical books for the ufe of the ftudents in phyfick, and for fuch other purpofes as fliall be judged molt conducive to the fuc-cefs and advancement of medical inftruCtion, by the faid prefident and fellows of the King and Queen’s college of phyficiaitf, with the confent and approbation of the chancellor of Trinity College, or in his abfence, of the ice-chancellor, the archbilhop of Dublin, the provoft of Trinity College, Dublin, and the profeflbr of phyfick in the faid college, ell for the time being, or any three of them.

VIII.	And whereas three le&orfliips have been many years fince eilablifhed in the Univerfity of this kingdom, for the teaching of anatomy and furgery, chymiftry and botany: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That there fhall be three proft flora in the Univerfity of this kingdom, which fhall be called Univerfity ptofeflbrs, that is to fay, a profef-for of anatomy and furgery, a profeflbr of chymiftry, and a profeflbr of botany, which faid Urtivcrfity profeflors (hall have perpetual continuance and fucceflion, and fhall be elected in the manner, for the time, and fubjed to the regulations herein after mentioned

IX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid Univerfity profeflors fhall be fupported at the ex-pence of the kid Univerfity.

X. And

i

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

X.	And be it enabled by the authority aforcfaid. That the prefident lecturers in the faid feveral branches are hereby conftituted and appointed prpfcflors in the faid feveral branches refpcdivcly.

XI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That

on the day immediately preceding the day of holding the	,

election of the faid King’s profefibr or profeflbrs (and in the profcffor^° cafe the day fo preceding (hall happen on a Sunday or Chrift- (hip. mas-day, then on the preceding fuch Sunday or Chriftmas-

d'.iy) the prefident, or in his abfence, the vice-prefident and fellows of the King and (Queen’s college of phyficians, fhall for ever hereafter be convened by the faid prefident, or in his abfence, by the vice-prefident, at fuch hdur and place as fhall be appointed by the faid prefident or vice-prefident, and fhall ded by ballot, out of themfelves, three perfons, and the faid three perfons fo eleded, together with the Provofl of Trinity College, Dublin, or in his abfence the vice-provoft and the profefibr of phyfick in the faid college, all for the time being, fhall be the electors into the King’s profefforfhip or profefibrfhips at that time vacant, and in like manner for ever hereafter three perfons fhall be elected as aforefaid from time to time, and with the faid provoft, or in his abfence, the faid vice-provoft and the profefibr of phyfick in the faid college of Dublin, fhall for ever hereafter be the electors of the faid King’s profeffors ; and if there fhall be an equality of voices among the faid electors, the fenior doctor of phyfick, among the faid three pei foils fo elected as aforefaid, fhall have the calling voice, which faid King’s profeffors fhall be eleded after fuch previous examination as the faid eledors, or the majority of them, fhall require.

XIT. And be it enacted. That the faid electors fo chofen Elector* hy ballot as aforefaid, fhall continue in their offices till the chofen by ballot day next preceding the day of the next eledion of the next tVont,n?c,n. King’s profefibr whofe office fhall become vacant, and no ° c M crcin* longer ; and that on every vacancy fuch election lhall be made by ballot as aforefaid ; and that in cafe any one or more of the faid three electors fhall die between the eledion into one profefibr (hip, and the vacancy of another, the prefident, or ^ in his abfence, the vice prefident and fellows of the King and Queen’s college of phyficians fhall eled by ballot one other member of the faid college of phyficians to fill the place of the eledor fo dead as aforefaid, which eledor fhall continue till tlie day next preceding the eledion of the nertt King’s profefibr.

XIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no eledor of the faid King's profefibrs fhall be eligible into any of the faid King’s profefibrfhips.	'	'

XIV. And

Prefident

Digitized by t^ooQle

Ekaito of Unhrcrfity pro-Man as herein.

ProfcfloHkipc open to prated tarns of all nation* a* herein.

EkAort fwotn as herein.

The twentyfifth, Tedtr nf George III.

XIV* And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the Univerfity profeffbrs fhall be ele&ed in the ufual and accttftomed manner by the provoft, or in His abfence, by the vice provoft, and femur fellows of Trinity College* Dublin.

XV.	And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That previous Jo every ele&ion, either of the King** profefTors, or of the Ipid Univerfity profefTors, unlefs wnen it (hall be thought proper to continue the fame profefFors, three month* notice mall be riven in the Dublin and London Gazettes which notice (hall be Jigncd by the regifter of the faid College of Dublin, and alfo by the regifter of the faid college of phyficians, which notice (hall fet forth the profefTorfhip or profeflorlhips that (hall at that time be vacant, or are ex-pelted to be vacant, the emoluments and advantages attend-iag fnch profefforfhip or profeflbrfhips, the time and place of the intended ele&ion or efe&ions, and defiring that all peridot intending to offer themfelves as candidates, fhouid fend in their names the places of their education, the Uni verities in which they have taken their medical degrees, and die placet where they have pra&ifed, to the faid regifter, and the faid regifter of the college of phyficians fhall lay the fame before the faid prefident, or in his abfence the vicc-prefident and fellows of the faid college i>f phyficians, and the regifter. of the college of Dublin fhall lay the fame before the Pro-voft, or in his abfence the vice-provoft, and fenior fellows of the (aid college of Dublin, to the end that opportunity may be given to enquire into the merits of every candidate,

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid profefTorfhips (hall be open to proteftants of all nations provided they (hall have taken medical degrees, or fhall have obtained a Kcenfe to pra&ife from the faid college of phyficians in confequence of a teftimonium under the feal of Trinity College, Dublin.

XVII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid^

That immediately before every election, unlefs in the cafes vihere the fame profciTors (haft be continued, the feveral ek&ors as well of the faid King’s profefFor6, in caTe of an cle&ion of one of the fi*id profefTors, as alfo of the de&ors of the Univerfity profcfTors, in cafe of the ele&ion of any of the faid Univerfity profefTgrs, fhall take the following oath:	*

/ A. B. do fwear, that / <ivi!l to the bejl of my judgment C7id opinion) and without favour ^partiality, or prejudice> vote.

The twniyfiftk Tear of George til*

S*9

for Jueh candidate for the vacant profcjfirJhip% at flail of fiat to me to he bejk qualified foe the fasnes

So help me God.

And in the cafe of ibo eW&ots of any of the King’* pro-& fibre, tliefe words (Hall be added# fame only fitch preference ■or has been dir died to he give* by fir Patrick Dvoth deceafid ; which oajh the prqvoft, or in hi* abfpncc, the vice-pro volt of Trinity-College, Dublin, (hall adrainifter to the efefctors of the laid King’s profeffors, and the p reft dent, or in his obfence, the yice-prefident of the King, id Queen’s college of phyficians, (hall admiaifter to the ele&ors of the University profeftors, which faid oaths the faid proved, vice-provoft, prefident, and vfee-prefideut are hereby rcfpc&ivcly empowered and required to adrainifter.

XVIIL And be it exu£te& by the authority aforefaid, That immediately after every profeflor (hall be declared duly elected, he (haU take the following oath:

A. D.

‘7a5-Chap. 43.

Profeflon fworn m herein.

/ A. IJ. do finsear, that I nvill diligently, and to the heft of 9KJ /kill antf-jud^ menty perform the fyverai duties of the pi*-jfejfirjhip, to which I haye this day been elected*

So help me God.

\Vhich oath the president, or in his abfence, the vice-prefi-dent of the King and Queen’s college of phyiicians in Dub* lin, in the cafe of the King’s profeffore, and the provoft, or in liis abfence, the vice-provoft of Trinity-College, Dublin, in the cafe of the Univerfity profeffors, are hereby refpe&ively empowered and required to adminifter.

XIX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* That PrtfefforfMpi every profefforfhip mentioned in this a£fc, (hall become va-

cant at the end of every feventh yeai\ from the date of the 1 cle&ion.	* '

XX.	Provided always, That k (haD and may he lawfol to fcnc\ for the prefent le&urers in anatomy, chymiftry, and botany, in Trinity College, Dublin, to hold the faid Uni* ' verfity profefforfhips during their refpe&ive good behaviour,

.being the tenure of their prefent le&ureftiip.

XXI.	Provided further, and be it ena&ed by the antho- Profefforsm*f rity aforefaid, That at the expiration of the faid feventh year, he afaiadc&cd* the fame profeflor may be again ele#ed.

XXII.	A nd be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That The rmfidena the faid prefidenl and fellows of the (aid King and Queen’s »ndfeUowt,Ac, college of phvficians, (hall have power from time to time to aAcrein. snake rules and orders to regulate the condu& of the KingNi profeffors, which rules and orders the regifter of the find

college of phyficians (hall communicate to the regifter of % 4	Trinity

Digitized by

• ^ io	The twenty •fifth Year of George III.

A. D.	Trinity College, Dublin, to be by him laid before the pto-

1785.	*oft and fenior fellows of the faid college, and the (aid pfo-

Chap. 42.	vofl and fenior fellow^ or a majority of them, together with

the faid proved, (hall have power from time to time to make tules and orders to regulate the conduft of the faid Univeriity proftffors, .which rnles and orders the regifter of Trinity . College. Dublin, fhnll communicate to the regifter of the faid college of phyficians to be by him laid befoie the lift mentioned college*

XXII I. Provided always. That the faid rules and orders (hall not be inconfiftent with any of the claufes or dire&ions contained in this acl c> Parliament.

The mode of XXIV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, deciding difa- Th;i? in cafe the prefident, or in his abfence the vice-prefi-greements with ^crt ancj c Allege Gf

phyficians, (hall at any time difapprove rtipect to ruie*, ^ ary cf the fold rules and orders made as aforefaid by the provoft and feni -r blkws, and rcdrefa (hail not be given in ten davs after complaint thereof made to the faid provoft, or in ; 'S abfence the vice-provoft and fenior fellows, that iu every fuch cafe the faid prefident or vice-piefident and col- * lege of phyficians may prefer their complaint to the viators of Trinity College, Dublin, who (hall fummarily hear tilt matter of the complaint, and grant redrefs in cafe the fame (hall appear to them to be well founded, and if otherwife (hall difmifs th&.fame ; and in cafe* the faid provoft, or in his abfence the vice-provoft and fenior fellows, ihall at any time difapprove of any of the faid rules and orders fo made as aforefaid, by the prefident and college of phyficians, and redrefs (hail not be given in ten days after complaint thereof made to the faid prefident, or in his abfence, the vice-prefi-dent and college of phyficians, that in every fuch cafe the provoft, or in his abfence, the vice-provoft and fenior fellows may picfer their complaint to the vifitors of the faid college of phyficians, or to any two of them, who (hall fummarily hear the matter of the faid complaint, and grant redrefs in cafe the fame fhall appear to them to be well founded, and if otherwife (hall difmifs the fame ; and the faid viiitors refpec-* lively on the hearing of eveiy fuch appeal, (hall have power to examine the witnefies upon oath whenever they (hall find k nec^fTary fo to do.

Neglect of XXV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That ^uty mthepr<K If anyprofeflor (hall wilfully neglcA to perform the duty of

*	°r*’	his place, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the cle&ors of

the King’s profeffc rs, in cafe of the faid profeflors, and to and for the provoft, or in his abfence the vice-provoft and fo-,	nior fell' s of Trinity College, Dublin, in cafe of the Uni-

▼frfity profeflors to udmonilh the laid profefTars $ and in cafe

-3

*

' The twnty fifth Tear of George Itl.

of obflinate negleA of duty after fuch a-1 monition, to deprive the faid piofeffor of his profefibrfhip.

X VI. Provided always, and be it ena^ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any profcflbr fo ordered as aforefaid to be admonifhed, or depriv- Profeflbr* may ed, to appeal in the cafe of any of the King’s profefTors to aFPcah the vifitors of the faid college of phyficians, or any two cf them, and in the cafe of any of the univerlity profelfors to the vifitors of Trinity College, Dublin, as the cafe may happen ; which faid appeal fhall be lodged in one week after the faid order for admonifhing or depriving, and it (hall and m?.y be lawful for the faid vilitors refpedtively to affirm or reverie the faid order, and in hearing fuch appeals, to examine wit-nefTes upon oath, which oath the faid vilitors refpectively are hereby empowered to adminifter.

XXVII. And beit ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Mode of de-That if the provolt, or in his abfence the vice-provoft and rerunning dir*, fenior fellows fhall at any time be diflatisfied with the condudt greements bc-v>f any of the faid King’s profefTors, or if the faid preiident,	cPro~

or in his abfence the vice-prefident and fellows of the faid college of phyficians, fhall at any time be diflatisfied with the conduct of any of the faid univerfity profefTors, and after complaint made by the provolt, or in his abfence the vice-provoft and fenior fellows to the prefident, or in his abfence the vice-prefident and fellows of the faid college of phyficians, or by them to the faid provoft, or in his abfence to the vice-provoft and fenior fellows, redrefs fhall not be given in ten days after fuch complaint fhall have been preferred, the fame may be laid by the provoft, or in his abfence the vice-provoit and fenior fellows, before the vifitors of the faid college of phyficians, or any two of them, and by the faid prefident, or in i his abfence the vice-prefident and fellows of the faid college of phyficians before the vifitors of Trinity College, Dublin, which faid vifitors refpe&ively fhall fummarily hear the matter of the faid complaint, and grant rediefs in cafe the fame fhall appear to them to be well founded, and if otherwife fhall dilmifs the fame; and it fhall and may be lawful to aild for the faid vifitors refpe&ively, to examine witneffes upon oath, whenever, they fhall find it neceflary fo to do, which oath# the faid vifitors are hereby impowered to ad-fninifter.

• XXVIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Commence That the le&ures of each profefTor (thofe on botany cx- mrn,» contil,u-cepted) fhall commence on the firft Monday in November, and continue until the end of April, and fhall be given four days in the week at leaft, and that the lectures on botany fhall commence on the fecond Monday in May, and continue until the end of July in every year, and fhall be giwmfbur days in the week at the leaft.

XXIX. Pro-

fit

A. B,

1785. Chap. 42.

Digitized by Google

Lc&orctou botany to ami* mcnce and continue as herein.

Lcdorcsto be given in £ng-l&lk as herein.

Feet for sd-miffioo.

The names tf ftudents in phy-fick to be entered in a book.

Clinical lectures.

fbe tmmtyjijii Tear of George lit

XXIX. Provided always That it (hall and may; be MmftA to and for the provoft, or in his lienee the vice-prtfvaii and fcmof fell owe of Trinity College, Dublin, to diped that the (aid k&tires on botany (hould commence at, and continue to any other time, aa they from, time to time (halL think proper.

XXX* And be it ena&ed by the authority a fore (aid. That the (aid feveral k&ures (hall be given in the Englifh language, unleft fpeciallv ordered by the prefident and fellows of the (aid college of phyficians, in rcfpe& to any of the It og’s profefibrs, or by the provoft and fenior follows of Trinity College, in refpe& to the univerfity profeflors, and the (aid le&ures fiiall be given in Trinity College, Dublin; and proper rooms (hall be provided in. the (aid college, for giving the laid led ures.

XXXI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afordaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid feveral peofeflhrs to charge reasonable fees to be paid by all fuch period* as attend the refpe&ive le&urea; the (aid fees to be paid on admiffion, and to be from time to time regulated in xefpe& to "Gr Patrick Dunn’s proteflars, by the prelideat aod college of phyficians, and in re(pe& to the (aid univerfcsy profeflors, by the prpvoft aod fonior fcUowa of Trinity College* Dublin.

XXXII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforcfeid, That the frveral ftudents in phyfick (hall be matriculated hi the (aid univerfity, by having their names entered in a book to be kept for that purpofe, for which entry each (Widest (hall pay the fiina of five drilling*, and no move, but oo fuch ftudent, unkfs he (hall think proper fo to do, fiiall be obliged to have a tutor, or to aniwer the examinations, or to attend to any of the academical duties of the faid univer-fity.

XXX1IL And whereas clinical le&uraa ane highly n* ceflary for promoting the fuccefs of a fchool of phyfick: be k eoa&cd by the authority afbreCaid, That the (aid fovend ppofcflbrs (hall alternately give the (aid clinical k&um* or m fuch order as (ball be agreed upon by the faid profcftbv*, or iu default of fuch agreement in fuch order a* (hall be dtrc&ed by the prefident, or in bis abfeace the vice-prefrjent and fid-lows of the (aid college of phyficians, in refpe& of the King’s profofTors, and by the prorvoft and fenior fellows, fo.refpc& to the faid university profeflbrs.

XXXIV. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That until afi hofpitalcan be provided forgiving the (aid clinical le&ures, the prefident, or in his abfonce the ricc-pxefi-dent and fellows of the (aid cohere of phyficians, arc hereby authorised to appoint thp (aid clinical le&ures to he given in

luck

Digitized by

Google

7'be twenty fifth Tear of George III.

foch hofpltal or hofpitals In the city of Dublin, as (hall be found moft convenient for that purpofe.

XXXV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That one third part if the -rents and profits of the faid real and perfonal eftate of the faid fir Patrick Dunn,

*	from the time of the death of the faid doctor Conftantine ' 'Barber, deceafcd, to the time of the deftion of the new

profeffors on the foundation of the faid fir'Patrick Dunn,

*	(hall be applied towards the fupport of the laid clinical leo turn.

XXXVL Provided always, and be it, enafted by the _________________o

authority aforefaid, That nothing herein'contained (hall ex- herein to affejt tend, or be conftrued to extend to affcft the right of Henry	r,

' (£um, efquire, doftor of phyfick, to fuch part and propor- enr1 *• ~ tion of the faid teal and perfonal eftate of the faid fir Patrick Dunn, deceafed, it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the faid Henry Quin fhall enjoy one third part of

*	the find real and perfonal eltate during his natural life, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVlI. Arid be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, The aft of at That every thing in the faid recited aft, made in the Geo. a in force twenty fiVft year of the reign of his late Majefty'Kipg ^5*** a*cred Gebrge the fecorid, and not herein before, altered and amended, (hall remain in full force and effeft, anything

*	herein contained to the contrary thereof in any \yife ndt-

*	withftanding.

X CXVilL Provided always, arid be it enafted by the Nottoaffe# '.authority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hill the guardian* extend, or.be conftrued to extend, to,defeat or. impeach,

*	in any refpeft, the powers and authorities veiled by the 1 faid recited aft in the feveral guardians by the faid aft

named-

XXXIX. And be it declared and enh&ed, That this aft A pnhlick *&. " being intended for the moft ufeful national purpofts, as tending to the improvement of manufactures and agriculture, arid Calculated for the extenfion of ufeful feience, and for the general prefervation of the health of his Majefty’s fubjefts,

, (hall be confidered as a public aft,, and (hallpafs without the 1 payment of fees.

Nothing

V*L.VII*	Xk	C	H	A.	P,

is \

V

Digitized by

Google

The twenty fifth Tear of George HI.

CHAP. XLIIL

An Adi for the completing and efeOially lighting and nvmJ thing of Rut LendSatire, and fir the belter Support and Maintenance of the tlfipitalfor the Relief of poor Lying-in IVomen in the City of Dublin, and for other Purpfes therein nun* tioned.

X XTHEREAS the hofpital for the relief of poor - VV lying-in women in the city of Dublin, hath hitherto received an infufBcient and precarious fupport, nod inadequate to the extenfive purpofes of faid charity : and whereas the advantages derived from faid charity are xnofUy limited to the metropolis, and its funds principally arife from the publick entertainments which its gardens and Rotunda afford to the inhabitants thereof: be it enacted bj the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by artd with the advice and con-felt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the ''From piling &mc> That from and after the paffing of this ad, there fi&aQ this aft, there be paid to the governors of the Foundling Hofphal and (ball be paid to ' Work-houfe, and they are hereby authorized and required the ?o«mSin* t0 co^c^ aDC* levy fom of thirty-five (hillings and fix-hofpital for * pence fteriing per annum, for every fedan chair which any every fedan perfon (hall keep in his or her poficifion in the city of I>ub-ehair. Sec. as ]jn> or within one mile thereof, exetpt hackney fedan herein.	chairs, or fedan chairs kept by the makers for {ale, over and

above all fums now payable for the fame, the faid additional fum of thirty-five (hillings and fix-pence fteriing per anmmm, to be paid quarterly at the like times, and to be colle&ed and received by the like ways, means and method*, and with filch powers and authorities, and under fiich penalties as the annual fums now payable to the faid governors of the Foundling Hofpital and Work-houfc, and referred on the licenfes granted for the fame, are and may be colic#ed and received.	%

If unpaid for II. Provided always, That if the faid additional rum of si days, licence thirty-five (hillings and fix-pence, or any part thereof, (hall vo»d.	be behind and unpaid for the fpace of twenty one days after

any of the days whereon the fame ought to be paid, every licence granted for keeping the chair, in refpc# whereof the fame (hall be in arrear, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void, and the, perfon keeping the fame after fiud*time,~fhall be fubjed to'the feveral penalties enhfied againft perfoos keeping or having a fedan chair without K» ccnce.

III.	And

5*4 A. D. . 1785.

Digitized by 30<	.

j

The tiventy-Jifth Tear of George III. ;	jij

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid governors A. D. of the Foundling-hofpital and Work-houfe (hall, from time 1785. to time, within twenty eight days after each quarterly day. Chap. 43. whereon the faid fum of thirty-five (hillings and fix-pence W—

(hall be payable, pay or caufe to be paid unto the governors Such fums as and guardians of the Lying-in hofpital, of their treafurer, received °n Ac‘ or fuch other perfon as they (hall appoint to receire the fame, fuch fum or fums of money as they (hall have received, vernors. ori account of the faid additional rate of thirty-five (hillings and fix-pence per annum, without any abatement or deduction whatsoever, lave only and except the fum of fix-pence in the pound fterling, for colle&ing the fame, and they (hall at the fame time give unto the faid governors or their treafurer, an account thereof, fpecifying the number of chairs, names of the owners thereof, where refident, and the arrears of the faid additional rate remaining due thereon, figned by their treafurer, and regiftered ; and the faid governors of the Foundling-hufpUal and Work-houfe (hall, fo foon as they conveniently can after the paffing of this a&, furnifii the faid governors and guardians of the Lying-in hofpital, with ndift of the feveral perfons who have taken out licenfes for keeping private fedan chairs, fpecifying the dates of each licence, and the rcfideuce of each perfon, and (hall from time to time, as often as any licence (hall be taken out, fumifb the faid lail mentioned governors and guardians with a like account thereof.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That the faid governors Governors to and guardians of the Lying-in hofpital (hall, fo foon as they publiih the conveniently can, digelt into alphabetical order the names of name,» &c. of the feveral perfons who (hall have taken out a licence for {^vc licence keeping a private fedan chair, with their places of refidencC,

and (hall publifh the fame in an almanack or regiftry as they (hall think proper ; and they (hall likewife once in every year after, publiih in like manner, a like account of all cxifting licenfes, fpecifyitig therein the names a’*l refidencc of the feveral perfons who may have omitted or may have forfeited their licenfes fince the lait publication.

V.	Provided always, That no common, publick, or hack- N> Hi~key ncy licenfed fedan chair, (hall ply within the city of Dublin,

or three miles thereof, from and after the firfi day of Auguft Je numbcr«d°a» next enfuing, that (hall not have on the rear or hinder part, herein, and on each of the fides thereof, a certain oval compartment five inches in length, and three inches in breadth, painted in white, with the number of the licence painted in letters of black thereon, of a reafonable fixe, the white thereof to be -annually renewed, and the figures kept legible, under a penalty bf teii (hillings for the firft offence, twenty (hillings for the fecynd, and forfeiture'of faid licence for the third offence,

Kka	to

Digitized by

Google

$16	Tbr t*v<nty*fifih Tisr George III.

A.	D.	to be recovered on oath by any perfon or perfons fuiag for the

17&5.	time before the governors of the Foundling-hofpitai	and

Chip. +3. Work-houfe.	,

tVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all fums fo received Sum* received by the governors of the faid Lying-in hofpital from the go-tC	waow of the (aid Foundling hofpital and Work-houfe,	(hall

P ,C	\>e applied by them in fuch manner as they (hall think	pro-

per, towards the Tupport and maintenance of the Lying-in hofpital,. ^d alfo towards the payment of the intercfl of Uich fum' or fums as they (hall or may borrow9 purfuant to the powers herein after given to them for that purpofe; and that they (hall once in every year, between the firll day of Jams* ary. and the firft day of February, account before the com-miflioners of impred accounts, for the feveral receipts and expenditures of money received by virtue of this aA or oth^rwife, for or on account of the faid Lying-in hofpital or charity; which faid accounts the commiffioners of unpreft accounts are hereby required to examine, audit and report upon in the fame manner as is dire&cd by an ad palled lad feffion of Parliament for the due accounting for public money, touching the accounts of the Foundling-hofpitai and .Work-houfe

Governor* VII. ^nd be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, Tror/a^c of Th^t it (hall and may be lawful for the governors and guar-feid'dutv* atle- ^ai*8 the faid Lying-in hofpital, by one or more deed or gal imereft, any deeds, or by one or more debenture or debentures, to be ex-lum not exceed- ecuted or iffued tmder their feal corporate, and likewife fob-inK ^oocl for foribed by feven or more of them in boand aflcmbled, from buUun-T* C	to	time, or at any time, to raife by one or more mort-

°	gage or mortgages of the faid duty of thirty five (hillings

and fix pence for every private fedan chair, or of any part {hereof, and at any intereii not exceeding the legal intered, liny fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of five thoufand pounds, to be by them expended in completing the buildings which have already been begun by private fubfeription on the ground belonging to (aid hofpital, and which, when finifhed, (hall for ever be applied by the governors for the time being, to encreafe and fecure the main* tenance of faid hofpital; and that for every fuch mortgage, the form of wort}* prescribed for mortgages to be made by the commifiioners and dire&ors for paving and lighting the dreets and lanes of the city of Dublin, with fuch variation of expreifion as may be neceflary, (hall be deemed a good and fufficient form in law.

Any 5 or more VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre^ at * hoard may /aid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid governors j'affingthi* afl"* guardian, of the Lying-in hofpital, or any fire or more compound niy them in board attembled, at any tmie wham ux.month.

•	after

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	5	r	7

after the palling of this aft, to compound all or any of the „ A* D. arrears due to the faid hofpital and charity, and that they 1785.' (hall, immediately after the expiration of the faid fix months, Chnp. 43.

return unto the commifiioners of impreft accounts, an ac-  ________\'—- >

count of all arrears which lhall not be fo compounded before arrear due, a?

the expiration of faid term ; and the faid commiffioners (hall herein.

enquire into the fame, and Hate fuch as appear to them to be

really due and owing unto the faid hofpital, and report the

fame to the honfe of commons on the firft day of the fuc-

ceeding feffion of parliament, in order that fuch provifibn

may be made as may be ncceffary for the effeftual recovery

thereof, and that they lhall have full power and authority,

and full power and authority is hereby given to them, to

fend for perfons, papers, and records, and to examine on

oath as in cafes of accounts hath heretofore been ufually di-

nefted.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That it lhall and may be lawful for the governors and guardians of the faid hofpital, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at the firft or any other general or quarterly aflembly, or meeting, to be held after the palling of this aft, eleven at the leall being prefent, from time to. time, to # *1 at a mcct-xnake and ordain fuch reasonable bye-laws, rules, orders and	^

regulations, for the good government and management of jawga Ike. 1% * the faid hofpital and funds thereof, and alfo for the proper herein, management and direftion of fuch places of public entertainment and refort, as lhall Hand on the premises belonging thereto, and which lhall be under their immediate infpeftiott and government, and to annex fuch rcafonable penalties, not exceeding forty Ihillings, for the breach of any fuch byc-law, as they lhall think proper, fo as faid bye-laws, rules, orders and regulations, be flrit approved of by the lord chancellor or lords commiflioners of tne great feal, and the three chief judges of his Majefty’s courts of this kingdom, or any three of them, for the time being; and every bye-law, rule, order and regulation, fo made and approved, lhall, to all intents and purpofes, Hand and be held good and binding, on and againft all perfon and perfons included therein, or to be regulated thereby, iri as full, ample, and penal a manner, as if faid feveral particular laws, rules, orders, regulations, and penalties were fet forth diftinftly and feveiaRy m the body of this aft.

X.	Provided always. That it fhall and may be lawful for 11 at a meet* governors and guardians pf faid hofpital, for the time in£ maT toeing, and their fucceffors for ever, at any general or quar-	al

(erly aflembly or meeting (eleven at leaft being prefent) to herein, annul, change, alter, ot revoke any filch bye-laws, rule, q^r, pr: re^atiops, a previous notice of twenty one day si

being

Grand juries •f counties may every 5 years, a Sets, flee, as herein.

Perfons herein after mentioned empowered to fimfli he en lofing the gardens, and to cre£t a building, as herein, dec.

Breadth of the flreet or tow.

The twenty ffth Tear of George III.

being firft ferved on each and every governor or governors of faid hofpital, refident in the city* of Dublin, and likewife affixed in the chapel hall, and any of the other publick apartments thereof, fetting forth the alterations, additions, amendments, or revocations propofed to be made, and fo as fuch annulment, change, alteration* or revocation, be likewife approved of in manner aforefaid.

XL And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand juries of four of the fcveral counties throughout this kingdom, in alphabetical rotation, each annually to afiefs and raife off their refpe&ive counties* at fuch times as they may judge proper, at an interval of five yeais at tlie lead, between any repetition of fuch preferments, a fum of thirty pounds fterling, and to apply the fame for the fupport and maintenance of one female pupil, to be received and inftru&ed in the Lying-in hofpital, Dublin, and that faid pupil (hall be a married peTfon, aged between thirty and forty years, who has had children, and who (hall not be likely to become refident in the town where the refpedive county infirmaries (hall have been already efla-liflicd.

XII.	And whereas a confiderablc majority, amounting at lead to nine parts in ten of the proprietors of the new fquare, called Rutland-fquare, furrounding the garden ground belonging to the faid Lying-in hofpital, having fignified their earned wifh and defirc, and cqnfented that a change of the enclofure of the faid garden ground, (hould be made purfu-ant to an a& paffed in the lad feffion of Parliament, entitled, jin jid for the better paving and lighting of the fireets and lance of the city of Dublin, and for other purpofes therein mentioned 5 and a cor.fiderable part of faid endofurt has accordingly been carried into execution, and it is highly expedient for the ornament and fymroetry of faid work, that the remaining part of faid enclofure (hould be forthwith completed: bq it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be law ful for the perfons herein after mentioned as overfeers, together with the governors and guardians of the faid Lying-in hofpital, or any th^epr more of them, forthwith to proceed to the finifiiing, completing, and en-clofing < f faid fquare, in the fame manner as that heretofore executed, and to ere& a building on the north wed angle of the faid garden ground, fimilar to that already placed on the porth cad angle thereof; and that it (ball and may be lawful for them to include within fuch enclofure on the well fide thereof, fuch part of the dreet or row on the faid wed fide, as may be judged neceffaxy by the fajd overfeers, or any five or more of them. .

XJII. Trovi !ed always. That the breadth of the (aid dreet or row, from the front wall of the houfes therein to

fuch

Digitized b.y

GOgte --

The twentytfftb Tear of George III.	5^

fuch enclofur e, (hall ndt in any part thereof be made lefs than A D. the breadth of the. Jlreet or row on the cn(l fide of (aid 1785. fquare.	Chap.	4$.

XI'/. And be it coa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That 'w— towards completing and finifhing faid encloluit and fquare in Houfe« in the manner aforefaid, there (hall be raifed, levied, and paid unto ^het*uIc an »**• the faid overfeers, ‘ within forty days after the paffinjof this LffoStJa! 9* aft, by the feveral inhabitants, occupiers, or propnetors of herein. * the fcvcra! houfea mentioned in the fchcdulc hereunto annexed from No. 269 to No. 48, both inclufivc, a fum after the-rate of twenty-niqe (hillings for each foot every fuch houfc (hall mcafure m front to the (Ireet, or to the faid fquare, and . fq in proportion for any quantity lefs than a foot, the fame hav-ing been afeertained to be the rate paid for the part of faid fquare already completed : provided, That if the faid work v 1 (hall be completed for a fum lefs than the money fo raifed and colle&ed, the overplus of faid money '(hall be refunded to the perfon who paid the fame, according to the rate afore-faid.

XV.	Provided always, That the receipts of fuch overfeers OverfeerV re-fftall be held good, and be taken and received in payment of. copts to be taken the firft, or any other gale of rent Which (hall become due ^n^uymtIU after the palling of this ad, on fuch tenements refpedivcly,

as (hall be held by leafe, or at will, by the perfons a&ually rdident thereon.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That ^mcsof tke the vifeount Enmlkillcn, the vifeount Erne, the right re- ov«fc«r» verend the lord bifhop cf Ferns, fir Pigot Piers, baronet,

Robert Howard, efquire, Thomas Adderley, efquire, Arthur Graham, efquire, qnd Stephen Wybrants, efquire, be, and are hereby conftituted and appointed overfeers for executing and condu&ing the faid work, together with the governors and guardians of the faid Lying-111 hofpital; and that they they ir.ey r.p-may appoint a treafurer, who (hall ferve without fee or rc- point a treaiur ward, and likewife an, infpedor or colle&or, with fuch al- tr» &‘£* lowance, not exceeding one (hilling in the pound, for regulating and conducing the faid work, as they (hall judge proper.

• XVII. And be it further enafted by the authority a fore- 'rhe'-verfeers faid# That the faid overfeers, together with the overfeers for- mzy rake ’ » racily appointed for carrying on faid fquare, and likewife the down ami rc-governors of faid hofpital, or any five or more of them, may f take down and remove, or caufc to be taken down and re-moved, all numbers, and all lamps and lamp iron3, curved, their pi-r , *. proje&ing* or otherwife irregular, heretofore affixed to, or heieis, crewed before, or which may at any time hereafter be affixed to, or ere&ed before the feveral houfes furrounding the faid fquare, and in the (lead thereof to place numbers, lamps, and 2	lamp

***

71# kewejN^I*" ?W »/! Gc^fgrlH.

P« font who Efface iron raiU ing, Aec. forfeit 5l. above former penalties.

lamp irons* in regular form, manner, height, and pagref-fion, from the houfe' of James Alexander, efquire, to th* houfe of the widow Me. Donnell, inclufive, and to levy thc^ expence thereof, off1 the inhabitant, occapier, or proprietor of each houfe, to or before which ftcb alteration (hall be ' ntatfe, by dtftrcfe and fek of tbfcir goods, in cafe of refiafaT ta pay the fame on demand, and delivery of an account there* of, vetiffed on oath; and likewife to remove any names or tablets that are now ereded, and to affix in the ftead thereof* certain tablets, wkh the name of. the fquare, that is to fay, Rutiandwftpjare, legibly painted or engraved in large characters* thereon.

XVIII. And be it ena&edby the authority aforefaid, That any perfon or perfon s, who mall, without due authority, change or deface any of the faid numbers or tablets, or (hall dtftroy Or injure the' iron railing furrounding find euclofure, * or any lamps, globes, or lights ere&ed thereon, or the ftone bafe fupporting the fame, or fuch buddings as are now, or {hall be hereafter ereded on the angles of faid fquare; or fhall injure, abufe, or deftroy any of the railing or lamps of any of the honfes furrounding faid fquare; every fuch perfon (hall, -on due convi&ion thereof, before any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county or dty of Dublin, refpe&ively, forfeit the fum of five pounds fter-ling, over and above all other penalties heretofore in Aided by law for fuch offence ; and on defatdt of payment thereof, be imprifoned for three months, without bail or main*

prize.	'

XIX.	And whereas notwithftanding all poffible oart and attention, the ftone bafe, the iron railing, and the lamp hrme, and lamps furrounding the garden ground of the Lying-m bofpital, may from time to time, come to be injured, and to want repairs, and that they muft reqinre to be annually The "overruns parted over: and whereas it muft tend m the fecunty of nay order fuch laid enplofure, ?md of the neighbourhood in general, that ie, aire to be rewards fhotild be publickly offered for the apprehending wan fin' "and^ Pcr^)n8 v^° ^*11 *njurc or deface the fame, and alfo for the offer a*reward apprehending any ftreet robber, houfe breaker, or other fe-a» herein ;	*	loiiious	perfon,	^vithin extent of faid fquare : be it therefore

enaded as aforefaid, That the governor* of (aid bofpital, and their fucccffors, may caufe and dtre& (uch repairs at from time to time may be wanting thereto, and alfo to offer any *	reward,	not	exceeding ten pounds fterling, for the convic-

tion of any perfon who (hall injure or deface (aid enelofures, or any part of the feveral and refpe&ive premiffes furreuud-mg the fame, or for the apprehenfioa and con vision of any . , a ftreet robber, houfe breaker, or other felonious perfon, and tf c inhabitant*. to and levy the feme by diftrefsis afbre&id, from the

feveral

The. tmftntyrfiflh Feat of: GeqtgftllJU

fevend' tenements refpe&ivdy, according to the proportions; A. D> as fbtodmthefoheduk hereunto annewed,	iy8$*

XX. And in carder to: create a permanent fund for light** C^4d< iirg; the lamps.or globes which may. be placed on. the rails or other fence,endolrng the faid garden ground, and likewifc to promote, the benefit of the (aid hofpital: be. it further, drafted by the authority aforefaid, That, all and each and Honfesinthe every the houfes and tenements, from the boufe of jamef to juy Alexander efquire, at No. i, to. the houfe of the widow	96.

Donnell, at No*.48-, incluiive, as fet. forth in the fche- per foot, dule hereunto annexed, (hall for ever hereafter be chargeable and liable tor tbe. annual payment of one. (hilling and nine penotrfibr each foot, canning meafure, or for. any lefs pro* partita thmafwhkhtfre fronts thereof may contain,, according* as the admeafurcttKmt of. the. refpeftivc fronts are Specified in* the fchcdulc aforefaid, unto the governors and gtiardianiw of the. Lying-in liofpitsd and their fucceffors for oner* for the benefit: thereof* and for the perpetual lighting o£ the lamps on the rail or fence as; aforefaid > the fame to ba paadby equal half yearly payments in every year, on every frpfr af November and firft of May ; the firft payment there*

of to be made 00. tbe flrft day/ of November, one thpufaad fbnm hundredmodi eighty five.

XXI.	And for the due regulation and confiant mainte? . The Jiglui on nance of? lights rn. the front of the feseral houfes on the tail, ^	d

worth and wdfcfides of the (aid fqjiarc; be itena&ed by the i^d fStiareTto authority aforefaid, That: aU lights or lamps now* erefted, be un«r the 4V or hereafter to- he crofted before the faid houfes, (hall be bghtod by. the order and under the direftion of the gover- 80TCrn01?' [ iwrs and guardians of the faid Lying-in hofpital for the	1

Same bang ; andm order tja defray the expence of the fame,

•bey fbftllarve foil power and authority to demand, receive, and levy by diftrefs and fale as. herein after mentioned, the |J. 14*. per , font of thirty four (hillings fielding by the year for each and p*r to be paid every globe, lamp, or lamp iron, which now is erefted or each globe, (hall he crafted hereafter by any inhabitant, occupier or proprietor a£ any of the faid houfes, in the front thereof.

XXII Provided always, That if any inhabitant, occu- lahakitvjt* 'pier, or proprietor of any of the faid houfes, not exceeding &c« *no P«ut thirty fret in front, fhaU omit or neglcft to er.eft, within after forty days after the plffing of this aft, and to keep in con* jng ftaot repair one lamp iron at the leafi, with a proper globe and to keep in or lamp therein on the front Tailing thereof; or if any inha- repair, 6cc. u bit ant, occupier, or proprietor of any of the foid houfes, llcrcw * exceeding thirty and not exceeding forty feet in front, (hall omit qr negleft to ereft, within the time limited as aforefaid, and to keep in confiant repair two lamp irons at the lead, with proper globes or lamps therein, Us aforefaid; or if any

inhabitant.

Tie twntyffih Tier of George III.

forfeit 5*-jT the week while (itch omHhon

mh*bftnnt, occupier, or proprietor of any of the {aid houfo* which (hall exceed forty feet in front, (hail omit or neglect tomd, uitliin the time limited as aforefaid, and to keep in ernftant repair three lamp irons at the lead, with proper globes or lamps therein* as afore (aid, every (uch inhabitant, occupier, or proprietor fo omitting or negle&Mg, upon conviction thereof in manner aforefaid, forfeit unto the laid governors the fum of five (hillings (terling by the week, for every week fnch omiffion or negled (hall continue, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuck ef-' fender.

Gemoon to XXIII, Provided always, That the faid governors and maintain alight gmidians as aforefaid, (hall maintain and uphold a light with as ^°u^e hurneis in each and every of the faid globes and kciciiL	lamp* as aforefaid, from fun fetting to fun nfing throughout

the year, under a penalty of forfeiting to any ‘perfoa who (hall foe for the fame, the fum. of one (hilling fterling for each lamp or globe that (hall remain unlighted for thq fpaee of thjxe hours during faid time; and as often as the cafe (hall (o ha\S)en, nnlefs the fame (hall happen through inevitable neceffity or accident, every fuch forfeiture to be recovered by proof upon oath before any magi ft rate as aforefaid* and to be paid by the treafurer of the (aid hofpital out of the fondl belonging thereunto.

Inhabitant* XXIV. Provided always, That the inhabitants of the emptying wuk	fq^re^ from No. i, to No. 48 indufive, from and

thk7tTm	^<>nT day® from the pafiing of this ad, and on ereffiag

cmpced fiom the lamp irons and furni filing the lamps or globes as herein any ocher tax, required, and on effe&ually maintaining and upholding the as herd*.	feme, ar»d on complying with the feveral rcquifitet in this

ad fpecifted, (hall be for ever after exempted from any tax or impofition whatfoever irapofed by virtue of any law * "	now in force or hereafter to be made for the lighting or

:	regulating	the lamps of the city of Dublin, or any part

thereof.

XXV. And whereas it has been heretofore provided by an ad made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his Recital of 24 prefent Majefty, entitled, An a8 for the paving and £ghto% Oeo.	the city *f Dublin, and for other purpofe9; that fuch part of

Caverdifti-ilreet and Granby-row, not included in the limits of faid fquare, as alfo that part of Great Britain-ftreet op-pofite to Granby-row and the hofpttal, (hould contribute, together with the faid fquare, a fum not exceeding fix pence by the foot in a rateable proportion, according to their fo vcral and refpedive fronts* towards the maintenance and fup. port of a watch or patrole, to confift of eight able and creditable watchmen : And whereas inafmuch as the feid fquare cr.d feveral of the faid rows or ftreets are moftly bulk upon

ooe

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Tear qf George IIL

one fide only, whereby the rate of fix pence by the foot hath been found infuflicient and inadequate to the intended purpofe 2 be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the governor of faid Lying-in hofpital may, on an accurate furvey to be returned upon oath, and on a juft and exaft calculation grounded thereon, raife and levy off the inhabitants, occupiers, or proprietors of the feveral houfes foot for lup* in the faid feveral ftreets, parts of ftreets, rows, and fiquare, port of a watch as aforefaid, in a rateable proportion by the foot, according wherein, to the number of feet in length which the faid feveral houfes (hall refpedlivcly contain in front, the fum of one hundred and twenty eight pouuds fterling by the yeay, being at the rate of one (hilling per foot, running meafure, on faid feveral houfes, for the fupport and maintenance of faid watch, to be paid hal^jrearly, on every firft of May and firft of November ; the firft payment thereof to be made on the firft of November next; the faid fum to be expended in paying twelve pounds iterlir.g by the year for each watchman rcfpec-tively ; fixteen pounds fterling by the year for a conftable to fuperintend and direct the fame ; and twelve pounds fterling by the year, to procure fire, candle light, and ofher accommodations for them ; and the remainder thereof, that is to fay, four pounds iterling for other contingencies, and the collection of the fum ; the fame to be recovered by diftrefs and fale, as herein after mentioned, in cafe of non payment thereof on demand.

XXVI.	Provided always, That faid governors and guar- Security to be dians (hall require and recei ve one or more fuflicient fecurity given for each or fecurities in the penalty of twenty pounds fterling for

each and every of the faid eight watchmen as aforefaid, and like wife one or more fuflicient fecurity or fecurities in the penalty of one hundred pounds fterling for the conftable of faid watch as aforefaid, conditioned for the due performance and obfervance of all fuch rules, orders, and regulations as (hall be made by the faid governors^ touching their duty or conduit in their refpeil ive offices.

XXVII.	Provided always, That all and every houfe or Houfes co-

houfes that are, or may be,, from time to time roofed in and wed with covered with Hates in any of the ftreets or rows aforefaid, are, ftreets or and (hall be held and deemed liable to their refpe&ive propor- rowsfubjjea to tional payment of the faid fum of one hundred and twenty- faid tax <5f is. eight pounds.	per foot.

XXVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Upon default That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the governors and of payment of guardians of the faid Lying-in hofpital, and their fucceffors

for ever, or any perfon or perfons by them authorized and fc^\he tenuT* appointed, and to and for the overfeers herein named, or any by diftrsfi. perfon or perfons by them appointed, on default of payment

' 5*5

A. D.

1785. Chap. 43.

Houfes men-





IJlailizadiyJ^CK^le

If aeyfoblick

•d nr damaged, febtupjucd

^Uicid

The trveniyfftb Teat of GeorgellL

of any of the feveral fums or rates herein before enaAed and direAed to be raifed, levied, and paid to them refpectively, to enter into and upon each and any of thehpufesof the.pcr-fons hereby feverally charged or chargeable thereon, and to levy the faide by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of every inha. bitant, occupier, or proprietor refufmg or negleAing to pay the fame, rendering the overplus of fuch did refs, if any, unto fuch inhabitant, occupier, or proprietor, after deducing thereout the fum of one fhilling in the pound for the exigence incurred in coDyAing the fame.

XXIX.	And whereas the laws now in being have been or con- found infufficient to prevent the pubHck fountains or conduits U delroy-	c{ty	Gf	Dublin	from	being	deftroyed	or damaged by

evj difpofed perfons : for remedy whereof* be it enaAed by the authority afbrefaid, That if any publick fountain or conduit fhall he deftroyed or damaged between the fetting and rifing of the fun, the cpfts. and charges of reindating or rtr pairing the fame, fhall be paid by the churcbAvardensof the j'.ariih wherein fuch fountain or conduit hath been, or Anil he creAed, unlefs they fhall apprehend and profecute to cmw vision, in the manner preferibed by the aA palled in the twenty third and twenty fourth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the more effeAually paving, deanfing, and lighting the ftreets of the city of Dublin, the perfon or perfons who deftroyed or damaged fuch fountain or conduit, or unkft they fhall prove that fuch damage or injury was done or committed between fun-rife and fun-fet; which faid cods and charges (hall be paid and recovered as by the faid a& k di-ig&cd.

XXX And whereas it has been found impolOble to ob-f<;rvc federal of ihe reftriftions laid down in the faid aA of the twenty third and twenty fourth years of his prefent M*-fefty** reign, as to the diftances between each lamp in this city, and the manner of ercAing them: be it enaAed by the After rtCcg	*f°rcfaid,	That	from	and	after	the paffing of this

thhaS, to * fo much thereof as prescribes the manner in which much cf & fuch lamps are to be ereAcd, and the diftancc between each, 34 of	ft|?B be repealed and made null and void, and the fame (haH

rt> ^	lighted, and fixed at fuch diftances, and in

fuch manner ns the direAora and commiffioneis appointed by the (aid aA, or any five or more of them (hall think proper.

Deult^oa XXXI And whereas doubts have arifen on the conftnjc? & 14 o v with tion of the clatifes in the faid aA of the thirteenth and tour-tdjpeato the teenth years of his prefent Majefty’a reign, which relates to the rammer in which the ftreaks of wheels fhall be fet on: every tut, be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That frorp and without having afijr the firft day of Augpfl next* every cart,* car, or

brewer**

The twenty-fifth Yeartf George HI.	\$tj

brcwerfa dray, plying or employed within this city, the A. D. fuburbs or liberties, without. having the wheeh <rf die rc-	i 78^.

fpediye breadths mentioned in faid aft, and the (freaks let	Chap* 4 j.

on with flat-headed bolts, or flat-headed nails, counter A ruck	<■ —

in fucb manner as not to rife above the Areak, (hall be Tub- the wheels of jed to all the forfeitures and penalties by law ena&ed againft	M

carts, cars, or drays plying or employed without licence deemed plyliup from the governors of the Foundling hofpital and Work* without Uakee* honfe.

XXXII.	And to prevent all doubts concerning the nuifi- Houfes in faid ber of Feet contained in the front of the houfes Ground the f4uarc % faid fquare: beyt enaded by the authority aforefaid. That rmtcd ** the faid. houfes (hall be rated and pay according to the number of Feet and-parts of feet refpeftivcly dated oppofite to each in the fchedule hereunto annexed, and that the fame he detrned and taken to be the menfnration of filth houfes within the meaning of this ad; and that the fame* and the fchedule hereunto annexed, fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a.publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of ApabllckaA* ns fuch by all judges, jullices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the feme ; and that the fame do pafs without fees.

A SCHEDULE of the fcveral Houfes around 'Rutland* " The fchedule. Square, fpecifying by whom inhabited, occupied, or owned; asalfo the Number of Fe^t and Parts of Feet contained in their feveral Fronts refpedively.

No.	Feet.	Inch.
1 James Alexander, Efq;	3°	.7
2 George Montgomery, Efq;	2*	6
3 The Rev. Dean Handcock,	*4	3
4 The Right Hpn. Lord Chin more,	43	0
5 Mrs. Magan, Widow,	28	6
6 Mrs. Gardiner, Widow,	28	6
7 George Cockburne, Efq;	34	7
8 Mrs. Jane Hamilton,	26	9
9 Mifs Hogan,	27	4
10 Right Hon. Lady Dowager Lohgford,	ft	ti
11 John Butler, Efq;-	54	t
12 Arthur Dawfon, Efq;	33	to
*3 Crofton Vandeleure, Efq;	’34	1
x 4 Richard Newlle, Efq; -	3*	^0
rk Mrs Daly, Widow, - -	3*	"9 *
13 ItigEt Hon. W„ Brab. Ponfbnbjr,	*9	X
i*7 Thomas Cobbe, £fq;	19	*3
11 The Vifeollnt Farnhazfc, - >	43	. "9
	:*9 JUgbt	

Digitized by

Google

ji«

A D. 1785.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George 111.

No.		Feet. Inch.	
19 Right Hon. Jtiftfce Kelly,	-	28	9
20 Thomas Burroughs, Efq;	-	3*	6
a 1 He&or Graham, Efq;	•	33	0
33 Earl of Charlerrtont,	-	100	0
23 John Staplesj Efq;	-	35	e
34 Mrs. Stewart, Widow,	-	28	0
25 Mrs. Dunn, Widow,	-	•8	XI
26 Mrs. Ram, Widow,	-	3°	6
37 Mrs. Lowthcr, Widow,	-	3*	1
38 William Deane, Efq;	-	5*	3
29 Mrs. Canning, Widow,		28	0
30	Mrs. Hamilton, Widow,  31			Warren, Efq;	•	28  28	1  0
33 Andrew Ram, Efq;		28	0
33 Sir Pigot Piers, Bart.	.	36	5
34 Thomas Adderley, .Efq;	-	35	n
35 Mrs. Balfour, Widow,	-	3®	0
36 Right Rev. Lord Bilhop of Ferns,	-	3°	c
37 Arthur Graham, Efq;	-	30	0
38 The Vifcount Ennifkillcn,	-	31	0
39 Mrs Wilde, Widow,	•	3°	7
40 Robert Howard, Efq;	*	30	6
41 Right Hon. Lord Erne,	-	32	3
42 John Bateman, Efq;	•	30	0
43 Mrs. TennifTon, Widow,	•	28	9
44 Hon. John Baron Dillon,	-	*7	2
45 Nathaniel Montgomery, Efq;	-	28	8
46 Mrs Hail, Widow, - •	-	21	4
47 Stephen Wybrants, Efq;	•	26	4:
48 Mr. Me. Donnell, Widow,	-	‘ 16	2

CHAP. XLIV

Amended O. 3. €. 22.

*7 An AB for the more fteedy and eajy Recovery of fmall Debt, in the Manor Courts wifi in this Kingdom, and for regulating the Cojls oj Proceedings for that purpofe therein.

'XTTHEREAS the prefent mode of proceeding to re* ▼ ▼ cover debts in the manor courts of this kingdom, Is attended with great delay and expence: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, hr •tid with the advice and confent of the lords fptritual aad temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the The foe&hak	®f Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty

and towards of	it /hall and may be lawful to and for the federal feoef-

chats and Rewards of manors within this kingdom, except

in



Digitized by v^,ooQle

The twentyfifth Tear of George IIL . ,	537

In the county of Dublin, or the county of the city of Dub-	A. D.

.lin, in all cafe? of debt, ajjumfcfit and infimul computaffunt^ not	. 1785*

.exceeding the fum of ten pounds; and in all cafes of quaar	Chap.44.

turn meruit, trover, trefpafs9 or. detinue, not exceeding the	* —y— J

fum of five pounds, and within the fum to which the jurif- pianors, except .di&ion of the (aid feveral manor courts were rcfpedively SaWin° or^co .limited by the grants or charters under which the (aid re- 0( the city of* fpedive courts are held, and where the caufe of adion fhaU Dnblin, are «n-ariic within the jurifdidion of the faid courts, upon appli- powered in cafes cation for that purpofe, to iffue, or caufe to be iffued, a fnnun0nft^ ecc fummona or procefs in the name of fuch fenefchal or (teward, M herein, returnable to tbe next court to be held by fuch fenefchal or Reward within fuch manor: provided that there (hall,be feven days betwecu the day of fuch fervice and fuch court day ; which faid fummons or procefs (hall exprefs the names of the parties, plaintiffs and defendants, the caufe of adion, and the day and place of appearance.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Tofummoa it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid fenefchals i1**8?*

and Rewards of manors, to fummon, or caufe to be fum-moned, fufficient juries of their refpedive manors, to try, and true verdids give in all fuch caufes., and with the like powers to fuch fenefchals and Rewards, to enforce the attendance of fuch jurors as fuch fenefchals or llewards nqw .have by law to enforce the attendance of jurors at their refpedive manor courts, in caufes within their refpedive jurif-didions.

III.	And be it enaded by tbe authority aforefaid. That it fhaU and may be lawful to and for fuch fenefchals and *

(lewards after due proof (hall have been made upon oath be- Alter proof fore fuch fenefchals or (lewards, of the due. and legal fervice °Prn ot^b of of fuch fummonfes or proceffes upon or at the defendant’s

ufual place of abode, the fame being” w ithin fuch manor, upon defendants

and they arc refpedivtly hereby required and dir ded with- &c. fenefchals

out any formal pleadings, or other proceedings than fuch as llewards

are by law direded and appointed with refped to civil bills, ^^rocee® M

to proceed to try and enquire into, and determine the matter

complained of, upon examination of witneffes in open court,

before the (aid fenefchal, or ileward, and jury, and make a

decree upon the verdid, to be given by fuch jury for the

plaintiff, and to iffue an execution thereon returnable on the

next court day, for the fum which (hall be found due by

fuch verdid, together with five (hillings and eleven pence

halfpenny colls, and no more, fuch execution to be direded

to the bailiff or marihal of fuch manor, againfl cither the

body or goods of the defendant, at the eledion of the party

*m the fame manner as judges of aflize are empowered and

direded to award execution upon the hearing of civil bills,

'	and





Ji8

Compulfory fbmmonft* or proctfs.

Tie tnvcnlgfifth Tear pf George III.

and which execution every fuch bailiff or marihtl k hereby *<Hrtded and required to execute in bice ^maimer as execution* or other judicial procefc ittahig out iif flich manor courts are now executed; and if the plaintiff or 'pttotfflh *111411 not proceed upon any futh fumtnons or pmcefr which (hall be fo iffued and ferved tn his or their bSiatf, or fhafl be difmiffed upon the hearing or trial of any Toth Caiife, or if a verdidt (hall'be thereupon found for the Jdifbudaut or defendants, then every hid* fenefchxl or’ftewart * (hall and may award the fum of hvc thillmgs and eleven pence half-penny, avid no mere, at c^fb againft every foch plaintiff, to be paid to the defendant or defendants, and fflbe execution for the fame, in like manner as herein bfcfote' is dirtied: provided that no filch execution ftudl'iffue' ag&ffT the btfdy of either plaintiff or defendant, ilidefs filch coiht'be authorized by the chatter creating the fame, to iffue fuch xwcution.

IV.	A nd be it further ena&ed by the anthorityaforefakl, >Th<tt It (hall* and may* be lawful for * every fuch fertefcfial or 'freward, and they arc refpe&ively hereby recurred, at the "deftre of either 'party, to iffue * ctfmpulfory luufmonfes or procefs,* to be dire&ed to any inhabitant of. Or perfon or peirfons refitting within fQch manor, to appear'it afty court to be held within fuch manor, arid teftify concerning any matter or Caufe depending therein ; arid that every inhabitant of, Or perfcn redding within fuch manor,* &h6 ‘(hall be “duly ferved With fuch fummotis or prOcefs at the haft three days before the day of trial of fuch a&ion, to appear and ifefttfy*concerning any matter or *caufe To depehding/fhall be Obliged to appear andgivc teftimbny thetefn, on beitjg fittid Or tenderrt thefum of 6ne Thilling aiid dfte~petiffy for Tlis Or her expenees ; and that if any petfonk having been ilrft'doly ferved With ftich fufrirnons, arid patiAbr tendered the 'fifld fUm of ottc iWllmg and 6ne penny, fhadl refufcxiromit tofcppeir and give his of her teftimoriy in' puVfdance thereof, TftCry fuch perfon To refuting, (hall forfeit >afiy ftfm fiot ex-'fceMmg the fum of tWnfy (hiUiogs,* which fuch feftefehal or ^fttWlrt fhall thihk tit, td the party Who tabfi&hirri or her t6‘be ferved with fuch fum mans of proCefs ; and it ihaff aM may be lawful to and for fuch feiiefchal, at the ddire of fuch 'party; in like manner to iffue an execution Torthe fame, agtmft fcvtry fuch w itnefs fo refufing to attend and give evidence.

* V. Provided 'always. That it (hall and r*n$Y be lawful to ApMtlto "4nd for atty perfon who (hall think him or thcmfelves ag-)«dgtfof alBca, "grieved by airy fuch decree, any time before the next county ankcrtin, day, to appeal therefrom torthe next going judges^^f affizi, ‘whtTift hereby empowered and required to rehear the fatd '	*	*	'	Caufe,

The twenty-fifth Tear of George XII.	529

caufe, in the fame manner as they are empowered and di* A. D. refted to do in the cafes of civil bills, and to iffue a decree 1785. and execution thereon, in like manner as decrees and execu-	Chap. 44.

tions are awarded and iflued upon the hearing of civil bills,	t

and every fuch fenefchal or fteward is hereby required to flop Further proceedings on every fuch decree, upon the party appealing therefrom, entering into a bond to the party obtaining luch decree, with fufficient fecurity in double the fum awarded by fuch decree, conditioned to pay the faid fum, with lawful intereft for the fame ; and alfo double coils in cafe fuch appeal fliall not be proceeded upon, or in cafe on the hearing of fuch appeal, the faid decree lhall be affirmed.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That fuch caufes as (hall Caufe* iitfti-be inilituted in purfuance or by virtue of this aft, before o^thii^dTlhaU any fuch fenefchal or fteward, (hall not in the courfe thereof not be removed be removed into any of his Majefty’a fuperior courts of re- to a fuperior cord in this kingdom, and that the determination of fuch tourl* fenefchal or fteward, or of the judges of aflize upon fuch

appeal, lhall be final and conclufive to all parties, and lhall not be controverted or reverfed by any cdurt of law in this kingdom : provided, That in any fuch aft ion hereby appointed to be tried in the faid manor courts, or in any of the proceedings thqreon, the title of lands lhall not be drawn Into queftion, and that in all the faid proceedings, the defendant or defendants lhall have the benefit of all matters in bis, her, or their defence, that he, file, or they might have had, if fued in the ordinary forms of the common law, or in any court of equity.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Executions That in every cafe where an execution lhall be obtained and be rehewed, ’as* not executed, the party fuing out the fame on return thereof herein.

may obtain a renewal direfted in like manner to the bailiff or marlhal.

VIII.	Provided always, That no renewal of any fuch ex- Renewing

ecution (hall be ilfued or granted by any fuch fenefchal or fuch execution fteward, unkfs it (hall firft appear to fuch fenefchal or fteward without fuch on oath, that the party applying for fuch renewal had really	^

and truly ufed legal and necelTary diligence, in order to have

fuch former execution executed; and in cafe any fuch fenefchal or fteward lhall grant any renewal of fuch execution without fuch proof having been made as before is appointed and direfted, every fuch feneftrhal or fteward lhall in every fuch cafe forfeit the fum of ten pounds fterling, the fame to be recovered by civil bill.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, pcct#

That the feveral'fees and fums following, and none other, lhall be paid or taken from any perfon filing or being fued in

Vol. VII.	h	1	fuch

Digitized,

tbyGoogfe

Saving to manor court* hav ing junididion to hold pica for greater lunn than aforciaid.

Court* are to he held at direded by the patent*, Sec.

’ penalty on faveariipfeUeiy

6ec, to enter into fccurity; nc-gleding to cxe-tuuany decf« c, Stc liable to the debt and dama-g«4.

The twenty-fifth Tear George tit

fuck court** that if to fey* to the fanafekal, foe ifluiog his fummooe and figniag fame, oik ftuUia** and one penny; to the attorney for entering the plaint ana attending tbe hcariag of the cauft, if any Cach attorney dj attend two ikiliinga and two pcqce ; to the fccxfahal for entering the plaint, one Bulling aud one penny ; and for every exocation made out aad figned, the fum of two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny; and Cor every renewal thereof the fum of fix pence halfpenny and no more; for the bond and bail taken on an appeal* one Bulling and one penny; to the bath'ff or marihal for fummoo-ing a jury* one (hilling and one penny ; and to the bailiff or warftat lix pence halfpenny for the hrft, and three pence far every pound after, which he (hall levy, under any execution directed to him as. aforefaid: provided, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to abridge the jurifdi&ion of any manor court having jorifiii&ion to hold pka far greater fuma that) the fuma hereto before mentioned* or to retrain fuclv court from proceeding in canfes exceeding the fuma herein before mentioned, according to the aviiijiiyry rules of Itw. x

X.	And be k further ^aded by the authority afbrefaid* That fuch court* 0>aD be held as aforefaid, at the rimes and in the manner dire died by the federal patents* under which the (aid courts are held throughout the year, and all and ewer.y the fenefchals or Rewards of tbe faid manors re-fpe&iwly* are hereby empowered to adminiftcr oaths to aS fuch witness as (hall be produced befare them by either party, and alfo fuch oaths, as ate herein appointed to be adminiftered, in order to cany the feveral proceedings to be had aud taken in purfuance or by virtue of this a& iuto execution ; and in cafe ?ny perfou or perfons examined on oath therein, by virtue of this acf, (hall commit wilful pequry, and be thereof convicted'duly, according to lawr, he or (he (hall fuffer fuch punilhment, as by the laws now in being, a per ton convicted of wilftil perjury » fubjedl tr>.

XI* And be it further enabled by the authority afbrefaid, That the feveral perfons who (hall be appointed bailiffs or marfhals to fenefchals, (hall enter into fequrity with two full ficiciu fureties in tlie fum of fifty pounds to the (rnefchal of Reward of fuch maoois re^jecfivcly, conditioned for the faithful difclttrge of his faid office; and if fuch bailiff (haft wilfully neglect or delay tbe execution of any fuch decree do* livered unto him to execute, cr haring levied the fame, (hall refufe, omit or decline to pay unto the bailiff the amount thereof, the faid bailiff and his fureties (hall be liable to the payment of the debt and damages in fuch decree or execution mentioned, to be recovered by civil bilk

XIL And

Digitized by

Google

Thetwenty fifth Teat of George III.

XII.	And be it alfo further enafted by the authority afore faid, That every fuch fenefchal (hall keep a court boo* in which he (hall make a regular entry of every caufc pro* ceeded on within his jurifdiftion and manor, and of the plaintiffs and defendants names, the witnefles that (hall be (worn to give evidence, and the amount of the fum that (hall be pronounced due, a duplicate whereof he (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered at every felBons to the clerk of the peace of the county wherein fuch manors are fituated, to be kept as a record of faid county ; and in cafe any fenefchal (hall offend herein, he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence a film of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, by any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame.

XIII.	Provided always. That no fummons, procefs, plaint, plea, judgment, decree, execution, warrant, affidavit, or proceeding to be had or taken in the faid manor

^ courts, in purfuance or by virtue of this aft, (hall be charged or chargeable with the payment of any damp duty to his Majedy, his heirs or fucceflbrs; any layv in this kingdom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

51*

A. D,

17 «J.

Senefchnl to ket p a court book as herein * penalty xol.

Summonfes, &cc. in manor courts exempt from flamp duty.

CHAP. XLV1I*

An A&for amending the feveral Law* relating to the regiflering of wills and Deeds in the Regj/lry Office of this Kingdom, and for the better regulating and conducing the Bufinsfs of the faidOffice,

WHEREAS the regidry of deeds, purfuant to an aft of Parliament paifed in this kingdom in the fixth year of the reign of her late Majedy queen Anne, entitled, An aft for the publish regiflering of all deeds, convey* ances, and wills that Jball be made of any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and alto to another aft for amending the fame, made in the eighth year of her faid late Majedy queen Anne, has been found of general and great utility ; and whereas the hours heretofore appointed by the faid fird recited aft, for the attendance of the regider or his deputy, are fince found to be very inconvenient to the publick j be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpixitual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament adembledk and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June next, fo much of a claufe in the (aid fird recited aft, which requires the attendance of the faid regider or his deputy, between the hour* of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and between the hours of three and fix in the

L 1 a	alter*

6th qucell Anne, c. a.

8th Anne, c. 10.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

afternoon, be, and the fame is hereby repealed; an< from and after the time aforefaid, tut faid regifter.

u relates to hours of attendance of the regift cr or deputy repealed, &c.

I.

8th Geo c 15. f. 2.

1 dative to negative certificates ;

and that

remitter, or hia

fufficient deputy, (hall give due attendance at ins office every day in the week, except Sundays and holidays, between the hours of ten of the clock in the foreno,on and four of the clock in the afternoon, for difpatcli of all bufinefs belonging to the faid office.

II And whereas by an aft of Parliament, parted in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majefty, King George the firft, entitled, An aft for explaining drtd amending two federal a8s in relation to the public k regijlry of all deeds, conveyances and wills, it is enaded, That when any perfon or per-fons (hall come to the regifter, and require any negative certificate to be given, the perfon fo requiring the fame fhall deliver unto, and lodge with the regifter or his deputy, a note in writing under his hand, in the words in the faid recited afts particularly mentioned, or to *hat effeft, and that on delivery of fuch note, the faid regifter or his deputy fhall file the fame, and give to fuch perfon a negative certificate in the words or to the effeft in the faid recited afts alfo mentioned: and whereas fuch form as is thereby preferibed for giving and requiring certificates, commonly called negative certificates, hath been found by experience fo be attended with fo much trouble, delay, and expence, by reafon of the very great cncreafc of memorials depollted in faid office, that the intent of taking out fuch negative certificates hath been in a great meafure truftrated, and the praftice thereof very much difufed ; and it would tend to the advantage and fecurity of _ ptirchafcrs and mortgagees if the regifter fiiould be at liberty

ioc* me lornt *	°	r*	e	.	Pf	,	.	J

tenor of fuch to hmit and confine his fcarch, and inch negative certificate

note and nega- as is or (hall be intended to be founded thereon to particular tivc certifi ate periods of time, lands and perfons: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid claufe in the faid laft recited aft as preferibes the form or tertor of fuch note in writing, to be delivered to, and lodged with the faid regifter or his deputy, as a foundation for a fcarch in the faid regifter office, and which alfo preferibes the form or tenor of a negative certificate to be given thereon, be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that frotn and after the time of parting this aft, it fhall and may be lawful for every perfon •requiring any certificate, commonly calLd a negative certificate, to deliver unto, or lodge withthe faid regifter or his deputy at the faid office, a note or' memorandum, fairly written on parchment, and figned wjth his name in the following words, viz.

fo mu< h of laid acfc a*, pre-feribe* the lorra

repeale i, &c. at herein,

I defire to know what memorial or memorials are entered in your office, of any deeds, conveyances, or wills made by (naming

4

Digitized by

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

ang the perfon or perfons) of or concerning, (naming the manor, lands, tenements, or hereditaments) in the county of fince the	' day of

And upon delivery of fuch jaote, the regifter or hia deputy (hall file the fame, and (ball as foon as conveniently may be, jgive to the perfon requiring the fame, a negative certificate to the following effed, viz.

Upon diligent ftarch made in the regifter** office, from the	Form	ofane-

day of	I	do	not	find	any	memorial of any deed, gative ccrnfi-

conveyance, or will made by (naming the perfon) of or con- c*tc# cerning, (mentioning the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ) in the county of	from	the day aforefaid, until

the date hereof except the momorial herein after mentioned,

IVitnefs my hand and feal tbit	day of

III. And whereas the mode preferibed by the firft: men- So much of tioned a 61 for regiftering memorials of deeds and convcyan- the faid firft a St ces, made and executed in any place, not within fixty miles .regulate* the of the city of Dublin, ^is uncertain and inconvenient; be it r^Tl enaded, That fo much of the faid ad as relates to the re- deeds, &c. giftering of fuch memorials (hall be and is hereby re- repealed, pealed, and that in all cafes where the lands, tene- where lands, ments, or hereditaments contained in any deed or convey- &c. in any deed, ance are not fituate in the county of Dublin, or in the ^c* are not fitu-county of the city of Dublin, a memorial of fuch deed ^emori^therc-or conveyance fhall be entered by the regiiler or his deputy, 0f (hall be en-in cafe an affidavit fwom before one of the judges at the af- tered in cafe an fizes, ox before the juftices of the j&fece at the general quar- j^J*J** ter feflions of the county where fuch lands, tenements, or	^

hereditaments lie, or before a perfon commiffioned for taking affidavits in the country, purfuant to the ad of Parliament in that cafe made and provided, and for which a fum of one	1

(hilling and fix pence ft. all be paid, to the perfon or perfons taking fuch affidavit, fhall be brought with the memorial to the faid regifter or his deputy, whertin one of the witnefTes to the execution of fuch deed or conveyance, fhall fwear he or fhe faw the fame executed, and the memorial figned and fcaled as by the faid ad is direded.

to be filed.

CjlA?

Tbf ttuuty-Jiftk Tcsr a/Gauge III.

Sfi

A. D.

CHAP. XLVI1I.

Continued, 28 U $* c. ^6.

f.9.

y/v y&7 for granting the Sums of Twenty Thoufvtd founds* Five Thoufaud Pounds,	Four f bostfand Pounds* to cer-

tain Truftessr and Jor promoting the frvcral Manufactures therein named\

By in aa tk'u \X7^ E RE A S by an ad pa(Ted in this kingdom this frftlon, c. i. f. * * prefect fefllon of Parliament, entitled, An a£t for 39- ^5,*6oo\. granting unto bis Majrfly, bis heirs and fucceflbrs t an additional "hedas p^rl'ia	011	hides,	beer, ale, and other goods a ad merchant

pent fhould di dizes therein mentioned ; and for prohibiting the importation of all ic£l ;	gold andfiver lace, and of ml cambricks and lawns, except of the

manufoSure of Great Britain ; and of all bops, except of the growth of Great Britain, and the Britift Plantations ; and of off glafsj except from Great Britain ; the fum of ninety five thou-fand fix hundred pounds, was granted to be applied in fuch manner as Parliament Ihould dired, for the advancement of fifheries, trade and manufadures, and the maintenance of hofpitals, charities, and publick inAitutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other publick works : he it enaded by the King's moft ex-•	ccllent Majeily, by and with the advice and confent of tire

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons iu this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, •0x001. part That the fum of twenty thoufand pounds, part of the faid fom n‘net7 ^ve thoufand fix hundred pounds, be paid to the perlofu the thirteen perfons following, that is to fay, the right ho* hdcfin named, nourable John Fofter, chancellor of the exchequer, fir John forpayiag Parnell, baronet, Samuel Hayes, efqnire, John Tydd, ef* h(im; ki"ltTn'the tluire’ Travers Hartley, efquire, Jofcn Wolie, efquire, right trum-fi^uren of honourable William Conyngham, right honourable Luke wool,	Gardiner, Cornelius Bolton, efquire, fir Lucius O'Brien,

baronet, right honourable John Beresford, the honourably Richard Hely Hutchinfpn, and Thomas Burgh, efquire, accountant general, who are hereby conilituted and appointed tniftees to cany this a & into execution, to be by them, or any feven or more of them, expended in paying bounties on the home fale of the manufadures of wool, wool mixed, cotton, cotton mixed, thread, kentings, Spa cam-brick, iron and copper, and on filk gauzes, made in this kingdom, under the feveral conditions, provifions, limitation^ and reftridions herein after mentioned, and under fuch other conditions, limitations, and provifions, and after fuch rates* and at fuch times,, and upon fuch fpecies of the (aid

Several



\

The twentyjiftb	of George J1J.	$

fcveral articles as the feid iruftees or tny fevfcn or more of A. D. them, fhall from time to time dire&, limit and appoint,	17$ f.

II.	And be it further eroded by the authority afolefaid, Chap. 48.

That all facli bounties (hall be payable in a larger propor-

tion on goods mauufadured at a diftance from the city of 9»id bounties Dublin, than on thofe manufa&ured in it, or within the diftance of ten miles of it, except where any goods fhaH be gtjoSTnianuftus-manufa&ured at any fa&ory eftablifhed before the parting of turtd at a dif-this ad, between five and ten mftes diftance from the faid tain* from city wherein the work is carried on by machinery moved by 2ofe*manufac-water, or wherein thirty perfons at the leaf! are conftantly turcj jn jt# employed, in which cafe all fuch goods may receive the full cept as herein, and largeft proportion of bounty, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	>Providefl always, and be it cnaded. That of the faid 8-2oths of

ium of twenty thoufand pounds, eight-twentieth parts faid fum to ma*

thcreof (hall be applied in bounties to manufa&urera of wool, oufsaurers tif

and wool mixed ; fix other twentieth parts thereof in boon- W<£ jotiwtot|>e

ties to the manufactures of cotton, and cotton mixed; three co ton mixed2

other twentieth parts thereof in bounties to the matiufac- ;*soths to

ture of thread, kentings, and Spa cambricks; two other lhrrad, t-c.

twentieth parts thereof in bounties to the manufactures of	V?

.	r	.	,	. .	.	r	.	to iron, &c.

jron and copper, and one other twentieth part thereof in ^soth to (ilk bounties to the manufadure of filk gauze, and that towards gauze, 2 per the expences of carrying this ad into execution, a deduc- cent' deducted tion of two per centum be made on the payment of all faid <m Paymcnu bounties.

IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	deemed

That the manufadure of hats be deemed a woollen manufac-	iTwooi,

ture within the meaning of this ad, provided wool, or red he. be mixed * wool be mixed in the manufadure thereof, and that the therein, bounties on the manufadure of iron be confined to the manufadure of feythes, tinned plates, or plates for tinning,

H.	T. and butt hinges^ trace chains, and double linked back-bands.

V And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* Soaol. far lliat a further fum of five thoufand pounds, part of the faid ^empIo^ecL *° fum of ninety-five thoufand fix hundred pounds, be paid to not nearer than the faid truftees, to be by them expended in diftributing o miles of wheels, reels, looms, fpinning jennies, carding machines* Dublin, *c. as and other implements, to be employed not nearer than ten hcrcin* miles to the faid city of Dublin, and in encouraging and af*

/ifting fuch perfons as may be willing to remove any of the	1

foregoing man ufa* urea from the faid city or its liberties, td

the diftance of ten miles at the leaft from the fame, and tot

wards forming and eftablifhing woollen markets, in fuch

manner and under fuch conditions as they or any feven

J»



Digitized by

53<>

The twenty-ffthTear of George III.

ltte of worfted goods called new drapery, &c.'

A. D. or more of them, (hall from time to time dired and zp-1785. point.

Chap. 48. VI. And for the eftablifhment of markets for the file of worked goods, which mult materially promote the manufac-A bounty of ture thereof in the country parts of Ireland : be it further ever *iool °va- cuaded by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be paid -	*	out of the proportion of the faid fum of twenty thoufand

pounds, appointed for the woollen manufacture, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fell any kind of worfted goods, called new-drapery, in any market, which now is or which (hall be duly eitablifhed for the purpofc, at a diftance not lefs than twenty miles from the faid city of Dublin, a bounty of fifty (hillings for each one hundred pounds value of faid goods, fo fold in open market, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, over and above all other fcountics which (hall or may be payable on the fame ; and that out of the purchaser the faid proportion appointed for the woollen manufacture, Hull receive at or Gut of the laid fum of five thoufand pounds, as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them (hall appoint, there (hall be paid to the perfon who (hall purchafe the greatteft amount in value of worfted goods, called new drapery, at any fuch market, an additional bounty of fifty (hillings for every one hundred pounds value, and fo in proportion for any greater or lets quantity, over and above all other bounties which (hall or may be payable on the fame.

VII.	And for improving the quality of worfted yarn fop warps: be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

lni^halWecavc"	out	^le	^um	^vc thoufand pounds there (ball

for each of the be paid to «ich perfon who (hall open and keep a fchool after the palling of this ad, at any place or diftance at lead twenty miles from the faid city of Dublin, a bounty of five pounds for each of the firft fix children who fhall be thoroughly infti uded at fuch fchool to the fatisfadion of the faid truftees in the fpinning of worfted yam for warps: provided, That a fimilar bounty raifed by private contribution pr fubfeription be paid at the faid time to the perfon inftrud-ing faid children.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no bounty (hall be paid by virtue of this ad out of any part of the (aid fum of twenty thoufand pounds to any perfon or perfons who fhall not prove to the fatisfa&ion of the faid truftees, that he, (he, or they keep at leaft one apprentice for each journeyman he, (he, or they employ^ of that every journeyman, undertaker, or workman employed by him, her, or them in making or caufing to be made the manufacture for which the bounty is claimed, keeps at leaft four apprentices, or declares upon oath, that he or (he are hot interred or prevented from keeping four apprentices by any

combi-

the rate of ll. IO«. bounty for every idol.

Perfon* who keep fchool 20

firft fix children inftrurfed in fpinning of worfted yarn for wax pit 5I.

Perfon* receiving bounty (hall Keep one apprentice for each journeyman, 6cc.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	537

•ombination, agreement or by-law, nor unlefg the perfon or A. D. perfon s claiming (hall alfo prove that he, (he, or they has	1785.

not or have not entered into or acceded to any combination Chap. 48. to raife or advance the price of wages, or to limit the num-	V

ber of apprentices, or times or mode of taking them, or the hours of working, or having entered into or acceded to any fuch combination, (hall prove that he, (he, or they has or have withdrawn from the fame, and fhall alfo declare upon oath his, her, or their renunciation thereof and perfeft freedom therefrom.'

IX.	Provided always, That any agreement which may

have been mutually made, previous to the palling of this ad, ^combination, between employers and workmen, for fettling the price of except deemed wages, (hall not be deemed a combination to raife the price f® by the truf-of wages, fo as to preclude any perfon from claiming or re- teC1, ceiving the faid bounty, unlefs the faid truftees fhall deem it to be fuch, and alfo that the condition of keeping any number of apprentices or of the journeymen, or undertaker or workman, keeping any number, or declaring that he or fhc is not deterred therefrom, may be difpenfed with by the faid truftees,* in the claims foy bounty on any manufacture, where it fhall appear to them from the particular circumftances attending the mode of working therein, that the good intentions of this ad would Jje defeated by fuch condition.

X.	And be it further enaded, That no fuch bounty (hall Double cotton

b« paid on any cotton goods made with double cotton warps,	m

unlefs fuch double cottou warps fhall be manufadured in this thukingdom. kingdom.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, 4000I. paid’

That a further fum of four thoufand pounds, part of the faid apprentice /um of ninety-five thoufand fix hundred pounds, be paid to	c^rtcr

the faid truftees, to be by them expended in paying 'appren- foundline hof-tice fees to fuch tradefmen or manufacturers a3 fliall take pitai children, children from the Charter Schools, 0$ from the Foundling

Hofpital, in the city of Dublin, and engage that they fhall be employed during their apprenticehood, at ten miles distance at leaft from the faid city, after fuch rate, to fuch perfons, and under fuch conditions and regulations as they or any feven or more of them fhall diredf.

XII.	Provided always. That every fuch child with whom Apprenticed any fee fhall be given out of the faid fum of four thoufand to protdbmu. pounds fhall be apprenticed out to proteftant tradefmen, or nvmufa&urcrs only.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Non* gct faid, That no part of faid fum of four thoufand pounds fhall ^appren-5 be paid in apprentice fees to any perfon who fliall take a lefs tices, v gumber of apprentices than fix, or fuch number as fhall

make

*

Digitized by

Google

Incorporated fociety, gover-oars of the foundling hof-piul, fire, empowered to bi’Kfthc children to pro-tttati.

Mulct not longer than the age of ?i, and females 18.

Said apprentices, and thofc from the Hibernian fociety, &c. when not of apprentice-ihip, may carry on their trades in any city cr town corporate in the kingdom.

Perfons -con cernod In any of the manufactures mentioned in this aa, may be examined upon oath as to the rates of labour, dec.

pet font taking any higher rates than io ascertained, forfeit aol.

The twenty fifth Tap of George IH.

make up the number of fix, including thofe which he, /he, or they may have at the time.

XIV And for the more effcdually promoting manufactures hy breeding up children in the knowledge of them: be it further enabled. That it /hall and may be lawful for the incorporated fociety, for promoting protdlant Charter Schools, and for the governors of the Foundling Hofpkal, and of the Houfe of Induftry, in the city of Dublin, rc-fpe&ively, to bind out the children under their care as ap. prentices to proteflant tradefmen, or manufacturers, for fuch term of years as they /ball think proper.

XV.	Provided always. That no fuch child (hall be bound thereby to ferve longer, if a male, than until he /hall attain the age of twenty-one years, and if a female, until (he (kail attain the age of eighteen years.

XVI.	And be it further tnaded by the authority afbre-faid. That it /hall and may be lawful for every perfon apprenticed out to proteflant tradefmen or manufa urers from the faid Charter Schools, Foundling Hofpital, or Houfe of Induftry, and alfo from the Hibernian Society and Marine School* when his or her apprentice/hip (haft be expired, to carry on and exercife their refpe&ive trades in any city or town corporate whatfoever in this kingdom, without interruption or hindrance from any corporation^ or the payment of any duty whatfoever, which may be claimed or demanded by the fame.

XVIL And w hereas cafes may happen wherein the regulating the price of labour, particularly in the hofiery branch, may not only be expedient but neceffary: be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, that it /hall and may I* lawful for the trufteet aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, at any time during the continuance of this a£t, to fummon Before them any perfon or perfons concerned in any of the manuFa&ures fpecified in this ad, and to examine upon oath (which oatlf any one of them is hereby empowered to adminifter) into the rates of labour, and prices of work-man/hip thereof, and into the real value of fuch labour and workmaii/hip, and to afeertain and dired fuch rates and prices as to them /hall feem proper to be taken in any part or parts of this kingdom ; and if any perfon /hall, after the fame be thrice publifhed in the Dublin Gazette, take, demand, or pay in any part or parts of the kingdom fpecified in fuch publication for any labour or workmanfhip, any higher rate or price than what /hall be fo afeertained for the fame, or /hall by gift or otherwife cncreafe the price of workmanfhip beyond fuch rate, every perfon fo offending /hall for every offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned,

aad

Digitized by UooqIc

The twenty fifth Tear of George III.

5S9

and every fuch perfon fhall be difqualified from receiving any A. D. bounty from the faid truftees, or a^y part or fliare of any of 1785. the fums granted by this ad.	Chap. 48.

XVIII.	And for the relief of all fuch perfons as may have	^

been guilty of any unlawful combinations, or ads described 19 & ac G. 3. as evidence of unlawful combination by an ad paffed in the c* nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majdly, enti- comi.ination^ tied, An aQ to preventcombinations^ andfor the further encourage- ,&c. previous to went of trade, and who repent and are willing to aQ conforma-

25ih March *

hie to law for the future ; be it enaded by the authority afore- ente^ an faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for every perfon, who affidavit, that has at any time previous to the twenty fifth day of March* they will trot in one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five, entered into or futm* entvr acceded to any combination contrary to the faid laft men-tioned ad,\ or to any other ad or ads of Parliament, or \)C a fuffi-into any illegal agreement to force others to accede to any cient pica in fuch combination, or to any illegal agreement, or who (hall bar oi any have illegally adminiftered to any perfon, threatened by letter acilon* c* or otherwife, or forced any perfon to take any illegal oath relative to any fuch combination or agreement, or to the import or non-import of goods of any fort, to enter with the feid truftees, his or her affidavit, declaring that he or (he will not abide by or obferve any fuch combination or agreement, and wifi not enter into any fuch, nor force or threaten, or-allift in forcing or threatening any perfon to take any illegal oath, enter into any engagement or promife relative to any fuch agreement, or combination, or to the import or non-import of any goods, or to the buying or not buying the fame from any particular perfons or places, and the entry of fuch affidavit, together with the affidavit (hall be a fufficient plea in barr of any adion, fuit, or profecution which (hall be commenced againft fuch perfon or perfons for or on account of any of the offences aforefaid, committed previous to the laid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand fevea hundred and eighty-five.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- , Suits brought faid, That in every fuit which fhall be brought after the	^

pafling of this ad by any maftcr manufadurer againft any working mans. Working manufadurer or journeyman, or by any journeyman fo&urer or joor-or working manufadurer againft a mafter or employer for or IifJfliatl on account of any work done or undertaken, or omitted or fife *n affidavit negleded to be done, or for materials damaged or erabcz- that he catered *led, or for payment of wages, the plaintiff (hall before he intnpo combi, or (he (hall be allowed to commence fuch fuit or adion xo ^defendant any court of law file his or her affidavit, fetting forth, that pr0vc that he fince the commencement of this ad he or Che has not entered did judgment into or acceded diredly or indiredly to any unlawful combi- ftal! «CX1VC^ nation, or forced or endeavoured to force any perfon to ac-

1	cede	Cofts.W

Digitized by (^ooQle

Pcrfont in Dublin, «5cc. reducing a journeyman manufacturer from his employer, ferfeit 50I. Ace.

Perfons who ufe breech hay-rain in camblct, lading, 5cc. forfeit lol.

Truftees may pay out of the 20,0001. the bounties claimed in pursuance of an a& of left fcfCoa.

Ko implement of maniL-faCtore (ball be diftrained for rent. Sec.

Said ao,cool. 5oOcl and 4000I. (ball be paid by the vjcc-trcaftirtr,

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

cede to fucli, or to take any compulfory or illegal oath, and that he or (he has not fince the faid time entered into any agreement not to buy goods from any particular perfon or place; and if in any fuch fait the defendant or defendants (hall prove, that the plaintiff or plaintiffs have committed any of the faid aCU fince the time aforefaid, notwithftanding fuch affidavit fhall be filed, judgment (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, with full cods.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any mader manufacturer, or other perfon in the city or liberties of Dublin, in any manufa&ure whatever carried on there, fhall at any time feduce or attempt to fcduce any journeyman from the employment of any other perfon within the faid city or liberties thereof, he or (he fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence; and if he be a freeman of the faid city, or of any corporation in the faid city, he (hall ceafe to continue fo, and (hall be and is hereby declared to be disqualified from exercifing, ufing, or enjoying any right, franchife, or emolument by virtue of, or in confcquence thereof.

XXI.	And whereas that fpecips of bay yarn, commonly called breech bay yarn, has been made ufe of for the weft of certain fpecies of worded goods, to the great difcrcdit of the manufacture : be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That jf any perfon or perfons fhall make ufe of any breech bar yam in any camblet, lading, fattinet, crape, or double fluff, fuch perfon or perfons (hall for every' fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXII.	And whereas the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds granted laft feffion of Parliament to certain truftees, to be paid in bounties on woollen and other manufactures, was applied in paying bounties accordingly, and many perfooi not apprized of the time when the faid fum was exhaufted, continued to fell or purchafe, on expectation of the faid bounty, and claimed it accordingly : be it enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid trudees to pay, if they fhall think proper, out of the faid fum of twenty thouland pounds, the bounties fo claimed or in lieu thereof, fuch imaller bounties as they (hall think proper.

XXIII.	And be it further enaCted, That no wheel, iccl* lodm, fpinniijg jenny, carding machine, or implement of manufacture given, lent, pr dillributed by the faid truftees, and fealed with a damp appointed by them, (hall be diftrain-ed on account of rent, or arrears of rent, or feized or fold by virtue of any writ of execution.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That the faid feren! fums of twenty thoufand pounds, five thoufand pounds, and four tlipufand pounds, (hall be paid by the vicc-treaforen,

roreiren,

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	54*

receivers, or paymafters-general, their deputy or deputies,	A. D.

to the order of any feven or more of the faid truftees without	17 8$*

any further or other warrant to be had, fued for, or ob- Chap. 48. tained in that behalf.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-	or“

faid. That all penalties and forfeitures created by this aft, truf^ee$m

lhall and may be fued for and recovered by any perfon in any	Penalties, &c.

of his Majdty’s courts of law, by civil bill, or by bill, hy this aft, may

plaint, or information, in which no elfoign, prote&ion, or

wager at law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allow-	*

cd ; the whole amount thereof to be paid to the perfon fuing

For the fame; and that if any fuit or profecution (hall be

commenced or carried on by the dire&ion of the faid truf-

tees, it (hall be lawful for them to defray the expences

thereof out of the faid fum of five thoufand pounds herein

before mentioned.

XXVI.	And be it further enafled, That all oaths to be Oaths by this taken by virtue of or in purfuance of this ad, or for the

more effe&ually carrying the fame into execution, may be Se'truftecs. * admiiriftered by any one of the faid truftees, and they, and each of them, are hereby empowered to adminifter the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority Penalty oa aforefaid, That any perfon who (hall take any oath, or make

any affidavit preferibed or empowered to be taken by virtue *

of this a&, or (hall take any oath, or make any affidavit, in

order to obtain any of the bounties to be offered by the faid

truftees, and (hall wilfully fwear falfely therein, every fuch

perfon, (hall upon convi&ion, fuffer the pains and penalties

enabled againft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury 5

and that any perfon who (ha!? forge any name or hand-wri- forging any

ting, with the intention of fraudulently claiming or obtain-	to

ing any bounty, premium, or money, by virtue of, or in recejvc bounty,

confequence of this adf, or (hall utter, deliver, or offer the penalty 100I. *

fame, knowing it to be forged, (hall, upon convi&ion and imprifoned

thereof, be fined in a fum not exceeding one hundred Qne fcar*

pounds, and be imprifoned for one year, without bail or

rminprizer. *

CHAP*

Digitized by Google

Preamble.

land*, which are part of the eftate of the biiltope of Perxi^ &e.

Thz tmtip-fifibTear *f Gouge IIL

CHAP. XX, DC

A* AJ to. txplain and amend the Jewral Ads madeizfl:s K ngdom, to encourage the budding of Houfes, and mainq other Improvements on Church Lands, and fur ot/ur fc/es.

\X^T H E R E A S the deroefne or menfal lands of the * * bifhops of the united bifhopricks of Leighlin and Ferns, lie at a great diitance afunder, and are inconveniently fit uated, and there is no manfion houfe yet buik on either fee for the habitation and refitience of the bifhop of the faid united bifhopricks: and whereas two hundred and fifty fe-ven acres, plantation meafure of the following lands, to witg Coolpuck Paddock, otherwife A ughnarudd, ©therwik Fernfland, Upper and Lower Coobroc, Lower Ferns, Great and Little Rilboro, otherwife Broad-St one, part of Burnfland, containing nine acres three roods and four perches, and Blakefland, otherwife Ballinfparrow, are part of the eftate of the bifhops of the faid diocefe of Ferns and their foccelfors, and are all fittoated in the county of Wexford, and near the cathedral church of faid diocefe, and are fit and convenient for a demefne for the bifhops of faid united fees, and their fucceflors: and whereas the faid land3, with other lands, part of the eftate of the bifhops of faid diocefe of Ferns, were heretofore leafed and demifed for a terra of years to James Symes, late of Hammerfmith in the county of Middlefex, and kingdom of Great Britain, efquire, and the faid James Symes being in poileffion thereof, under fuch demife, duly made and executed his laft will and teftament, bearing date the fecond day of January, in the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven, and thereby devifed his leafehold intereft in faid lands to MitchcL* burne Symes, efquire, and Robert White, then of the.exr cheqner office in the city of Dublin, and their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, in truft, that they fhould renew the leafes thereof as often as neceflary, and in truft to pay the rents, iftties, and profits of the faid lands, to. the ufe, and for the better fupport of the hofpital called doctor Swift’s hofpital for incurables in Dublin, meaning thereby the hofpital founded in the city of Dublin by the reverend Jonathan Swift, heretofore dean of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick, Dublin, commonly called faint Patrick’s hofpital for lunaticks and idiots ; and the faid Robert White is fince dead, and the faid Michelburne Symes is the furviving truftee in the (aid will of faid James Symes named, and the

faid

Digitized by

Google

The tvpemtyfjftb Tetur $f George III.

£nd leafe of faid lands herein before mentioned, has, ftnce the death of faid James Symes, been from time to time re* ncwed by the bifhops of the faid united fees, and the (aid lands demited and let to the faid Mitchelburne Symes, the furviving truftee in the faid will named, and there is now Seventeen years of the term granted to the faid Mitchelburne1 Symes, by the laft leafe, or renewal of the leafe of faid1 lands yet to come and unexpired ; and whereas the faid Mitchelburne Symes has agreed with the right reverend Walter, now lord bifhop of the united dioceies of Leighlin and Ferns, by and with the confent and approbation of the governors of faid hofpital, to furrender the faid leafe of faid lands to the faid lord bifhop, for and in confideration of the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds fterling, to be paid by him to faid Mitchelburne Symes, for theufc and benefit of the faid hofpital, that the faid lands, containing two* hundred ami fifty feven acres, may, from the twenty fifth day of March laft, be fet apart for ever, for a demefne or « menfal lands for the find bifhop and his fucceffors, bifhops of the faid united fees: and whereas the right reverend Bartho- Bartholomew kmnew Vigors, heretofore lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, Vigor*, bifhop by his laft will and teftament, bearing date the eleventh day	and

of July, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen, q^athed 300I. bequeathed the fum of three hundred pounds fterling, to be to hit fucceflbr* paid by his executors to the lord bifhop of Leighlin, who for the fhould be his immediate fucceflbr, to be difpofed of by him for the benefit, improvement, and encreafe of the revenue of the faid bifhoprick of Leighlin, either by buying in fome leafe of fee* farm, or building an houfe for the more convenient habitation of the faid lord bifhop of the faid fee: and whereas the right reverend Edward Young, heretofore lord Edward bifhop of Leighlin and Fem3, by his laft will and teftament, Youajp, b&sp bearing date the twenty fifth day of July, in the year one' thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, bequeathed to his qac*hed to hi» fuccefTor and fucceflors, bifhops of the faid united fees of fucceflbr*, 700I. Leighlin and Ferns, the fum of feven hundred pounds fter- *«* houfe for Khg, to be laid out and expended in building an houfe for	^

the refidence of the bifhops of Leighlin and Ferns, and the faid two fums, amounting to the fum of one thoufand pounds, which fumt have never yet been laid out ot expended purfuant to the be- have not been quells in the faid wills of the faid Bartholomew Vigors and exPcn c“-Edward Young, contained, but are now lodged and depo-fited in the hands of the faid Walter, now lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns: And whereas the bifhops of Leighlin and Ferns, the predeceflbrs of the faid prefent bifhop, have been difcouraged and prevented from building a manfion houfe fop their refidence, and expending the find two feve* wl fums purfuant to the faid bequefts, by the. want of a convenient

laid lands are to be furren-dered to the bifhop for

IJ00L

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Walter the prefent biftiop, may apply the faia fums in defraying, &C.

Bifhopt applying fa id fums Aiall be freed from any other payment of loool.

The expence of this a& to be proved before the archbifhop Dublin.

7%e twentj-jifth Tear of George III.

venlent demefne, and the intentions of the faid Bartholomew Vigors and Edward Young, in their faid bequeiU, and their defigns of procuring a convenient manfion houfe for the refidence of their fucceflbrs, bifhops of faid united fees, will be more effe&ually carried into execution, by applying the faid two feveral fums to the purchafe of the faid leasehold intereft in faid lands, to be for ever fet apart as a detnefne or menfal lands for the refidence of the bifhops of the (aid united fees, than by applying the faid fums Ari&ly, according to the directions of the laid bequefts in the faid wills contained : be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament a(TernMed, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Walter, now lord bifhojf of the faid united fees of Lcighiin and Ferns, to apply, lay out, and expend the aforefaid two feveral fums of three hundred pounds, and feven hundred pounds Aerling, making together the fum of one thoufand pounds Aerling, in the following manner, that is to fay, that he fhall in the firft place, out of the faid fum of one thoufand pounds, defray, difburfe, and difeharge all and every the charges, cofb, and expences which (hall attend the patting of this ad, and that he fhall apply that part of the faid fum of one thoufand pounds, which fhall remain after paying and difeharging all the faid charges, coAs, and expences, towards the purchafe of faid leafehold intereft in the faid herein before mentioned lands.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid Walter, lord bifhop of Eeighlin and Ferns, paying and applying the aforefaid fum of one thoufand pounds, in the manner herein before mentioned, fhall for himfelf, his executors, and adminiftrators, be freed and dif-charged of and from all further or other payment of the faid fum of one thoufand pounds, and every part thereof, and of and from all fuits either in law or equity, for the recovery of the fame, or any part thereof, or for or on account of the fame, which might or could be inftituted or commenced either by his fuccefTor or fucccftbrs, in the faid united bifhopricks, or by any other perfon whatfoever, in cafe this ad had never been made.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Walter, lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, fhall within one month after the patting of this a&, prove before his grace the lord archbifhop of Dublin, the full amount of the money which he fhall expend or caufe to be expended in procuring the palling of this a&» and the (aid archbifhop on fuch proof being made, fhall under his

hand

The Vwtntj'fifth Tear of George UK

hand and feal certify the fum expended in procuring the parting of this a&, and fuch certificate of the faid archljifhop (hall be depollted in the regiftry of the confiftorial and me-tropolitic il court of the diocefe of Dublin, and (hall be final as to the afeertaining the fum expended in procuring the parting of this act.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Mitchel- Syi^c%l^[ur“, burue Symes, by deed under his hand and feal, with the	bifhop,*at

con Cent and approbation of the faid governors of faint Pa- herein, trick’s hofpital for lunaticks and idiots, teftified by their

being parties to fuch deed, and affixing thereto their common feal, to furrender to the faid Walter, lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, the faid unexpired leafehold intereft in faid lands, and the leafe thereof, herein before mentioned, in .confideration of the faid Walter, lord bifhop of Leigh-lin and Ferns, paying to the faid Mitchelburne Symes the faid fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, for the ufe and benefit of the faid hofpital, which furrender (hall be good and valid in law to all intents and purpofes what-foever.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,	g^ ^. That the faid lands herein before mentioned, and which in withothcr* purfuance of this act (hall be fo as aforefaid, furrendered to Jberem mention^ the faid Waiter, lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, toge- fhall Ke thcr with certain woods, part of the eftafe belonging to the

faid fee of Ferns, fituate in the faid county of Wexford, as herein, and which adjoin the faid lands on the north-eaft fide there* of, and which contain by eftimation three hundred and five acres, two roods, and ten perches, be the .fame more or lefe, and wThich are bounded as follows, to wit, on the north by the lands of Lower Ten (hr ull, Kill, and Clooee; on the north-eart by William Bry an’s part of Kill; on the eaft by Kilboro ; on the fouth by Upper and Lower Coolroc and .Me Daniel’s part of Coolroe; and on the weft by the lands of Kiltown, Coolpuck, and Scrubwood, (hall for ever be, and (hall be deemed, taken, and reputed to be the demefne or menfal lands of the bifhops of Leighlin and Ferns, and (hall be unalienable, and (hall not be let or difpofed of to any other ufe.

VI. Always provided, That nothing in this a6t contain-	Nothing here* cd, (hall extend to alter or take away from the force of the in to alter a&t law sand ftatutesnow ip force in this kingdom relative to the rcl-mvcto glebe exchange of glebes or demefnes belonging to churches in iands*

this kingdom, and particularly of an a& pafTed in the eighth year of the reign gf King George the firft, entitled, An ad for the /applying a defed in an ad pajfed in the fecond year of the reign of her late Majefiy Queen Anns, entitled, An ad

VciL. VII.	Mm	for

A.

J45

D.

1785-Chap. 49.

MirrhMKnrnfl

8 G. 1. c. if.

V4ths of fnm expended, to he paid by the fuc cefforof the pre-i'ent bifhop, as herein.

fbe twenty ffih Year of George III.

for the exchange of glebes or demrfnei belonging to ebarefx? in this kingdom ; bot the fame and every part thereof (bail remain and be in foil force, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

VI I. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Walter lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, paying the faid fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, in manner and for the purpofes herein before mentioned, his executors or idminiftrators, (hall receive from his next fuc-Ceflbr three-fourths of fuch fum as the faid Walter {hall be obliged to pay and advance for defraying the charges and ex-pcnces winch (hall attend the patting of this aft, and for ourchafing the faid fumender of faid leafehold interefl in bid lands, after dedufting thereout the faid fum of one thoufa&d pounds herein before mentioned, and fuch fucccflbr haring paid the three-fourths of the faid fum, he, his executors, or adminiftrators /hall receive two-thirds thereof from his next fuccefibr, which next fucceflbr having paid the faid two-thirds, he, his executors or adminiftrators, (hall receive from his next fucceflbr one-half of fuch fum as he (hall have paid as aforefaid, all which fums /hall be paid and recovered in fuch manner and at fuch times as the fums to be paid to and recovered by ecclefia/lical perfons for buildings and improvements made on menfal lands, glebes or church lands, are to be paid and recovered by virtue of the feveral afts of parliament made in this kingdom to encourage the building houfes and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations; the faid fums made payable by this aft, to be over and above and exdufive of any fum or fums which the fucccffor or fucceflors of the faid Walter, lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, may become Kahk to pay by all or any of the faid afts of parliament now in force in this kingdom to encourage the building of bovfcs and making other improvements on church lands, for or on account of any buddings or improvements which the faid Walter may hereafter ereft or make on the demefne or menfal lands of the faid united bi/hopricks of Leighlin and Ferns.

VIII.	And whereas copper has been found by experience to be a more durable covering for houfes than lead, dates, fhingle8 or tiles, and to be a much more commodious and cheap covering for houfes than lead: and whereas a doubt has arifen whether any ecclefiaftical perfon building a book for the rcfidence of himfelf and his fucceflors, on his demefne or menfal lands or glebe, and covering the fame with copper, would be entitled to receive or recover from his fnc-ceffor any fum of money which he /hould expend in building fuch houfe by virtue of the laid afts now in force in this

kingdom

The tmentyflfih Tear of George Hf.	$4'

kingdom for encouraging the building of hbufes, and making other improvements on church lands, and preventing dilapidations : and whereas the faid Walter, lord bifliop of Leighlin and Ferns, means and intends, after the paffing of this act, to build and erect a manfion houfe and offices fit and convenient for the refidencc of himfelf and his fuccCT-fors on the fafd lands, which ihsll in purfuance of this act be made and become the demesne or menfal lands of the faid united bifhopricks of Leighlin and Ferns, and to covet* the fame or part thereof with copper: be it therefore exacted by thr authority afore Paid, That the faid Walter, lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, his executors or adminiftra^ tors, if he fhafi build a manfion-houfe and offices on the faid herein before mentioned lands, fit and convenient for the re-fidenc* of himfelf ami his fucceflbrs, bifhops of the faid united fees of Leighlin and Ferns, and fiuul cover or roof the fame, or any part thereof with copper, or any other ecclefiaftical perfon ufing copper, he and they (hall, be en-	fofc^verfn

titled to receive and recover, and have fuch remedies for nwnfidnhoufe recovery of the fame from his fuccefibr fuch fum or films of Hull receive money for building the faid manfion-houfe or offices as he fu™* expended, would be entitled to receive and recover by virtue of the (aid acts for encouraging the building of hotlfcs, and making other improvements on church lands, and preventing dilapidations 5 provided he had covered or roofed the fame with lead, dates, (hinjgles or tiles.

IX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That A ptibliefc a<3. this act (hall be deemed, taken and allowed in all courts within this kingdom, as a publick act, and all judges are hereby required as fuch to take notice thereof without fpe-cially pleading the fame; faving neverthelefs to thC King’s tnoft CxCdlent Majelty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and to all bodies politick and corporate, their refpeftive heirs, fuc-ccffors, executors, and adminiftrators, except the faid Mitchelburnc Symes, all fuch right, title, eftate and intereft both in law and equity, as they nad, could, might of ought to have of, in, to or out of the faid lands dnd premifles in or by this aft veiled for the pdrpofes afotefaid, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if this aft had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrtry thereof in an^ wife notwithftaerding.

Said biihop.

Mma	CHAP,



Governors of Foundling hof-pifcal to be paid for every houfc Within a mile* of tilt- cattle, y^ar-v, a further ium of 6d. for each I'ound of the yearly rent, *i herein.

11 & taO. 3

c. f I.

Hr^fes under the yearly value of 5I. exempted.

Hackney coaches, &c. lo pay a* herein

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

CHAP. L.

An Acl f,r the better Support anj MMntenance of the Foundling

IJ filial.

\7[7HEREaS the funds appointed for the maintenance ^ * of the faid hofpital have beer, found very infufficlrijt to fupport the lieccfiary expt’nces thereof: be it therefore enacted by the Kind’s moll excellent Majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the fords fpiritua] and temporal, and commons ift this prefent Parliament affombled, and by the authority of the fame, Tfot from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou fond feven hundred and eighty five, there Hi all be charged upon and paid to the governors of the Foundling hofpital and work-houfe in the county of the city of Dublin^ fur all and every the houfes within the faid city, or within two miles of the callle of Dublin, yearly, and every year, a further fum of fix pence in the pound for every pound of the yearly rent of fuch houfes as the fame aic or (hall be valued for minifter’s money, watch-money, or lamp-money, or arc or fhall be valued agreeable to an a& palled in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his preftnt Majeflv, entitled, An off for better regulating the Foundling Hofpital and *worl-houfc of the city ef Dublin, and encreafing the fund for the fupport thereof\ the faid further fum of fix pence to be paid over and above the fum of fix pence, charged and payable thereon by virtue or (he faid act, and to be levied in like manner, with like powers and authorities, and fubject to the like regulations, penalties, and reitiictions, as is or are enacted or prefcribtd by the faid ^ct, or any other act in refpect of the faid fun of fix pence )n the pound now payable thereon.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this act contained (hall extend to charge any houfc Whereof the yearly valuation (hall be under the fum of five pounds.

III.	And for the further fupport and maintenance of the faid hofpital: be ft enacted by the authority sforefiiid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty five* there (hall be paid to the faid governors for every hackney Coach, landau, chi-tiot, poft-chaHe, berlin, hearfe, mourning coach, or other carriage drawn by two or more horfes, or other beads wh ch now is or (hull at any time hereafter be owned, kept, or driven by any perfon who is rioto, ox (hall hereafter be liccnfed in that refpect by the faid governors by virtue cf the powers given to them by the faid act, an additional iu*

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

of fixteen fhillings monthly, over and above fuch yearly rent as is or (hall be referved on every fuch licenfe by virtue of the faid recited act ; the fame to bfc paid monthly by the perfons bound to pay the rent referved on the faid licenfcs \ and that from and after the faid day, there (hall be paid to the faid governors for every Ringfend-car, car, cart, dray, chaife-marinc, or other carriage which now is, or fhall hereafter be owned, kept, or driven by any perfon or perfons who is or are or (hall in that refpect be licenfed by the faid governors, by virtue of the powers given to them by the faid act, the fum of one fhilling monthly, and every month, exclufive of all fuch yearly or other fums as are or may be payable by virtue of any licenfe granted or to be granted under the faid act ; the faid fevcral monthly fums payable by virtue of this act, to be recovered from the like perfons with like powers, authorities, and remedies, and under the like penalties and reflrictions, as are enacted relpecting the rents referved by virtde of the powers givpn by the faid act.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the faid fums herein required to be paid, fhall be be- days after due/ hind and unpaid for the fpace of fourteen days next after licenfe void, the fame ought to be paid as aforefaid, that then, and in

every fuch cafe, every licenfe granted to or in the poffefiioa of the perfon fo making default to jpay, fhall be, and is hereby declared to be void ; any thing m the laid act, or in fuch licenfe to the contrary notwithflanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall and iqay be Governor* lawful for the faid governors, if they fhall think proper, to empowered to ralfe.fuch of the fares to be taken by hacKney coaches as are nrite fares, as now fixed at ten pence to thirteen pence, and fuch of the hercm* f§re§ to be taken by hackney chariots as arc n^w fixed at

feven pence halfpenny to nine pence, iu the fame manner, and fubject to the fame piovifoes and approbation, as is enacted by the faid act in refpect to the fares to be lettjed by virtue thereof.

VI.	And\vhereas various fujns of money charged upon h pules have proved infolvent by the collectors neglecting to collect the fame within the time preferibed by law, for the continuance of fuch charge, and the powers given by law are fully fuflicient for collecting all charges made by the faid act on houfes: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid,

That no fajary or allowance wh^tfoever fha}l be paid or made No falary to to any collector in any year wherein he fhall have failed to	to	coJ-

collect the whole fum giveu in charge to him by the fuper-	'UD *** **

vifor or governors, an^l that every collector fhall give fecu-pty before he proceeds to collect, that he will faithfully and 4iily collect thf whole fym intruded to him to collect, to

and

If unna‘d r A.

5igitizecH5^ GoogI -

55®	¥bt twenty-fifth Year of George 111.

A. D. -and for the year ending the twenty-fourth of June next pro-17^5* ceding, and pay the lame to the treafurer on or before V-	the twenty-fifth of December following in the lame year,

and that he (hall and will pay the fame weekly to the treafurer as he fhall receive it.

Salary may be VII. Provided always, That if fuch failure of collection paid if no nc- fhall appear to twelve at lead of the (aid governor! affem-glc£ appears. b]ed a general board, to be owing to unexpected infol-yency in the perfons chargeable, and not to any dday or neglect in the collector, his allowance of (alary may be allowed to him by fuch twelve governors, under their handa and feals, certifying the feveral insolvencies ; any thing herds contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

9 H A P. LI.

An AH fair preventing Vexatious InjwiBions to Jay Proceeding! at Law ; and foe giving Cofis to Defendants in Courts of Eytdtj> in certain Cafes.

Is all injunctions iifued, except as herein, there (ball be a provifoe.

Defendant at liberty to file a declaration, ficc.

HE RE AS by means of bills filed hi courts of V V equity to ftay proceedings law, upon frivolous and groundless Suggestions, and or injunctions granted thereupon, landlords ap£ other creditors afe greatly aggrieved and delayed in the recovery of their rtnts, and other juft demands: for remedy whereof, be it exacted by the King's moil eicellcfnt Majtfty, by and with the advice and coufeot of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afleipbled, and by the* authority of the feme. That in all injqnctions which fhall iflue out of any court' of equity, to ftay any defendant from proceedings law, except upon good and Sufficient equity confirmed hi the anfwer of fuch defendant f there (hall be inferted a provifoe, that fuch defendant fhall be at liberty to call for a plea, and to proceed to trial thereon, and for want of a plea to enter up judgment, but execution to be flawed.

Ii. And be it further enacted by the authority afordaid, That if at the time fuch injunction (hall be iffued, the defendant hath not filed any declaration at law, be (hall he at liberty to file a declaration, and to proceed thereupon in manner aforefaid ; provided, that nothing herein cbn-tained, (hall be conftrued to reftrarn courts of equity from making any order to' day any defendant from proceeding to trial at law, upon Sufficient grounds appearing to them.

III. And whereas, when a bill in equity is difmiffed. hy the plaintiff, or by the defendant, for want of profecutios,

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-fifth Year of George HI.	$51

the defendant, in fuch cafes, ufually obtains but twenty A.* D. fhiUings cofts, whereby great encouragement is given to I7®5» litigious perfons to file vexatious and groundlefs bills4 be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, That in all f Colls to decafes where the plaintiff in equity fhall difmifs his own bill,	U*K>n *

or the defendant (hall difmifs the fame for want of profecu- . tion, the plaintiff in fuch fuit (haQ pay to the defendant his full cofts, to be taxed by the matter, or other officer of the court.

CHAP. LIU.

A.i Ad to amend an A£l% eutitled. An Act for the more ffeedy and effectual recovery of the King's Debts >

AT7’HEREAS by an aft palled in the twenty-firft and * * twenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, en itlcd. An ad for the more fpeedy and cjfcdual recovery of the King's debts ; divers provifions have been made to enable his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, more fpeedily and effe&ually to recover debts due to his Majefty, his hcir3 and fucceffors, or to his royal predcccffors, by colleftors of the revenue, and other publick accountants: and whereas the feveral provifions contained in the faid aft, have been found not to be fufncicntly effectual: and whereas great difficulties and Ioffes have been occafioned to his Majefty, and his royal preefecef-fors, by reafon of the number of perfons neceffary* or fup-pofed to be neceffary to be warned in all cafes where any writ, of feire facias hath heretofore iffued, to warn the heir and ter-tenants of any debtor of his Majefty, or his royal predeceffors : for the prevention whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next, when any writ of feire facias (hall be fued out on behalf of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, to warn the heir and ter-tenants of any deceafed debtor of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the attorney or iolicitor who (haft fue out fuch writ, fhall before the delivery of fuch Writ to the (heriff to whom it is direfted, infert a true copy of fuch writ in the Dublin Gazette, and in three other publick news*papers publiflied within the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, and alfo in every publick newspaper which fhall be printed or publifhed within the county, or county of a city, to the fheriff or (heriffe whereof fuch writ pf feire. facias (hall be direfted, fave and except only

the

ai & 2i Goo. j. c. 2,

When a writ

of feire facias fhall be fued out on behalf of his Majefty, &c. to warn t1 . heir and ter-tenants of a dete^ed debtor, ho attorney fhall proceed as herein.



2___



Digitized by CjjOCK^IC

Copi*» ptlb-lifhed once'a week tor eight fucteffive weeks, at herein.

Attorney filing out Turk wnt n eom-

The twenty fifth Year <tf George III.

the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, in which cafe fuch publication as aforefaid in. the Dublin Gazette, and in three other publick news-papers fhall be fufficient-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch copies as oforefaid fhaM be inferted in every fuch news-paper as aforefaid once in.every week, for the fpacc of eight fucceffive weeks, and that from the time of iffuing fuch writ, or writs of feire facias uutil the expiration of ten weeks fully to be compleat and ended, no perion or perfons whatsoever fhall be required to put in any plea * thereto, and that from and after the expiration of fuch time no perfon whatsoever fhall be received or permitted to plead any plea thereto, fave and except only a plea of mif-nomer non-feifin non-tenure payment or performance, and that no perfon or perfons what foe ver fhall be received or permitted to file any demurrer to fuch writ or writ?, fave only a general demurrer.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every attorney or folichor, who fhall after the twenty-fourth day of June aforefaid, fue out any fuch writ

this forfeit* fctre factas> on behalf of his Majcfty, his heirs or fuc-rool. *	ceflors,	and	fhall	omit to comply with the provifions of this

a & above mentioned, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fnm of one hundred pounds, and be liable to an action at the fuit of any party injured by fuch negltd or omiflion.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any printer or printers, publifher or publifhers of any publick news-paper, fhnll refufe cr emit to receive, take, print, and publifh any fuch copy as above mentioned, of any fuch writ of feire facias, upon the ufual price or payment being tendered to him, her, or them by the perfon offering fuch copy or copies as aforefaid, for inferticn and publication, he, flic or they fhall for every fuch refcfal or omiflion, forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, and be for ever incapable of printing or publifh:ng any news paper within the kingdom of Ireland, and (hail alfo, being duly convi&ed thereof, foffer fix months imprifon-ment. and fhall alfo be liable to an information at the fuit of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in his Majefty’s court of exchequer, for the recovery and fatisfadlion of any dan age or lofs fuftained by his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffers, by reafon of fuch refufal or omiflion.

V.	And be it further enae rd by the authority aforefaid, That every fheriff or fheriffs, to whom fuch writ of feire

acosytubtaf facias fhall be dire&ed, fhall three feveral times within fix fixed upon the weeks from the delivery of fuch writ to him or them, canfc a copy of the fame to be affixed upon the church of the

Printer re-fufing to public torfcits 500I.

Sheriff to whom the writ

church door, as herein.

Digitized by i^ooQle

The twentpffth Tear of George III.	555

parifh wherein the heir of any debtor of his Majefty fhall A. * D. ’ refide within his county, or county of a city or. town, or 1785. fhall have rrfided within fix month* laft paft.	Chap. 53. ~

VI.	And whereas it may frequently happen that the. an-nual value of lands of fuch accountant or debtor as afore- Where any > faid, when extended may not be fufficient within the com- trcalurer, pafs of feveral years to fatisfy the debt due to the crown by bc chaigrahif fuch accounts t or debtor a* aforefaid j therefore be it with *i»y ium era ted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where dm , a:.d bound any treafiner, vketreafurer, nnder-treafurer, teller, receiver,. p>' ^r>1,(^ &c* cuftomer, collector, or ether officer or perfon accountant as as,ltrc11> is before mentioned, fhall from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-live, receive or be chargeable with any fum of money due to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and fhall become indebted ter his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, on fuch account, and fhall be bound to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by any bond, recognizance, or writing obligatory ; and that the fum or fums of money in which fuch perfon or perfons fhall be indebted to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ccfiors, fhall not exceed the penal fum mentioned in fuch bond, recognizance, or writing obligatory, then and in every fuch cafe one or more writ or writs of jcirc faciasr then * wnt quare executtonem non, may be fued out on behalf of his m:’y ^c.	,

Majefty* his heirs or fucceflbrs, again ft fuch perfon or per- p^fon^a* ** fons fo indebted, or his or their heirs* executors, admini- herein, ftrators, Or affigns, as the cafe may require, and in cafe judgment'fhall be given for his Majefty, bis heirs and fuc-cefiors, upon any fuch writ or writs, fuch judgment or judgments, or an attefted copy or copies thereof, fliall be, and fhall be deemed to be conclufive evidence of the amount and quantum of the debt due and owing to hi9 Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and fhall be taken and allowed as fuch in ever}’ court or courts of law or equity within this kingdom, unlefs a writ or writs of error fhall have been brought to reverfe fuch judgment or judgments within one term next after the fame fhall have been pronounced, and thereupon ftich judgment or judgments fhall have been reverf* ed according to due courfe of law.

VII And be it further enafted by the authority afore- In cafes faid, That in every cafe wherein any fuch perfon or perfons where fuch per-as aforefaid, fhall be fo as aforefaid, indebted to his Ma- .jj1a*greater fum jefty, his heirs and fucceffors in any fum or fums of money than penal ium greater than the penal fum mentioned in fucb bond, recog- in the bond, &c. nizance, or writing obligatory, or fhall be indebted to his ** herein, Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in any fum, although no fuch bond, recognizance, or writing obligatoryv fhall have been executed by fuch perfon or perlons, a coromiftion fhall in every fuph cafe iffue put of his Majefty’s court of exchequer,

a commiffioo flull iflbe oat of cotit of cxche-oav tomfccrtam tM amount, as herein.

Travcrfeto be permitted.

Whoa amount of debt be af-certaioed, tbe attorney general may file an information, as herein.

Claims of other perioni to be allowed,

as herein.

The twath'jiflif Tear of George II If

qoer, in order to aTcertaln the amount of the debt due to hh Majefty, hit heir* or fttcceflora ; and that fuch commif-fion and the finding thereof or an attefted copy thereof (hall be» and Audi be deemed to be condufive evidence of the amount of tbe debt fo due and owing to hit Majefty, his heira or focceffim.

VIIL Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for the find court of exchequer, to permit and allow one or mote traverfe or traverfes to any inqmfition fo taken upon good and fuficient caufe being made, to appear unto the laid court by any perfon or perfons who may be aggrieved by the lame, or fet afidc fuch inquiiition, and to <&■ red a new enquiry upon like good and fuficient caufe as well at the fuh of the crown as of any (uch perfon who may be fo aggrieved.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-feid, That when the amount of any debt fo due and owing to hit Majefty, hit heirs and fiicceflort, (hall be ascertained in manner aforefaid refpe&ively, it (hall be lawful for the attorney general of hit Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors to file an information in his Majefty** court of exchequer in the nature of an Englilh bill lor a (ale of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or a competent part thereof,1 of which any fuch debtor or debtors as aforefaid (hall be at the time ‘ of, or (hall have been at any time from and after the execution of any recoguMnce, bond, or writing obligatory to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, feized of any eftste of inheritance in pofleflion, remainder, or reverfion; and in cafe no fuch recognizance, bond, or writing obligatoij, (hall have been executed as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch information may be filed for a fale of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of which fuch debtor or debtors as ^fbrefaid (hall have been feized of any eftate 6f inheritance sh poffeffion, remainder, or reverfion, at any time from and after the time when fuch perfon or perfons (hall have become fo indebted or accountable as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid court of exchequer to permit and allow any perfon or perfons claiming any eftate, intereft, right, or title in or to the laid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, paramount to the claim, demand, right, and intereft of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-cefibrs, into or upon the (aid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, upon motion to put in upon oath, an anfwer to fuch information fo filed, difclofing and aflerting his, her, or. their claim into, or upon the laid lands, tenctqents, or hereditaments.

XL And

Digitized by LjOOQle

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That if his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflon wall be, by any fuch decree, declared entitled to have a (ale of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, that fuch decree (hall be carried into execution in like manner, and by the fame officers, perfoni, rules, and methods as are now ufcd, obferved, and employed in cafes of decrees upon bills filed for the foreclofure of mortgages by fubjed againft fubjed.

XT I. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch proceedings as above mentioned for the afeer-taining of the debt, and fale of the lands of any debtor of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors as aforefaid, may be had and carried on, not only in the life-time of fuch debtor or debtors, but at any time within fix years next after the deceafe of fuch debtor.

If hit Majef-tybe declared entitled to have a fakaf lands, dec. to be carried into excca-tien as herein^

Proceedings maybe carried on as,herdn.

CHAP. LIV.

An AH for rtvivirg, continuing, and amending fevered Temporary Statutes.

II.	A ND whereas an ad palled in the. firtt year of the _ ...	.

reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An off to 1G.3.C. lyJScc! prevent the excefjive price of coeds in the city of Dublin, which was continued and amended by an alt palled in tbe third year of his faid Majefty, entitled, An ah to amend a$d continue an afff entitled, An ad to prevent the excefjive price of coals in the city of Dublin : and whereas by certain daufes in an ad palled in the fifth year of the reign of his faid Ma- 5 G. 3. rrviv-jefty, entitled, An ad for confirming, revtviqg and amending. >®I ftatutes, fee, feveral temporary fatvtes, and for empowering the grand jury of the county of Kilkenny, at the ajfiz.es, to iocreafe the yearly Jalary of the treafurer of faid county, the faid repjted ads were further amended and extended to the city of Cork, and fuch other provifions and regulations enaded, as were neceftary to have the fame carried into’ effed therein: and whereas the faid ads have been found beneficial; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all the faid r% cited ads, ckufes, provifions, and amendments, (hall continue and be in force for the terip of twenty-one years, from the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament.

HI. And whereat an ad pafled in the fifth year of the	,

reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for continuing, c. is. *	’	**

reviving, and amending feveral temporary fatutes, and for empowering



	

Digitized by CjOOQIC - - -------------------------------

		

feta;ring the grand jury of the county of Kilkenny, at the effrzes* to eucreafc the yearly faf ary of the treafurer of fold county, is expired, as to fcvtial parts thereof: and whereas the fame is fit to be continued with fome amendments fo far as the Came relates to the lighting and clcanfing of cities, for the lighting of which no particular provifion is made by any ad of Parliament now in force: be it enacted by the authority afore-(aid, That the faid laft recited ad, fo far as it relates to the purpofes aforefaid, with the amendments herein mentioned, be, and the fame is hereby revived and continued for twenty one years from the twenty-fourth day of June, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty-five, and to the end of the then next feffton of Parliament

IV.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That to runove good* ft fhall and may be lawful to and for the magiflrates of as herein.	fuch cities, or any of them, and they are hereby required

to remove or caufe to be removed, all tuch goods or commodities as (hall be expofed to fale in any ftreet or paflage in any fuch city, not the antient accuftomed market-places in fuch city.

Veftrie held V. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, to and for the miniftcr, church-wardens, and parifhioners of the fevcral and refpe&ive parifhes in fuch cities, and the fuburhs thereof, at their refpe&ive vtdries, to he held fiom time to time, on every firft day of July, if Sunday, the day after, and by adjournment from day to day, Sunday excepted, in each year, as from time to time (hall feem meet and expedient, notice of the holding of fuch veftries being firft given by the minifter of the parifh fix days previous to the holding the fame; and which faid veftries the miniftert of faid feveral pariihes are hereby authorized and required tq to npol r appoint a fufficient number of able watchmen to keep watoh yattSta, See. ,n each of the faid refpettive parifhes in the faid cities, and the fuburbs thereof, and to appoint the times of watch in faid paiifh refpedively, and to appoint proper fabrics and wages for fuch watch-men, and to appoint proper watch-bouiVs in each of the faid parifhes refpe£hvely, and to ap-r.ecefrary fire, candle-light, and other neceffary articles f.»r fuch watch-houfe, and watch-cloaks lanthorns and Haves or pikes for fuch watchmen, and to appoint annual orerfeers of fuch watches to fee that the fame are duly kept, and to appoint others in the room of fuch of them as (ball *	mifbeltave themfelves ; and that it (hall and may be lawfiil

to and for the faid watchmen, or any of them, to apprehend all fuch idle and diforderly perfon and perfons as they, •r any of them, fhall find in the uight-tune making any 5	#	'	affray.

Magiftnte*

‘Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

affray, or committing any breach of his Majefty's peace in fuch citits refpe&ively, or in the fuburbs of the fame, at late and unfeaionable hours of the night$ and fuch perfon or perfonjffo apprehended, to detain piifoners in the refpec-^ tive watch-houles of the faid parjfhes, and fuch "watchman or watchmen {hall* on the morning after the apprehending fuch idle and diforderly, or drolling perfon or perfons, carry, or convey fuch idle, diforderly,. or drolling perfon or perfons. before the mayor of fuch cities, or fome other of his Ma-jedy’s judices of the peace of fuch cities, to be examined and dealt with according to law.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,, Vcflryto That the rent of fuch watch-houfes, and the expences of

fuch fire and candle3, watch-cloaks, lanthcrqs, Raves, and pikes, or other necelTary articles aforefaid, and all the ex- riihc». pences, cods and charges that (hall attend the appointment*.	1

and continuing a proper w'atch in each of the faid parifbes,

(hall, by the faid minider, church-wardens, and parifhioners of the faid feveral and refpedlive parifhes in fuch cities, and the liberties thereof, at the rcfpc&tfy vedries to be held for fuch paridies as aforefaid, be charged upon, and be paid by the refpe&ive inhabitants of each of the faid partfhes* and the faid city and liberties thereof, in the fame manner, and with the like remedies as are appointed by the faid lad recited aft for railing the neceflary expepces for lighting fuch cities.

VII.	And whereas the power given to grand juries to prefent five pounds as a reward to any perfon or perfons who (hall apprehend and profecute to convi&ion any perfon guilty of robbery, is not an encouragement Tufiicient to engage perfons to apprehend, at the rifque of their lives, defpcrate villains : be it ena&ed by the aathority aforefaid, That fo much of an a& of the feventeenth of his late Majedy George

the fecond, entitled. An a3io take away the benefit of clergy *7 G- c.6. froth any perfon that Jball by tught or by day-time fekmwufly and privately fieal any goods out cf any jhop> ware-houfe, tan-yard, drying-houfe9 cellar, or out-houfe, though not adjoining to any dwelling-houfe9 or off cf quays, and to encourage perfons to apprehend fuch felons and other robbers ; as empowers grand juries to give rewards for apprehending fuch felons and other	^~xh_

robbers, fo far as the fame relates to the county of Dublin, \^r,pudU\ &c. be repealed ; and that from and after the palling of this it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of Dublin, at any Eader or Michaelmas term, to prefent, if they (hall think fit, a fnm not exceeding twenty pounds, to be paid as a reward to any perfon or perfons for apprehending, fecuring, and Jodging in gaol any murderer, highwayman, foot-pad, or robber, guilty of murder or robbery, in

the

♦

Digitized by

Google

The tnventyfflh Tear of George III.

Us	the tMaty of Dublin, and who upon trial (hall be capitally

78 y.	eonvided, or to reward any perfon or perfoni who may have

been defperatdy wounded in attempting to take any fuch	*

murderer, highwayman, foot-pad, or robber, or as a com* penfation to the widow or widows, and child or children, if fuch perfon (hall leave any fuch, or to the aged father or mother of any perfon who may happen to bc^EiHedNn attempting to apprehend any fuch murderer, highwayman, foot-pad, or robber, provided that the grand jury (hall in their prefertment fet forth what portions of the fum they (hall present, (hall be paid to each perfon, and that fuch presentment (hall be made within one year after the conviction capitally of fuch murderer or robber, or after the maiming or death of the perfon attempting to apprehend fuch murderer, highwayman, foot-pad, or robber, lick id.	X. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Tint

this ad (hall be deemed a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch.

C H A P. LV.

An Jet to alter and amend an A St made in the Twenty fr/t and Twenty fecond Tears of bis prefnt Majefty's Regn9 entitled. An Ad to enable the Governors of anf of tie Seloh founded in this Kingdom, to make	Lta fes of

fneb Lands as have been granted fr the Sup fort of the /aid Sehools, ami art /senate in Countses of Cities, and Comities of Towns.

itaj of ai XX^HEREAS by the laid recited ad it is ena&ed, K 3. c. 27.	” That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid refpec-

tive governors under the fcveral provifoes in the faid ad mentioned, id make any ieafes of any part of the faid lands fo fituate as aforefaid, for any term not exceeding forty-one years, and to renew the faid Ieafes from time to time, taking fine* for fuch renewals to be applied to the credit of the funds of the (aid fchools, provided the lands to be feverally demifed by virtue of the faid ad, (hould not contain in the whole more than the quantity of twenty acres plantation meafure.

IL And whereas it would be an encouragement to the (aid tenants to build and improve on any lauds demifed or to be demifed, purfuant to the powers and provifoes in the faid ad contained, and would increafe the funds for the fup-port of the faid fchools, that the terms of the faid renewal, and the time within which the fame may be had, (hould be prccifely afeertained ; be it tnaded by the King’s moft ex-

The twenty fifth Year rf George IIL	5

ceBent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the A. D. lord* fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefeat 1785* parliament afferabied, That all and every tenant and tenants to whom leafe* have been or fhall be made, purfuant to the ‘Tenant* to powers and provifee? in the faid ad contained, has or their haYcbMmadc executors, adminiftrators or aiHgns, who Audi apply for a who apply* renewal or renewals of fuch leafe or lcnfcs, within feven for renewals years after the commencement of their refpedive leafes, or ^lthin 7 Tcar» within feven years after any renewal which (hall be made in purfuancc of this ad, and of the faid recited ad, and fhall icafes, mud pay pay down one year’s rent as a fine for every renewal, and fo « year's rent, proportionably according to the number of years not ex- “ herein, ceeding feven, or part of a year that (hall have fo dapfed as aforefaid, and fhall alfo pay down the cofts of preparing two parts of fuch new leafe 5 that in every fuch cafe, the	10

refpedive governors of the faid fchool* fhall be compelled to years, renew the faid leafe for the term of forty-one years.

III.	Provided always. That no tenant or any per (on de- No relief to riving by, from, or under him fhall have any benefit what-ever by this ad, or fhall have any relief in law, or in equity *]*pfe. under the fame, who (hall fuffer feven years to elapfe from the commencement of his laft leafe or renewal, without performing the feveral requifitet by this ad preferibed, but the cafe of every fuch tenant, and of all perfons deriving by, from and under him fhall be confidercd to all intents and purpofes a* if this ad had never been made.

CHAP. LVI.

Jin Ad to amend an Ad made in the Sensenfeenth and Eighteenth 7 ears of tbe Reign cf his prtfeni Majefiy* entitled, M An Ad for making and keeping in Repair a Circular Road round tbe City of Dublin”

WHEREAS the truflees appointed to carry into exe- 17 Sc 18 G. 3.

cution the faid ad of ’ Parliament of the feventeenth c* x0* and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for making and keeping in repair a circular road round the city of Dublin, did proceed to lay out the line of the faid road according to the dire&ion in the faid ad, which unavoidably paffing through feveral valuable garden grounds, orchards, and meadows, the feveral juries from time to time impannclled to value the feveral grounds ne- ♦ ^ jj1Ye ceffary to be inclofed for the faid road, purfuant to the faid valued groun* ad of parliament, did rate and value them altogether at an as herein, annual rent of four hundred and forty-eight pounds nine (hillings and three pence: and whereas the (aid truftees,

X	purfuant

i §6o	The fwenty*fiftk Tear ef Gtofge HI.

A. tX	ptirTuaut to the powers vefted in them, did borrow the four

1785.	of ont thoufarid one hundred and fifty pounds to doable them

*~tThap. 56. to lay ont and trial* the faid road, and for which they now * pay an annual intet eft of five pounds per fcnhrm, making to grther, with the fifid rents, the annual fbtn of hundred and five pounds nineteen (hillings and three pence: and whereas the tolls received at the feveral gates, after paying the feveral cxpences of colle&ing them*' hate not upon an average been found to produce more than the fum of four hundred and twelve pounds eleven (hillings and four pence anntiaHy: and whereas the utility of the faid road and its faintary eflfe&s, tending to promote and^preferve the healxh cf the inhabitants of the city of Dublin, iV obvious, if the faid road (hall continne to be kept in proper repair: there-fbre, to enable the faid truftees to pay the fiud feveral rents and imereft, and to continue to keep the faid road in perfect repair, and to enable them to keepborfes and carriages, ar.d men to water the faid road when neceffary, in the fum-mer time, and to purchafe off any part of the faid referred rent, or to pay the money borrowed, if the tolls fhould enable thorn: be it enacted by the King's moft excellent Ma-jefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tnal and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority thereof, That from and after the paffrng of this aft, the faid truftees, or any feveo or more of them, at a board affembled, (hall be empowered to authorize under their hands and feals the feveral perfons that now are or may hereafter be appointed by them gate keepers or receivers, to demand, receive, and take for the cattle and carriages herein after mentioned, before they or any of themfhall be fuffered to pafs through any of the gates ere6f-ed, or that may hereafter be ere&ed on any part of the faid inftead of the roac^s» i**dlead of the tolls fpecified by the (aid a& of par-tolls by 17 & 1$ liament of the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign G. 3 there (hall of his prefent Majefty, the tolls following, that is to lay, coaches f&c ^or evcrV coac^» berlin, chariot, cala(h, chaife, or chair, as herein	drawn by fix or more horfes, or beads of burthen, the fum

of one (hilling and feven pence half-penny ; for every coach, berliu, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by a left number than fix, or more than two horfes or beads of burden, the fum of one (hilling and one penny ; for etcry coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, or beails of burden, the fum of eight pence ; for every carriage, commonly called a chaife or chair, drawn by one hoi fe or bcafl of burden, the fum of four pence ; and for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, 6r afs, loaded or unloaded, not drawing, the fum of two pence; and that all other carriages and cattle not herein particularly mentioned,

(hall





‘ Digitized by

GoogI .



The i&Mkty-rfftS Tear o/Gcergc Ilf.

fhall continue liable to ^ay tol} accoj-dftig to the rates eftab-1 lifhed in and by the faid recited a6t of parliament of the . Seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of hi* prefent

Majeftf. '	'	‘	...............*

II. Aik) \yhereas the ttpftces would be enabled Jo expend a larger pqrtion of the money arifine by the, (aid tolls in repairing and beautifying the (aid roaa) if {he films borrowed by the Said truftees, or the rents payable by them vyere lefTened : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, 'fhat a* often as the faid truftees lhall be enabled to purchafe and pay, for arty of the faid referved rents at n rate of t\yenty year^ purchafe, it (hall be lawful for the faid trudees, or ^njr Seven or nfiore of them, at a bq^rd affembled, to or<Jcr a notice to be fent to any perfon to vyhom any referved rent is by' them payable, * and to all and every perfon or perfons in any ways interefted in any of the lands or hereditaments for which fuch rent was referved apd made payable, which nbtice (hall fet forth that the faid truftees will on the

day of	"	next, caufe

to be enquired into and afeettafned by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of thy couftty of Dublin/ what portion of fuch twenty years purchafe of the faid relieved rent fq to be by them pprehafed, (hall be deemed tg> be the property, and (hall be paid by the faid truftees to each and every perfon that (hall appear to be interefted in any way wh-ufaevpr in the faid lands, hereditaments, or reserved rents, and requiring all fuch perfons to attend and prove their claim to th- (aid jury ; and after the faid jury fhall have fo enquired of, afeertained and fettled the fevenu portions of the faid twenty years purchafe to be paid to each! of the feveral perfons fo interefted, the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them fo alfembled at a board, (hall order and adjudge the ftirn or Sun* of money fo affefled by the jdry td be paid to the feveral perfons fo interefted according to the vcrdiA and inquifition of fuch jury, upon each of thfc faid feveral perfons executing fuch proper conveyance as (hall be deemed neceffary by counfel learned in the law, which faid verdict and inquifition, ^nd the order and adjudication (fo had aijd made, (hall be final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes agaifift all parties or perfons whatfoever, claiming, in polleflion, reveriion, remainder, or otherwife, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and fucceffors refpe&ively, as wdl abfent as prefent^ infants, femes covert, lunaticki, idiots, and perfons under any other difability whatfoever, body politick, corporate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as other perfon or perfons whomfoever, and all and every fucH owners, occupiers and proprietors, and all and every perfon or perfons interefted in fuch lands or referved rent, fhall thereby be from thenceforth to all intents and purpofes Vol. VII.	N	n	divefted

A. BL

Ohaj^. JJ&T

When truftees arc enabled to pay for referved rent* at 20 yean purchafe, notict to bo given, 1 as £ftcin.

Digitized by L^ooQle

MO

tr»(Ue<.«U>y *

O.s c i*.

Notice femd t month htforc the jury meets, &c.

Notice to oc-tvpm-of land adjoining the road to opvtiand fcour «kauio and

ditches

u heitin.

The twentyfifth Tear of George IIL

diftkd of all right, claim, intcreft or property of, in, to

or out of the fame, and for the fummoning fuch jury or juries, and any perfon or perfon* that the laid truftees, or any of the perfona in any way interefted, fhall deem neccfEary to give any information to the (aid jury, and for the fwear-ing of fuch juries or perfons, the faid truftees (hall have the fame and as full powet and powers as is provided by an a€t of parliament of the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aQ for making more convenient the approaches to the citj of DubUn% by making a new turnpike road on the fouth Jidr^ the weftfde% and the north fide of the faid dtyf to commence at the road leading from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate at Cavendi/b-Jtreet,

III.	Provided always. That the {aid notices (hall be ferred one calendar month at the lead before the day appointed for fuch jury to meet, and that fuch notice being left in writing at the dwelling houfc or place of abode of fuch perfon or perfons ft> interefted, or of the head officer or officers of any body politick, corporate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or feeing delivered to the agent or receiver of any perfon not refidmg in the city or county of Dublin, (hall be deemed a fufficient notice ; and the faid truftees (hall, as often as they ope enabled, proceed in like manner until they have pur* chafed all the faid referved rents, or may, if they (hall think it more advifeable, veil any fum or fums of money in any of the publick funds, in which cafe the Urafurcr (ball charge himielf with all intereft that. he (ball from time to tune receive for any fuch fum or fums of money fo vefted.

IV,	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the truftees, or any feven or more of them aflemblcd at a board, may dire& a notice or notices to be ferved on the occupier or occupiers of any land adjoining to the (aid road, deeding fuch occupier or occupiers to open and fcour kit, her, or their drains, ditches, or water courfes, fo as to prevent or remove any annoyance of water injurious oroffenfivc, to cut or clip the hedges at the Tides of the faid road, to a heighth not exceeding five feet; and if the occupier (hall negled fo to open and fcour fuch drains, ditches, or water /courfes, or to cut or clip fuch hedges for the fpace of ten .days after the fervice of any fuch notice, it (hall be lawful dor the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them at a board affembled, to empower fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall judge proper, to fcour fuch drains, ditches, or water courfes, or cut or clip fuch hedges, and may lr*y the ex* peace or cofts of performing fuch work if refufed to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon or perfons occupying fuch land, by warrant under the hands and feals of the truftees, or any feven or moreaf them at a board affembled, wherefoever fuch diftrefs or St*

titles

Digitiz*

otn?fGoOglc

Tie twenty-fi/il Tear of George 111*



fertles may or (hill be found, whether in the county of A* D» jDublin, »r the county of the city of Dublin; provided that ^785;

'too filch notice fliall be fent to any filch perfon during the Chap. 56* time of hay harveft;	!

V.	And whereas the claufeS In the faid recited aft of the . Perfons whb feventcenth and eighteenth years of tile reign Of his prefent Mnjetly, intended to prevent the dcltrnftion of the foot paths f0rfcU*o*. t>r fences on the faid road, add to punilh perfdnS who fhali pafs through the gated or to!! bars Crefted on the faid road without piyiugthe toll:, hive been found irtcffeftual: be it tenafted by the authority aforefaid, 'fhat frorti and after the pafling of this aft, if any perfon fliall wilfully injure any of the gravelled foot paths at the tide of the faid road, by riding thereon, or by driving any Carriage thereort, or fliall id-

fame, or by any other means, or (hall attempt to force, Or Thall aftually go through any of the gates or toll birS with-	*

tout paving the toil if demanded, or with intention to defraud the faid truftees, every futh perfon (hall forfeit for fuch offence the fuin of twenty (hillings ; and it (hall and rhay be offender* lawful for any one of the faKl truiices, or any juftfce of the peace of the county of Dublin, or any gate keeper Or Other officer or perfort employed by th<* faid truiices, or any perfon Snterelled in the lands adjoining the faid road, to flop dr raufe to be (topped fuch pc; foil or perfons fo offending, and to detain fuch perfon or perfon#, their horft Or hories and furniture, until fuch perfon or perfons fliall each depolit the fum of twenty {hillings fa the hands df the he*t gate keeper* or fomething of equal value; and all fuch offences (hall be reported to the faid truiices at the hekt board; and if the perfon or pcrfonS fo offending (hall ndt appeal to tjjg faid ti uftees aflembled at a board within fourteen days after fuch offence, or if appealing (hall be convicted of^fuch offence* the faid depofit (had be di(’poled of, 0:ie half to the Koufe of indUilrV, and the other half to the perfon or |p?rfona	~

who (hall (lop the faid perfon or perfons 'fo pjfcrtding, iii if offchdm fuch proportion as the faid trUilees (hail dire ft ; and if fudh ^innotbcftop* jperfon or perfons cannot be (topped, but that it Ciin be dif- P«h trudec»to covered Who he or they were, the truflees, or any feven or ^moned** ** more of thtftrt at a boatd aflembled, may direft their feeft- before°them tary or clerk to caufe fuch perfon Or perfons to be fummori- as herein, cd to attend the faid truiices at their next board ofr meeting 5 fcnd if fitch perfon or perfons do hdt att*id, or if attending (hall be cunvifted of fuch offence by the oath of any one credible witnefs, fuch perfoU or perfons (hall each of them be	4

fined by the fold truftees, or any feven or motr of them afleni* bled at fuch board, the fum of forty (hillings, to be difpofed of {q like manner to the houfe of lnduftry one moiety, and the

Nat

othti

Digitized by L,oogLe

tfomltiog t

?bc twenty-fifth Tear •/'George IIL

&her to the pyg^Or per Co ns who (hall difeover and eoovi^ the offenders ; and provided, That if the perfon or perfons convicted of any fuch offence (hall not immediately pay the (aid fine, it (hail be lawful for the (aid truftees, or any £cvCq or more of them at a board affemblcd, to lign a warrant tp empower any perfon or perfona to levy the lame by tHifrtfs and fale of th* good# and chatties of the offender or offender? fwherever they can be found, cither in the county of Dublin, .or the county of the city of Dublin; and it (hall be lawful the faid trufleck to caufe any perfon or perfons to bp fumiaoned to give tclb’meny upon the hearing pr fuch complaint or appeal, and to examine every fuch perfon upon pavfi, which oath the laid trullecs fo affemblcd, or any fcvetl

_______ _ or more of them, are empowered to admiiqiler; and if any

truft r, 5*c. In perfon or pcrlona fhall affaolt any truftee, gete keeper, or execution of officer, or perfon employed by the (3id truftees, or any of ******* them, or any perfon interdled in any of the lands adjoiiung ^ n* the laid road, who fhall endeavour to prevent or hinder any fuch perfon or perfpns from committing any of the laid of-• * feucp*, or any perfop empowered by the faid truftees to fcour any ditches, drains, or water courfcs, or to clip or cut any hedge, or any perfon being actually engaged m the exec 3-, tion of this afl, fuch pcrfoti or perfons, his or their aiders .and abettoKS may be profecuted at the expence of the truf-.tees by their older, or the order of any feven or more of tfiem at a board affemblcd; an! if the faid perfon r per-fo;i3 fhall be convicted of having made fuch affault, a any commilfion of oyer and terminer to be held in ana tor the county of Dublin, or the county of the city of Dublin, or at any general quarter feflion*, fuch perfon or ptrfont*, their aiders, and abettors, fhall be fined by the court the fum of five pound*, and (hall fuller fuch imprifonmem in the com-jnpn gaol of the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, as the court /hall adjudge. y>h ,tT ,7 vj. And be it enabled by the authority aforclaid, That ific tS O. 3. tp from and after the paffing of this ad, ail and every the power jtfrtWIor peace or powers given by the faid acl of Parliament of the feven-itrt'rhe executed tcc: 11 and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Ma-2#boawlCV* W	10	aiiy	j nil ice of the peace, relative to the carrying

tp execution the laid aft of Parliament, may be executed *	by the tru^ee?, or any feven or more of them, at a board

jregijnrly affemblcd,

VJI. And wberpas neither the afl of Parliament palled jn the third year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, sf* ad for j O. 3. c. '6. nuik'tQg m;re convenient the approaches to the cij of Dublin, by Ac.	muling a new turn file road on the fouth fide, the *we t fae, cad

4 < tuji ih fide of j atJ city, to commence at the road leading from \JJuhlin to Dotmybi ock, and to terminate at C avendy'b;. rett, or jtfic jict of Parliament puffed in the feventeeutb and eighteenth

Digitized by

Google

The twntjrflfth Tear of George III.

teenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty,. entitled, yfo

for m king and keeping in repair d circular road rauiuhthe *ttj of DubRnt have given any power to the truftcetr to appoint a fit and proper perfon to aft as fecretary Or clerk td 'the faid truftees, though the meetings of the faid traded tire neceflhrily very frequent, and the rteceffity there is tliai there fhould be fuch an officer is obvious: be it enafted bV the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the faid trufteeS, or any feven dr more of them, if they fhall think fit, to order the fum of twenty pounds, to be paid on every twenty-fifth day of March, and every twenty-ninth day o£ September, out of the money that (hall be received at the feveral gates or toll bars by virtue of this aft of Parliament, or the faid aft of the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to fuch perfon as the faid truftees, or 3ny (even or more of them at a board aflembled fhall appoint, to officiate as clerk or fcCretary, and who /hall hove executed the faid office for the fix mouths immediately preceding.

VIII.	And whereas by the faid aft of Parliament Of the

feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of hip prefent Majefty, it is provided, That there can be no board of the faid truftees that can ad or adjourn, unlefs feven or mort of the faid truftees fhall meet; which has been found to be very inconvenient:	be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That after the paffing of this aft, if feven or more of the faid truftees fhall not meet to form a board at any adjournment, any truftee or truftees attending or meeting after the hour of three o’clock on the day of any fuch meeting may adjourn the board, fo as that no fuch adjournment fhall be for a longer time than eight days after the day of fuch meeting.

IX.	And be it further enafted hy the authority aforefaid. That if any fuit fhall be commenced for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, the fame fhall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the faft fhall be committed, and not afterwards, and fhall be laid in the county of the city of Dublin, with liberty to plead the general iflue, and give this aft, or the faid recited aft of Parliament of the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as the cafe may require, and the fpccial matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the plaintiff fhall benonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion, or if judgment fhall be given againft him on a demurrer, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy to recover the fame as u already prescribed in and by the faid aft of Parliament of the feven-teenth ajtd eighteenth year* of the reign of his prefent

Majefty*

X. And



4. D. <6.

If 7 tnirtee* do not meet at any adjonm ment, any tra£ tee attending may adjourn* at herein.

t Suts to be commenced Within 6 montif &S herein.

- * - \

Digitized

dTy Google

The twenty ffth Tear of Gforge III,

X.	And be it further ^nafted by the authority aforefard* That ttys a& fhall have continuape^ from its faid cammenc*-_	^	pent fqr and daring the time the faid aft of Parliament of

Of force the fcventcenth and eighteenth years of the reign of hif 17 * prefent M^efty (hall continue to he in force, and no longer *	and that thia aft (hall alfo be deemed, adjudged, and taken

Apublkkaft be a public!* aft» and be judicially taken notice of as fuch '	by all judges, jufticcs, and other perfons whatfocver without

specially pleading the fame.

CHAP. LVIII.

An 0.3 fer the better carrying into Execution the fevered Lerwt for providing a Maintenance for P at ijh CierkJ% andfor other Purptfts.

jjG.lt ix. *V7TT HERE'S an aft paffed in this kingdom in tha V V thirty third year of the reign of .his Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An aft for reviving and amend• big an aQ pctjfed in the twenty t/ird year of his prefect Maf jefijrV rctgn% entitled, An a3 for amending and making more effcQual the feveral aUs now in force in this bin domx for the more eajy recovery of tythes, and other ccclfia teal dues of fmall value ; and alfo for the more eajy providing a maintenance fcf parifh clerks % fo far only as the fame relates to the more eafe providing a maintenance for parifh clerics, and to encourage toe pudding of new churches: and whereas the maintenance therein provided for parifh clerks, and for clerks of chapels of $afe is frequently withheld from them, and the good intentions of the legiftature thereby fruiftrated, becaulc the pro-vifion by law intended for fuch parifh clerks, and clerks of chapels of eafe, either has not been aflefTed at veftry, or if aflefTed has not been applotted, and if aflefTed and ap plot ted has not been £oll$<^cd and paid by the church wardens of fuch parifhes to Card qlerks: be it enafted by the King’^ moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirftual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That as often as any parifh or unio.i (hall negleft or refufe to aflefs at veftry a provifion for the parifh clerk of fuch parifh or union, or chapel of eafe, as is by law direfted; or having aflefTed the fame, if fuch parifh or uniqn (hall negleft orrefufc to applot the fame, or having aflefTed and applotted the fame, if the church wardens of fuch parifh. Union, or chapel qf ^afe (hall negleft or refufe, with all convenient expedition, to collcft, levy, and pay the fame to. fuch parifh clerk, or clerk of chapel of eafe, that then, and-any. of faid cafes, fuch parifh clerk (hall have the like.

*"T psrifc or Union fbaill oc-pie^V to affeft* and afpiot a prorifina for the clerk of

Ac.

The twenty-fifth Tear rf Geofge OL	* jff

remedy a gain ft fuch church-wardens, by civil bill procefs, A* D. to be brought in hit own name for the recovery of fuch fum	17$£*

at by law ought to harif bceri afTeflcd, "applotted, colleded, levied, and paid to fuch parifh clerk, or clerk of any cha- . pel of eafe; and fuch church-warden* (hall have the Hkc remedy, ** remedy over againft (jith parifh or union as is enaded by an n herein, ad made in the third year of hit Majefty King George the (econd, entitled. An aQ for the better beefing churches in ,irepair.

II.	Provided always. That fuch parifh clerks, or clerks Remedy to* of chapels of eafe, (hall be entitled to fuch remedy, by two rierkv or more juft ice* of the peace, as is {riven to them by an ad

made in the twenty-thild year of his late Majefty, for the recovery of fuch ftdarict as they (hall be entitled, or ought to be entitled to receive, purfuant to the provifions, true intent, and meaning of the faid ad of the thirty-third of George the fecond ; any thing herein, or in the faid ad of the thirty-third of George the fecond contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas doubts have arifen concerning the right Eledion of of eleding and appointing church-wardens, which greatly

tend to prevent the repairing of parifh churches: to remove fuch doubts, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That • the cledion and appointment of church-wardens, (hall be by the fame perfons as are, by law, authorized and qualified to vote in vfftry for the repairing of churches.

C H A P. LX.

A'f A1 for repealing an A St made in the Firjf Tear of tbs Reign of his late Majefty King George the Second, entitled.

At A St for regulating the meaf res made ufe of in buying and felling oj Corn, and for promoting Hujbandry in this , Kingdom.

XXT’HER. E AS an ad paffed in the firft year of the ^ * reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, ^ * %J|*<# ** entitled. An ad for regulating the meafuret made ufe of m buy- Terewfm* ing a d felling of com, and for promoting hujbandry m this kingdom, hath been found inconvenient and unneceflary: be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid ad, and all	y

and every daufe, matter, and thing therein contained, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and made null and void.



CHAP.

Amended 26 6. v c. 2i. r 3£ #> 6. y C.

VArMwOyj SfiiTtArxff George tlL

-• •

CHAft *»X|I«

A As u tAftOh	tanti anutrJJtvfral Laiut tuna	Tint ft*

the Ewemtragemikt vf jiguenirore.

E R E A S a great $art of the barley and ufed in this kingdom, is bought by private

Pci fom task* tflf malt for lake, (hall return to collc&ors of diftri&», an account monthly, verified by am* ■0»vfc,'ofthe quantity of barky and here bought by them, and the prices paid for the fame, as by »3 * 14 G- 3. c. *9.

Cotkftors to transmit ao

coonit to the perfon in Dublin appointed to tfedeiffcAdn, dsc.

.Serial

uid*£U

here

bought by private foie, ind the rethrris of the flics at markets catmot therefore truly nfcertfcin the real quantity and price of barley or here fold \ %tit enfcftcd by the King’s moft excellent Mafefty, by and With the advke and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempo-rid, and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembkd, and by the authority of the fame, That every perfon making milt for file, at any time after the paflRng of this aft, fbafl, in -the firit week of every ifcoath, return to the colleftor of excife in thfe diftrift where be or fhe (hall ihake fiucb trait, or to the perfon who fhaH be appointed in the city of Dublin, by the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to receive tht returns of corn direfted by an aft patted in the fad foffion, entitled, jin aS for rtpdatuf 'tbt cofw irodt) promoting agricubtrrc^ and fnrvidhtg a rrgvfor Ghd jleodj Jvf&ly cf torn in tbh hiogdooo^ tendfor grouting to hb -bh leih ondfoectjfori^ the dwtiee th&rin Memhia&d, a true account verified by affidavit of tfi£ quantity of barky and here bought by him or her in tbe preceding month, and the prices at which the fame was bought rcfpeftivdy, under the pain of forfeiting* for every fach negleft, the fum of five pounds, to be fued for, levied, and recovered, in like manner as any of the penalties or forfeitures created by the hid recital aft, or by bill, plaint, or information in any of hi* ^fajefty''* courts of law, or^y civil bill.

II.	And be k further enafted by ihe authority afbrefaid. That every cbUeftor of fttcife, who (hall receive any fach return, fhall, and he is hereby required and direfted to Crafifmtt the	witHoift	dcBv*	to flit perfon in the city

(of ^Dublin, appointed Us gforiftid ; and every fuch Return dhhll be entered by inch perfon, to Kke manner as ahy othtr return 'ihade to bkh by virtue of the find aft j and fhall be, ind is hereby declared to be to ill intents bad purposes if the like forte, *i»fc, tnd effift for afcetftaitifng quarterly the overage brice of barley, in manner direfted by the ‘laid aft, wt any of the-rctbiffc direfted therein.

•HI.- And Whereat by .find aft, ihe grand jixty oftaeh eighty, county of k town dr city wee required -at, nr iMt-diately after each fjpribg ufSnft held tfardn* in tfceh y«r, to order and direft returns to be inade weekly, of the quin->	titiei

Tfc twnij^fth Tear if George IIL

sH

<Sue» and, prices of wheat, rye, herd, barley, oats, ptu, A. D. and bean* from fudi and fo many market towns as they (hall 1785* think proper, in their eoontifs refpeftively, where a regular Chap. 6J. Weekly &>ra market is held by ring of bell, and a magiftratd, L<v^ or ether perfen properly authorised attends, and all© to d>-re& aod appoint a proper perfen, being an inhabitant of fuch market town, town, or city, to make fuch returns to the perfon appointed in manner therein direfted, to receive the fame: be it enabled by the authority aforefeid, That the grand jury of each eounty, eountjr of a town or city, at every fummer affixes held therein in each year, (hall have the .like powers as the grand juries of the fevfcral counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns. have dt fpring affises by virtue of laid aft.

IV.	And whereas a ban el of oats produces, in genera). There (hall not more than one hundred weight of oattneal, and it is juft ^ P“*

and reafpnable, and would induce a gttat faring of expence	Coaft-

to the farmer, that the carriage of the produce of oats ways'of oatmeal fhould be entitled to eqqal encouragement as the carriage of to Dublin, the oats in grain : be it therefore enafted by the authority afore- Jame bounty , faid, That from and after the palling of this aft, there (hall [^Jable^n ** be paid for the carriage by land, canal, and fcoaftwayS re- one bsurel of . fpeftivcly, of oatmeal to the city of Dublin, the Came oats, amount of bounty for each one hundred weight thereof as is now by law payable for the bounty on fuoh carriage bf , one barrel of oats refpeftively.

V.	And whereas barley and wheat are frequently becefiaty Three cwn-to be imported for the purpefe of rpfrdftung the feed, and miflioner* may improving the quality of grain in this, kingdom: be it fur- by licence, »d-ther enafted by the authority.aforefaid, That it (hall and ^tedduty1" may be lawful for any three of the coinmiftioneft of his Ma- free, any barley jeny's revenue, by licence under their hands and feals, to fiec/upon prooI admit to be imported without payment of any duty from '*t*MJ**k Great Britain, or from foreign parts, any barley betwetn

the firft day of November, and the firft day* of May; * and any wheat between the firft day of May and firft day of November, upon proof being made upon oath before the colleftor or other chief officer of the port; which oath fuch officer or colleftof is hereby empowered to adminifter, that the faid barley or wheat is imported for feed only, and upon fecurity being given in dou ble the amount of the duty payable thereon, that the (aid grain, if barky, (ball be fown before the firft day of May, and if wheat before th$ firft day of November nest rcfpcci tively following the import thereof; which fecurity (hall re* main in full force until fuffident proof (hall be given ^kthe faid commiflioners, that the faid grain has beenaftuallysftd Iona fide fown in this kingdom before the times aforefaid re-

Vl A“4

Digitized by v^ooQle

57°

A. D.

17b5-Chap. 62.

Oat* or oatmeal exported from New Rofr into any port in Ulfrer, entitled to equal bounty, and be under the fame regulation*, at if laid pot t wat fituated in Munilcr.

Word* which may be omitted in the affidavit to be fworn by the (a£tor of male.

words which are to be in-ferted in the owner's affidavit.

No bounty on malt brought to Dublin, &c.

The twenty-fifth Year if George TIL

' VI. And whereat by the (aid recited* aft it 1*9 enaHe&r That every perfon who (hall during any prohibition of the export of oats or oatmeal in any port of the province of fler, import into any fuch port good found oat* of Iri(h growth, or good found oatmeal of Irifh manufacture from any port in the province of Munfter, (hall be entitled unto, and may receive a bounty of ten pence for every hundred weight thereof, and from any port of the province* of Leinfter and Connaught, except the port of Dublin, the fum of fix ptoce for every hundred weight thereof, under fuch regulation* and redridions as by laid ad direded: and wberes the port of New Rofs, though in the province of Leinfter, is farther diftant by fea from Ulfter than fome ports in the province of Munffer: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all good found oats or oatmeal which (hall be exported from faid port of New Rofs into any port in the province of Ulfter (hall be entitlcd*to, and may receive equal bounties, and be under the fame regulations as if faid port of New Rofs was fituated in the province of Munfter; any thing in faid ad to the contrary not-with Handing.

VII.	And whereas as the law nost (lands no owner of malt brought for fale to the city of Dublin by land carriage, is entitled to receive any bounty for the fame, unlefs the fiador who has fold the fame, makes oath, that it was properly manufadured, well trodden, fereened and deanfed from dirt and other impurities, whereby the faid malt is obliged to be trodden, fereened, and fo forth, in the city of Dublin, and a great additional ex pence is thereby incurred: and whereas i words to the fame effcd were inferted in the owners affidavit, it is conceived it would better anfwer all the purpofes of the prefent laws: be it therefore enaded. That from and after the twenty fourth of June next, the following words may be omitted in the form of the affidavit required to be fworn by the fador, in order to entitle the owners of malt brought by land carriage to Dublin, to receive the bounty, via. properly manufadured, well trodden, fereened\ and cleaned from t lirt, and other impurities, and that the following (hall be inferted in the owners affidavit, viz. properly manufadured, well trodden before it was cold from the kiln, and well fereened and cleaned from dirt, and other impurities..

VIII.	And be it enaded. That no bounties fhaR be paid on any malt brought to Dublin by land carriage or other-wife, unlefs the faid words Hand part of the owner* affidavit,

r	which

Digitized by Google

Tbe twenty fifth Tear of George III.

^Mch is required by the laws now in being, to be fworn by J>im in order to entitle him to receive the bounty.

' IX- And whereas it will tend to the advancement of agriculture to encourage merchants and confiderable dealers in corn, to enter largely into the purchafe thereof: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any merchant or merchants, or other dealers, lieenfed as herein after mentioned, /hall purchafe by commiffion or otherwife, any quantity *;f found, clean, well faved, merchantable corn, wheat, rye, xnefliu, barley, here, oats, or oatmeal, in any publick market, or other place where corn is ufually bought or fold in this kingdom, and (hall bring, or caufe the fame to be brought to the city of Dublin, by land carriage, canal, or inland navigation, or both, and (hail fell, or caufe the fame to be fold in the faid city of Dublin, or exported from thence upon performing the requifites required by the laws now in force to be done and performed by the perions now bringing flour to the city of Dublin, by land or inland navigation to entitle them to the payment of the premiums or bounties by law given thereon, or fo much of'fuch requifites as the cafe may require, fubftiyiting the market or place as aforefaid, where the corn, grain, or oatmeal was bought, for the mill where the flour was ground, and changing luch other words and phrafes in the form of the affidavit to reconcile the difference between corn and flour as may be deemed neccflary by the commiffioners of his Majefty's revenue, or any three of them, fuch merchant or merchants, dealer or dealers (hall receive the fame bounties on fuch corn, wheat, rye, meflin, parley, here, oats, or oatmeal, from the market town, or pthcr place where the fame was puTchafed, as any perlon or perfons would, if he, (he, dr they had brought the fame to the faid city of Dublin, from the lands on which the fame grew or was made, any law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

X.	Provided always, That unlefs fuch merchant or merchants, dealer or dealers (hall be previoufly lieenfed by the chief commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three of them, w hich licence the faid commiffioners, or any three pf them, are hereby empowered to grant, and to revoke ’from time to time as they /hall think proper, and unlefs fuch merchant or merchants, dr aler or dealers, fhall have given fufficient fecurity in fuch amo int as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them /hall think proper, for the juf-tice of his, her, or their dealings, in all matters relating to the faid bounties, and that he, fhe, or they will not knowingly or willingly himfelf, herfelf, or thcmfelves commit orfuffer to be committed by any perfon or perfons a&-fng for or undjr him, her, or them, any fraud or decait "	whereby

Merchant*,

6* lieenfed, who (halt pur-chafe found coin, Sec. and bring the fame to Dublin, by land carriage, and flnll fell the fame in Dublin, or export it from thence.

fhaU receive the fame bounty as herein.

Unlefs fuch merchant or dealer be previoufly lieenfed, as herein.

In cafe of inability of any foch merchant or dealer, (he af$davit of rhe clerk (hull be (uificient.

Archhifhopt, fice. may make leafes lor year*, or lor 1 live* renewable of land* not being part of the de mefne, and not exceeding 3 acini.

ffhe tnvmtyfifth Y*ar of George III.

whereby any of the fa id bounties may be wrongfully cLymeJ' or paid, and that he, (he, or they will as often as thereunto required by the faid commiffi oners, or any three of them, return upon oath, or if a qualter, upon affirmation, to the faid commiffioncrs, a full and particular account of aQ Tales by him, her, or them made, of fuch com, grain, or oatmeal, which (hall ha*e obtained bounty, fpccifying the frames of the feveral perfona to whom fold, the quantities and rcfpc&ive times of fale, and fuch other particulars relating thereto as the faid chief commilGoners or any three of them (hall require, fuch merchant or merchants, dealer or deal?!? (hall not be entitled to receive any bounty or premium whatsoever, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwit h (landing.

XI.	And be it ena&ed by tbe authority aforefaid, That in cafe of the death, inability by ficknefs, or neccfiary absence out of this kingdom, of any fuch merchant or dealer, proved to the fatisfadion of the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, the affidavit, or if a quaker, the affirmatiou of fuch merchant's or dealer’s clerk (hall be taken inftead 06 the affidavit or affirmation of fuch merchant or dealer dying, OT diCabled by ficknefs or otherwife as aforefaid, and be fuf-ficient to entitle the perfon making fuch affidavit or affirmation to receive fuch bounty as cfledually as if faid affidavit or affirmation had been made by fuch merchant or dealer, and the fecurity giveo by fuch merchant or merchants, dealer or dealers, (hall he equally bound in refped thereof as if the fame had been made by fuch merchant or dealer.

XII.	And whereas many advantageous filiations for com mills cannot now be made ufe of, from the want of pow^r in the owners of the land to make fufficient leafes for encouraging the building thereof, be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the patting of this a&, it (hall and may be lawful to and for every archbiffiop and bittmp, and to and for every dean, dean and chapter, archdeacon, dignitary, prebendary, re&or, vicar, and cc-clettattical peHon whatfoever, with the coufent of the arct-bifhop or bifhop of their refpedive diocefe, fignified under the hand and feal of fuch archbiftiop and bittiop refpe&ively, and to and for the matter and governors, and fellows of colleges and hofpitals, and to and for every perfon or perfoos whatsoever, being feized in polfefftqn in law or equity of an ettate io fee-tail, or for his life, with immediate remainder over to, or in truft for his iffue, to make one or more leafe or leafes for any teim or number of years, or for one, two, or three lives, with covenant of perpetual renewal of any part or parts of land to them reipe&vciy bdopgin^n^

Bigitized by v^ooQle

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

3>eing any part of the demefne ufually occupied with his or their maftfion-houfe, and not exceeding three acre* plantar tion mcafurc, in- any one fuch leafe, to any perfo.n or perr foil* for the purpofe of building corn mills, making mill ponds, or tnill dams, and that all grants or leafes fo made lhall be good and effedual againfl the fucceffors of every fuch eorn *c* archbiHipp, b.ifbop, dean, dean and chapter, archdeacon, dignitary, prebendary’, red}or, vicar, and other ecclcfiaftical perfon refpeclively, and againll the fucceflors of the. matters, governor*, and fellows of colleges and hofpitals rc-fpeftivtrly.

XIJI. Provided always, That the beft and higheft rent The higheft be referved for the land, fo to be demifed, that can be rca-fonably had for the fame, at the time of making fuch de- fine, mile with on t fine and that one half year's rent of the faid demifed land be referved as a fine on each renewal, to be paid within fix months aftei the fall of each life, if fuch leafe bp made for life or lives.

XIV.	And provided alfo, That fuch mill* mill-pond, or Such mill*, jniB-dam, fiiall be made, or erected on faid ground, within ^5^5° two years after making fuch demife, and that the leflee or

leffces do covenant! by fuch leafe pr leafes, to preferve and Jteep fuch work-mill or building in proper order and repair, during the continuance of fuch demife : and provided alfo.

That a fum or fums of money, at the rate of ten pounds f>er acre at the lead, be laid out on faid ground, Co demifed for tjie purpofes aforefaid, within two years after the making fuch demife, otherwife that /aid leafe or leafes (hall be abfo-lutdly void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Leafe* may That, like leafe*, with like powers, rdlriftions, refervation*, be granted (or and covenants, may be made refpeftively, and be valid, for ^^iog nulls, the pqrpofe of erecting mills, and making mill-dams, or AC*

ponds for any machinery of manufaftute, to be turned employed by water.

A VI. And whereas it may he neceflary for the conveni- The perfons

ence of the corn trade of the feveral fca-ports, towns, and ,cin mention-......	.	.	1	‘	.	.	cd, arc cxnp*’W-

cities id th»$ kingdom* being corporate towns or cities, crc^ proviso

that u proper aad fufficient place fhould be provided for proper puce* holding the market ,of corn therein : be it enafted by the pr c0™ mar-authority aforefaid. That the mayor, recorder, aldermen, fheriffs, au4 reprefen^atives in Parliament, of and for every fuch fca-port town, or city, and the knights of the fhire for the feveral counties contiguous to fuch town or city, all for the time being, be and are hereby appointed commif-fioners for providing a proper and fufficient place, for holding the corn-market thyreiu ; and that all the powers veiled by an aft made in the thirty firll year of the ieigu of his

for building





__________-■



_ fk twentyJifth Tear of (korgc tit.

tatd Majefty King George the fccond, entitled, AnaSt far

making a wide and convenient way, Jlreet, Ottd (afagt from Ejfexdnridge, to the Gajllt of Dublin, and fir other purpofe! therein mentioned, or by any other ad or ads of Parliament, explaining, amending, of enlarging the fame, in the coni-tn ifioners therein named, or their fuccefTors, (hall be, and are hereby veiled In the foregoing commiffioners, or any fe-vert or more of them, for the purpofe of procuring fuck taarket-place, and of making wide and convenient paffaget thereto ; and that all and fingular the claufes Contained in the faid ads, or any of them, which may be neceflary for carrying the truft hereby veiled in the faid commiffioners, or any of them, into execution, (hall be of as full force and effed, touching the grounds, houfes, and tenements which the faid commiffioners, or any fcven or more of them, rtwH deem neceflary to be procured for fuch market*p’tce, and for making wide and convenient paffaget thereto, and touching the feveral owners, proprietors, and perfons interefled therein, as if the fame were feverally and fpecially cnaded hereby, in fcefped of the Tame.

\VIt. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-curr luen	That	if	the	faid commiffioners, or any feven or more of

ground by leafe	ibati	choofe	to procure fuch ground, or any part

For lives renew- thereof, by a leafe or leafes for lives renewable for ever, or *We.	{n perpetuity, it fhall and may be lawful for them to fettle

and agree Upon the terms of fuch leafe or leafes.

Leafes to he XV III. Provided always. That every fuch leafe (hall be made unto, and made unto, and the rents thereof be payable by the Corpo-rent payab.c by ration of fuch town, or city, and that all grounds, houles, the corporaticn. or tenements, which (hall be purchafed as aforefaid, (hall 1% paid for by, and be veiled in the faid corporation, for the foie purpofe of being applied for holding a regular weekly market of corn therein ; and that fo foon as the faid corpc* ration (hall caufe to be ereded, or there (hall be otherwife ereded therein all neceflary buildings and conveniences for the fale of corn, the corn-ma* ket of fuch town (hall be duly and regularly held therein, and in no other place.

XiX. Provided alfo, That no greater quantity of ground than two acres be procured for the purpofe of any fuch market-place by virtue of this ad, and that no paflage to the fame to be made or laid out by virtue hereof, be of a kdh width than fifty feet.

XX.	And in order to provide for credirtg and (inifhing the feveral buildings, walls, fences, and railing in fuch ground as may be neceflary for the convenience of any fuch cefl^rfUfo*a,ne"	*n	anT fuch	town,	or city, being a county

ere&ing build- a town or city, ant^ to flag* pave, and gravel the fame t ing«, as herein, be it furthet enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for the

grand

Commlflion-ers may procure fuch

No more than ' 2 acres of • ground to be purchafed ; no pottage of Ids •width than 50 feet.

The grand jury of the cj. may nrefent fuen lu

The, twenty-fifth Tear of Gfeorge III* _

grand jury of the county of fuch town or city, to prefent at any one or more affixes to be held for the fame, fuch (uni or fums of money a» may appear to them to be heceffary for all or any the*purpofes aforefaid, upon an affidavit, a plan and eftimate being laid before them a* is required by law for the prefent ing for the building of a bridge, gaol, or fefliort-houfc, and every fum fo prefented fhall be levied and accounted* for in like form and manner as money fo prefented; and that it fhall and may be lawful for every fuch grand jury to prefent from time to time, all fuch fums may be neceffary to repair, amend, or enlarge the fame, to be levied and accounted for in like manner, and likewife to prefent fuch fum, not exceeding, fixty pounds in the whole in anyone year, as they (hall think (it, for a falary or Hilaries for a fupertntendant or' clerk, or one or more bailiff or bailiffs for cleanfjng and fwcep-ing the fame, and taking care thereof.

XaI. And whereas in cafe of ficknefs or neceffary absence, the paymaffer of corn premiums is empowered at prefent by law to appoint a deputy to 'execute the duties of faid office : and whereas in fuch cafe, fuch deputy fo appointed, may through fome fatality be difabled from attending faid office: and whereas from the confiderable hurry of bufinefs in faid office, particularly on market-days, it might prove expedient, and the means of preventing and dete&ing of frauds, and of expediting the bufinefs of faid office, ifthe paymaffer had the affiffance of one or two deputies on all occaffons; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the paymaffer of corn premiums (hall and may in all cafes have power, and is hereby empowered to appoint and remove, during his pleafure, from time to time, one or two perfons, as his deputy or deputies, for whom he fhall be an-', fwerable, but who fhall be firft approved of by the commif-doners of excife, or any three of them, and fhall be paid at the expence of the faid paymaffer, and each of faid deputies fhall have like power of adminiffenng oaths, and executing the duties of faid office as the principal.

XXII.	Provided always, That no perfon whomfoever (hall be capable of executing the faid office of deputv or deputies, before he or they, with two fufficient fecurities, to be approved'of by the faid conrvmiflioners, or any three of them, fHall have executed a bond to his Majefty, in the penal Turn, of two thoufand pounds, conditioned for the execution of faid office, and to adcount for all fuch fums of money as h<;br they fhall receive by virtue of the fame. ’ ~

XXIII.	And in order to prevent fraud in double bounties being paid on the fame corn, grain, meal, malt, or flour: be it further ena ed by the authority af>nefaid, That any perfon or perfons claiming any bounties payable

on

The pty-mafKrof com premiums may appoint one or two deputies to Le approved of by the comm if* fionerc of excife.

Prrfons claiming bounty o i export of corn, to make oath at herein.

:ed by Google

57®	The	twenty-fifth	Tear	of	George	HI.

A. P* op tty? fxportation of Oprn, meal, m^lt, pr flour Qut of thii 1786. kingdom, (kail,	(he,	or	they ore paid %he Came,

mil^c oath, that to tfoc be!t of his, her, oc J&«ir knowledge, and belief, no pren^'am or bounty whatfoerer has beea paid, or 12 to he paid op laid corn, mp^l, malt, of flour, either by cpjft, caaaj, or laad-cafr^gf to Dublin or tQ UJfter.

C H A ?> JTO.

dtn Ac? to carry into farther EffeSl, an A SI	h the lafi

Scjion of Parliament in this Kirgdont, entitled, An Act for the doe ae court. ing for all Money granted for Publish fPirhs9 Charities, an^d Hfpiials therein n\cnticnedy andfar the ordering a regular Account in future of all Monies en-fr lifted to the Corf: rat ion for carrying on the Inland Navi* get ion, the Trujiee) f the Linen Manufacture, the Dublin Society, the Corporation far Paving the Streets of Dublin, andfar other Purpofes therein mentioned. •

*5, 24 G. 3. . 26.

Sams which at any time be granted by parliament, See. ihall be duly accounted for before th« com-miifioner* of impreft accounts.

prdeni of cornnu&pnpjf

IN order tp carry tjye intentions of tfie legUJ^ure ip p^IE-ing the fait} aff into fifll pnd copdant pflf£i: he it epptSbfd by the gW’* moft excellent hfajefty, fry *94 with the pdvipe and cqpfcpt q( the lords fpirituai ana temporal, and pommpn# jn thif prefept Parliament affemUed', and hy the authority of fynje, That the ftin>s of three thoufend founds granted thi$ fefljton to the lord pliaocellor and chief judges, and of five thpufand ppppd^ granted to the qom-mii^oners pf Gift frujt§, ^nd ?ll funjs of money which Ihajl at any time pr times hereafter be granted by parbaroeqt, or, iflutd opt of lys hjajefty^ treafury for the improvement of this kingdom, by ereding piers, forming canals, making, rivers navigable, building churches, hofpitals, or any pub-lick wprk* or edifice?,. maintaining phafftief, hqfpitala, or inflnjTaries, widenipg pr forming u$w	pr roads, ren*

denpg harbours more commodious, or fd^hliikmgc^ai y*rds ip Dublin or Cork, or promoting zpy othpp w# w. lick ptility, fhalji J>c puly *p4 regularly a^pjjnjed for her fore the commlffioners of impreft appoint?* ip {fikp ip*11* mer, and the faid qommifliopers fh^ill have JiJte powers and authorities touching the ffmq, as is ejn^$l fry the fax4 pdf refpeding all or any of the srtides thcreiu fpecifled and mnde iuhjed to account.

IIf And be it further ena&ed by tl^e a^oofy fdotofaith That the order? of the comtpiftiona^ <^f fjxjt fruits far the

appropriation

Digitized by Google

The twenty fifth Year of George III.

appropriation of the faid fum of five thoufand pounds, and of any money which has been heretofore or (hall be hereafter granted to them by Patliament for the building of churches, together with the certificate of the bifhops of the refpe&ive diocefes, fetting forth, that the churches for which fuch orders (hall have been made, have been built properly and fufliciently, (hall be allowed as vouchers for the iums contained in fuch orders, and that upon any fuch certificate and order of appropriation being laid before the faid commifiioners of impreff accounts for any one or more church or churches, and as often as the cafe (hall fo happen, it fiiall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners of ira-preti accounts to pafs the account for the fame without waiting for the accounts of any remaining part of the fum granted to the faid commifiioners of larll fruits.

III.	And whereas the faid commiflioners of firft fruits, in order to carry the grants made to them by Parliament into effectual execution, are obliged to order the money fo granted, to be expended in feveral fums, and in various di(lin6t parities, and the expenditure and accounting in any one parilh ought not to be delayed by the non-expenditure or want of accounting in others: be it therefore further enabled, That the fum of three thoufand pounds, granted to the faid commifiioners by an a&. paffed in the laft fefiion of Parliament, entitled, /n ad for granting unto his Majefy, hit heirs <md fuecejjors, an additional duty on wine, hides, leer, and ether goods and merckandh.es therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and fiver lace, and of all ramlhchi and lawns, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, and of ail Isops excfj*t of the growth of Great Britain, and the Briiifh plantations, and of all glafs except from Great Britain, for the purpofeof building churches, (hall and may be paid to them by his Majefty’s vice-treahirers, their deputy or deputies, and they and he are hereby required to pay the fame,* although the expenditure of former grants fhall not be accoutvted for, and although no plan ami eftimate fhall be depolited with tlfe commifiioners of impreff accounts or fecurity (hall be entered into, any law to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority nforefaid, That no money (hall be paid out of any fum which has been or (hall be*granted by Parliament, and which is to be accounted for before the faid commiflioners, on account of in-terell or difeount, or of any dedu&ion from the grofs fum granted, other than the dedtnElion of pells and poundage, ualefs where a fpecial power has been cr (hall be given to the grantees, authorifing them to pay interefi or difeount, efr to make fuch deduction, or where it (hall be otherwife

Vol. VIL	O	o	direfted.

of firft (raits for appropriation of, money, granted to them lor builumg chuithen, and the certificate of the bilhop, fhall be allowed, as herein.

3000I. granted to the Gommif-fionersof firft fruits laftfclfion, (hall be paid to them, Ore.

No motvey (ball be pail out of any turns granted by parliament, and to be accounted for, as herein.

573

The twcntyjlflh Tear of George IIL

A. D.	dircdled, or allowed by Parliament, nor (hall any money be

1785.	paid out of any fuch grant for any expences attending the

Chap. 63. application for the fame, or in preparing memorials, par-liamentary attendance, cr accounting for the expenditure thereof, except for fees to the auditor of imprefts, and all fums fo paid (hall be difallowed and ft ruck out of the accountant’s difeharge, by the laid commiflioners; and every grantee, or other pcifon, who {hall, after the palling of this act, authorize or direct any fuch fum to be paid, lhs.ll forfeit for every fuch olFence, double the amount thereof, one half to be applied towards defraying the expences attending the execution of the (aid tirih recited act, and of this prefeat act, and the other half to be given to the Lying-in hofpital, in the city of Dublin ; every fuch forfeiture to be fued for by the fecretary of the laid commiflioners, or by any perfon in his name, and to be recovered by civO bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis Majelly’s courts of record in this kingdom, in which.no elfoigo, protection, wager at law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be al-

Com rr.it; flint r a to oiuc* their Kcixtaryto lue tw« puu>i>u.

Expense*

fllK.'t AC. UUi

lo die au.liior how to :>«. tie* irayed, Ac.

2;, 24 <*

c. *. i'.Q.I; vva» g; imed to J<»1» pit Siuirh, of

*mon me trims ti.cie a

lowed.

V.	And he it further enabled by the authority afordaid, That the faid commiflioners of impreft accounts 'fhaU, and they arc hereby directed on any difeovery before them, of any payment having been made after the pafiing of this ad, contrai y to the true intent and meaning hereof, to order their fecretary to fue for the penalties hereby cna&ed again# every perfon guilty of fuch offence.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That the expences attending every fuch fuit, and alfo the fees due to the auditor in all cafts where there fhall not be a balance in the hands of the accountant fuflicient to pay them, fhall be defrayed, paid, and accounted for in like manner as the expences attending the execution of the faid recited act.

VIf. And whereas by the faid a£t palled in the la# fcf-linn of P.uliament, entitled, Jin aft for granting unto his Mo* jrjiy, Ids hens and fucajjlrs, an additional duty on wine, bides, birr, ale, and other goods and tnerckcndvzes therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and filler lace, and of ail cambriels and lawns, except of the tnanujallcr: of Great Britain, and of all hops, cc.eepi of the growth of Great Britain, and the hritifb plantations, ami of all gifs except from Great Britain, it was er.a&ed, That the fum cf two thoufand pounds thereby granted to Jofe*ph Smith of Bab briggan, cotton manufactuier, fliould not be paid unto him until he (hould cuter into fecurity a3 is therein required, conditioned for complcating a building at Balbriggan before the Uventy-f fth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, of one hundred feet in length, thirty feet

is

The Hvtnty$f& Tear of George Tif.	f!J§

» breadth * artd five ftories high, capable of containing two A. I^< thoufand five hundred fpindles, and for keeping two thou* 1785^ fend five hundred fpindles employed therein in the cotton Chap. 63-work for feven years from the twenty-fifth day of March,	mJ

Ond thoufand feven hundred and eighty-five, ptfrfuant to the voluntary offer of the faid Jofeph Smith fet forth in his petition to the houfe of commons : and whereas by one other aft pafled in the lafl feflion, entitled, An ad for the tjfuing Recital of %h treafury bills to the .amount therein mentioned, for the purpofe of 24 G. 3. e. 12. promoting manufactures by providing for the feltlement of a num-	*^11	Jto***

her cf indujlrious manufacturers at Profpcrous in the county of	Brooks,

Kildare, it was enafted, That the fecurity to be given by ef<^ u herein* Robert Brooke, efquire, therein named, purfuant to the faid aft, fliould be conditioned that the faid Robert Brooke fhould from fuch time as the treafury bills therein mentioned fliould be iffued, until the twenty-fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or until there fhould be paid by him, his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, into his Majelly’s treafury, a fum equal to the piincipal fum or films for which fuch treafury bills fliould be iffued, keep cenllantly employed in carrying on of manufaftures at the faid' town of Profperous, a number of manufafturers, at the rate of eight perfons for every hundred pounds for which fuch treafury bills fhould be ifTued ; be it further enafted.

That the faid commiflioners of impreft accounts (hall, from time to time, once at leafl in every year, enquire into the performance of the faid conditions refpefttvely, and (hall have the fame powers and authorities for enquiring into the fame, as are given unto them, with refpeft to any matters to be accounted for before them.

VIII.	And whereas the faid commiflioners are required	The auditors

by law to make three copies of all accounts direfted by the of foreig*J ac-faid aft ; be it further enafted for the better regulation of ^^*^11 audit the duty of the auditors of foreign accounts, and imprefts, ill account* laid That the faid auditors fhall audit all accounts, previous to befure the faid their being laid before the faid commiflioners for gerufal, commiffionen, trial, and examination, laying at the fame time before them, M crcm* an engrofled copy thereof on parchment; on which copy the declaration of the faid commiflioners is to be made, and the faid copy, with the declaration fo made thereon, is to remain of record in the court of exchequer, by being de-pofited and kept in the office of the faid auditors, and the faid auditors (hall at the fame time report to the faid commiflioners in writing, every omiflion, defeft, and fufpicion of fraud, which they fhall obferve, and ftate the fupers and infupers which fhall appear to them necefiary to be made, together with fuch observations thereon as may have occurred to them in the auditing thereof, and fhall be, in their opi-O o 2	nion.

5*0

A. D.

,7*5* ,

The fwentyfiflh Tear of George III.

man, expedient lo be laid before the faid cornmiflioners, 4ncf the faid auditors, when any account (hall be declared by the faid commiffioners, (hall engrofs on parchment, two copies thereof, one to be given by the faid commifikmers to the party or parties accounting, and the other to be delivered by them to the clerk of the hotife of commons, purfuam to the provifions in the faid firft recited aft.

CHAP. LXIV.

An Ad to amend an Ad, entitled. An A3 for ckanfng the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and»f the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda and Beijaft, and for eroding a Bailaft Office in the fatd City, And each cf the faid Towns*

much of

the 3G. a.c. ai. ai relates to the port. See. of J&tifaft, is re-pcaledv

Corporation fot the purpofes o» itub a£t.

WHERE AS by an aft of Parliament made in the third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An ad for clearing the ports, harbours, and rivers of the city of Cork, and of the towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfajl, and for ereding a bal-lof-office in each of the faid cities, and each of the faid towns, the lovereign and free burgefles of the faid town of Belfaft are empowered, in manner therein mentioned, to ereft a ballad-office in the faid town of Belfaft, and certain rates and duties are thereby made payable to the faid fovereign and free burgefles, by (hipping reforting to the faid port, and feveral powers are thereby veiled in them for the purpofe ef enabling the faid fovereign and free burgefles to cleanfe and improve the faid harbour of Belfaft : and whereas the (aid recited aft has been found ineffeftual for the purpofes afore-faid : be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid recited aft, fo far only as the fame relates to the faid port, harbour, and river of Belfaft, and alfo fuch part and parts of all and every other aft and afts of Parliament now in force in this kingdom, as vefts or veil any power or authority whatfoever relative to the cleaning or improving the faid port, harbour, or river of Belfaft, in any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, be, and the fame are hereby from henceforth repealed.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority arorefaid, “That the right hoooarablt Arthur earl of Donegal, the

right

Digitized by

Google

The twntyfflb Tear of George III.

right honourable John Beresford, the right honourable John Fofter, Waddel Cunningham, John Holmes, Robert Thomp-fon, John Campbell, George Black, Hugh Montgomery, Charles M4Kenzie, Robert Bradihaw, John Brown, William Brown, James Stephenfon, and Cunningham Gregg, efquires, be, and are hereby appointed one body corporate and politick for carrying into execution the purpofes of this aft, and as fuch Ihall have perpetual fucceflion, and be capable of fuing and being fued, and (hall be called and known by the name of u the corporation for preferving and improving the pot*t and harbour of Belfall,” and (hall have a common feal.

III.	And be it furtherrnafted by the authority aforefaid. That if it fhall appear that any fum or fums of money, goods, chatties, effefts, eftates, or property of what nature or kind foever were, immediately before the palling of this aft, veiled in the faid fovereign and free burgelTes of die town of Belfall, or in any other perfon or perfons wliat-foever, by virtue of the faid recited aft or otherwise, for the ufes and purpofes tn the faid aft mentioned and contained, or any of them, that the fame be, and are hereby from henceforth veiled in the faid corporation to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes direfted by this aft ; and that the fame, and all and every the books of account, minutes, vouchers, fecurities, papers, evidences, and writings whatfoever (if any ftich there be) relating to the fame, he immediately after the palling of this aft, delivered to the laid corporation by the faid fovereign and free burgelTes, or' their officer or officers, or fuch other perfon or perfons as fliall have the cullody thereof,

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the members of the laid corporation, orfome three of them, do and IhalJ meet and afTemble themfelves at the exchange in the faid town of Belfall, on or before the lirlt day of Augull next, and do and Ihall at fuch meeting appoint and coullitute one office in fome proper and convenient place in the faid town, which from thenceforth fhall be called and known by the name of the bailall-officc of fhp port of Belfall.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no aft of the members of the corporation Ihall be deemed an aft of the faid corporation, unlefs there Ihall be, at the lead, three members of the faid corporation duly aflcmbled, prefent at fuch aft ; and that the aft of the majority of the members prefent * not being fewer than three at every meeting duly af-fembled, Ihall be, and be coniidered as the aft of the faid corporation.

f	VII.	And

Moaey, which have jbceo hefore palling this a£t veiled iu any perfon by faid a&, lhaij be veiled in laid corporation, as herein.

Said corpora* tion, or 3 of them Ihall irct at the exchange of Belfall, and appoint a ballad office.

No aft of dv?

co<potation, it’

3 member*: 9t prefent, &c.

Digitized by Google

Tbt tvuewfy'fifth Tsar $/III.

A. D.

17^5-Chap. ,64.

The corporation may meet at the tmee, ao«i tive anti fign orders.

May fummon members when necefiary, for

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afovefiud. That from and after fuch time as fuch office fhall be fo appointed as aforefaid, the faid corporation ihali and may, at fuch times, and as often as they (hall think fk, meet arid af-fcmhle themfelves at the place fo as aforefaid to he appomted, or at fuch other place as iball or may, from time to time, be appointed by them for fuch office; and (hall and may at fuch meeting, give and fign orders for the. necefiary, current, and ufual expenditures for the carrying on the general and ufual bufinefsof the faid corporation.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, from time to time, when and as often as they fhall think necefiary, or find it expedient, by fummon6 to be left at the ufual place of abode of each and every of the members of the faid corporation, or fuch of them as fhall be refident in, or within three miles of the faid town of Bel-, fall, to convene a meeting or meetings of the faid corporation to be held at the faid office, which fummons fhall ex-prefs the purpofc for which fuch meeting fhall be intended; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, at fuch rcfpe&ive meeting or meetings fo to be convened as aforefaid, to give and fign orders for the payment of all extraordinary or unufual expenditures which they fhall find or judge necefiary for carrying into execution the purpofes of this aft ; ami to eleft and appoint fuch officers as they (bail think fit and proper for the execution of the feveial matters comprized in this aft; and to eftablifii fuch falaries and allowances to be paid to fuch officer and officers, and every of them refpeftivcly, out of the produce of the payments and duties herein after dinfted to be paid, as to the faid corporation fhall feem fit and reasonable, and the fame to encreafe or diminifh from time to time, as to them fhall feem reafonahle ; and alfo from time to time, when it fhall appear to the faid corporation, that fuch officers, or any of them, fhall have been guilty of any ne-gleft, or improper conduft, to remove fuch officers, or any of them, and to eleft fuch others in their (lead, as they fhall think fit; and alfo from time to time to make and ordain fuch rules, bye-laws, and regulations for cleanfing ar.d improving the faid port, harbour, and river of Belfad, and for regulating the conduft of the mailers and owners of fhipping reforting to the faid port and harbour, in the throwing out and taking in their ballail, and in flationing and mooring their (hips and vefiels, and for regulating the conduft of the owners and managers of lighters, gabbards, and other vefiels to be employed in fumifhing ballail to, and taking ballad from fuch (hipping, or in carrying goods or

merchandizes

The tnvtnty fifth Tear of George 1 IT.

merchandizes to or from any vefTel in the faid harbour, and for fccuring of fhips and vcflels trading to the faid port and harbour, and for regulating and conducing the bufmefs of the aforefaid office, and for the well governing of the faid office, and the feveral officers and clerks to be employed therein, and in and about the bulinefs thereof, and for the regulating the conduft, and well governing the feveral pilots, pilot-mailer, and haven-mailers to be appointed as herein after mentioned, and for appointing the place ifi which fuch office as aforefaid, fhall be from time to time held, as the faid corporation fhall judge neceflary or expedient, and by fuch bye-laws, or any of them, to appoint fuch fine or fined to be paid for any breach or breaches thereof refpeftively, aa they fhall think fit, and to be levied by fuch ways and means as the faid corporation fhall, by fuch bye-laws, or any of them, direct; ail which rules, orders, bye-laws, and regulations fhall be as binding and conclufive, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were enafted by this aft 5 provided fuch rules, orders, bye-laws* and regulations, or any of them, or any matter therein to be contained, fhall not be contrary to any of the laws and ftatutes of this realm, or 16 this aft, or any of the daufes herein contained, and that no fine to be impofed for any breach or breaches thereof, fhall exceed the fum of forty fhillings fterling.

VIII.	And provided alfo. That no fuch appointment or

appointments as aforefaid, of any fuch officer or officers as !TcmJ)f

aforefaid, or of the falary or falaries, allowance or allow-

ances, to be paid to them, or any of them, fhall be valid; turn be not

nor fhall any rule, order, bye-law, or regulation to be made laid before the

by the faid corporation, be of any force or effeft, unlefs a lord lieutenant '	•	•	.	r	r c	'• „	:	•	T	r	’ana council,

return in writing of fuch appointment or appointments, fa- aj farcin

lary, or falaries, allowance, or allowances as aforefaid, and a true copy of fuch rule, order, bye-law, or regulation as aforefaid, as the cafe fhall happen to be, which return or copy fhall be under the feal of the faid corpora* tion, fhall he laid before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, and the privy-council of this kingdom for the time being, by delivering the tame at the office of the clerk of the privy-council, thirty-one days at lead before fuch appointment or appointments, rule, order, byelaw, or regulation, fhall be intended to takt tfreft ; and if the (aid lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council, fhall within the faid thirty-one days, fignify to the faid corporation, at their faid office, their diiapproba-tion of fuch appointment or appointments, rule, order, byelaw or regulation refpeftively, the fame fhall be of no fore pr eiTeft.

Ko appoint*

Google

IX. ProW

J84	77tf twenty-jifth Year of George III,

A* D. IX. Provided always, That if the faid lord lieutenant*

17B5.	or chief governor dr governors, and privy council for the

Chap. 64. time being, ihall not within the faid thiity-one days, lobe ^computed from the day of delivering in at the office of the If difipproha- clerk of the privy council, in manner aforefaid, fuch return, nThcd in'3*1	or coP^ ai a^orc^a‘^> fignify to the faid corporation, at their

day» after deli- fe'd office, their disapprobation of fitch appointment or ap-very of there- pointments, rules, orders, bye-law, or regulation rcfpcftivt-tuin, fuch ap- iy, the fame (hall, from the time of the expiration of the CKiortl fa*d thirty*°nc days, (land in full force and effeft, not with-Handing that fuch lord lieutenant, or chief governor or gt>-vernors, and privy-council (hall not have fignified any exprefr approbation thereof. new^en^rt^5	11	^urt^cr	cna&cd	by	the authority aforefaid,

to be eieded	That for continuing the fucceffion of the faid corporation

u herein.	from time to time, when, and as often as any of the laid

perfons hereby named, or hereafter to be eieded members cf the faid corporation (hall happen to die, or rtfign, or refine or decline to ad, the rejqaining members of the faid corporation, or any three of them, ihall by publick advertifement 111 fuch publick newfpaper in the faid town of Belfail, as they (hail appoint, or by publick advertifement to be conr {picuoufly polled on the doors of the thoUel and court-houfe^ and on the market-lioufe of the faid town, convene a mett-

If the corporation omit lor days toconvene a meeting for lucheicction, any 3 of the uicurunt', &c. m.y convene a meeting, and f tet a member, a»

ing of the members of the faid corporation, and alfocf the wholefale importing and exporting merchants, and (hip owners, rcfident in the faid town of Bel fa ft, or within thice miles thereof, and who (haft be free of the fix and ten per cent, at the cuftom-houfe cf Belfail, cf which meeting eight days previous notice (hall be given by fuch publick advertite-ment as aforefaid, and at fuch metting, fuch members of the faid corporation, and alfo fucji merchants qualified as aforc-faio, and nrp owners as fhall be prefent thereat, (hall proceed to the citation of and (hall nominate, eltft, and appoint z fit and able perfon, or fit and able ptrfons to be a member Or members of the faid corporation in the room and (lead of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fo happen to die, or refige, Or relufc, or decline to aft.

Xi. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the faid corporation ihall negicd or omit ;o convene fuch meeting as aforefaid, for the ipace of twenty-orre days, next after fuch vacancy or vacancies thalj happen in the laid corpoiation as aforefaid, it (ball and may De lawful to and for any three of fuch merchants or Cap owners as aforefaid, l>y fuch publick advertifencent as herein before mentioned, to convene fnch meeting of the members of the faid corporation, and of fuch merchants and (hip-Owners as jjfqrefhid, and that^ it (hall and may be lawful to

Digitized by

,f6roogIe

The twenty fifth Tear of George III.

5*5

and for the perfons prefent at fuch meeting, to proceed to A. D.

make fuch eleftion as aforefaid, which eleftion (hall be 1785. as valid and effeftual to all intents and purpofes as if the (aid Chap. 64. meeting had been convened by the faid corporation, or any three or more of the members thereof as aforefaid.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be* it drafted by the authority If the perfon, aforefaid. That if fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall (b hap- whofede*th,&c. pen to die, or refign, or refufe or decline to aft as aforelaid,

(hall be a merchant or merchants, (hip-owner or (hip-owners, chant* 3cc. tho then the perfon or perfons fo to be elefted, nominated, and perfon appoint-appointed in his or their (lead, (hall be a merchant or mer-	iu bis Head,

chants qualified as aforefaid, or a (hip-owner or (hip-owners . as aforefaid, and who (hall be refident in, or within three m a flup-owucr, miles of the faid town of Belfaft; and if fuch perfon or as herein, perfons who fhallfo die, or refufe or decline to aft, (Kadi not be a merchant or merchants, (hip-owner or (hip-owners, then

the perfons prefent at fuch meeting (hall and may cleft, nominate, and appoint in his or their (lead, fuch perfon or performs as they (hall think fit.

XIII. Provided always. That no perfon to be elefted as Perfon defied

aforefaid (hall have power to aft as a member of the faid cor- 10 fiAVcno P°w-.	ir .	-	•	•	.	.	,	.	cr as a jxembtr,

poration, unkfs a return m writing containing the name and ttn|cu a return

addition of the perfon who (hall be fo elefted, (hall be laid be la d before before the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, chief governor and privy council of tfcir kingdom for the time being, by leaving the fame at the office of the clerk of the privy council, at leaft thirty-one days before fuch perfon (hall in any manner aft as a member of the faid corporation, and that if the faid lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors, and privy council (hall, within the faid thirty-one days, fignify to tlie*laid corporation at their faid office their disapprobation of fuch cleftion, and direft a new one to be made, then fuch

cleft ion (hall be void, and the faid corporation (hall go to, and hold in like manner a new cleftion for the filling up fuch vacancy or vacancies, and fo from time to time until fuch perfon (hall be fo elefted, as (hall not be difapproved of by th^l&rd lieutenant or chief governor or governors, and privy council as aforefaid.	*

XIV.	Provided always. That if the faid loid lieutenant, Valid if no or chief governor or governors, and privy council, (ball not difcpprobation, within the faid thirty-one days, to be computed from the ** ^crciu* day of delivering in manner aforefaid, fuch return as aforefaid, fignify to the faid corporation at their faid office a disapprobation of fuch cleftion as aforefaid, the fame (hall .from the time oF the expiation of the faid thirty-one days be valid and effeftual to all intents and purpefes, notwith-ftanding that fuch lord lieutenant or chief governor or governors, and privy council, (hall not 'have fignified any '	expels

Digitized by booQle

5B6

Tbe twenty fifth Tear if George 1IL

exprefs approbation thereof, aad then and from thenee-foith every perfon fo to be ele&td, (hall have full power and authority to aft and do in all things comprized in tius aft in as full, large, and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes as any of the members hereby nominated aad ap-pointed.

XV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That mnuD» wjlu ^ any	perfons	now	nominated,	or	who fhall hereafter

ccafc to’be fuch cl^fted a member of the faid corporation purfuant to the m herein* powers of this aft, (hall continue to abfent himfelf from the meetings of the faid corporation for the fpace of three calendar months, without/ leave from the faid corporation pre-vioully given and entered in the minutes of the faid corporation, fuch perfon (hall from and after the expiration of the faid three months be deemed and confidefed as having declined to aft, and (hall to all intents and purpofes ceafe to be a member of the faid corporation, and another perfon fnall be elefted, purfuant to the diyeftions of this aft, in the room of the perfon fo abfenting himfelf, unlefs it (hall fully appear to the faid corporation that fuch perfon was prevented from attending the meetings of the faid corporation by fickncfs or other unavoidable Hcceffity.

I.^hfrrt, See. XVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, be kept Tk*1 faid corporation do and (hall provide and keep as	V	from	time to time a fufficient number of lighters or gab-

bards, together with proper and fufficient workmen, tools and engines for the railing ballad in fuch part or parts of the faid Iwrbouf or river, as (hall be by them judged expedient, and (hall fumiffi all (hips and veflels wanting or re* quiring ballad within the faid port with ballad at the rates beiein after mentioned, within twenty-four hours after notice (hail be given fo to do by the commanders or maflcrsof fuch (hips or other veflels to the perfon who (hall from tunc to time aft a6 ballaft-mafter under the faid corporation, fo as wind and weather fhall permit the fame to be done; in cafe wind and weather (hall not within fuch twenty-four hours permit the fame to be done, then the faid corporation or the proper officer or officers who (hall aft under the faid corporation for that purpofe, (hall furnifh or caufe to be fumifhed /.•eh ballad to fuch (hips or veflels refpeftively, within twelve hours after wind and weather fhall permit them fo to Co.

Members ah-ibtitiglor 3.

nwutrht

Bdi>d to be XVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-Jjj**^**1* faid, That the faid ballad fo to he fumifhed as aforefaid, (hall and rtmnvnin ’ brougkt to the fides of the (hips or veflels which (hall have by the crew. occafion for the fame in the lighters or gabbards to be provided and kept as aforefaid, and thence immediately thrown

v

Tit twntyffib Tear of Geosge ill*	5^7

itiho -ftieh (hips or vdfiels by the crcwe of fuch 'fhips or vdTcls A. D--refpc&ively.	178$.

XVIII.	Provided always, That when and fo foon as one Chap. 6±* or more wharf or wharf* fhali be ere<fted for the faring and v--—v—^ ’ floring of ballaft purfuant to the powers herein after con- When wlfaifr tained, and that there (hallbe a fuffident quantity of ballaft

in fKtd upon fuch wharf or wharfs for the implying of any iugicitnryft->r^ (hip or veffel wanting the fame* it fhali and may be lawful to td, the vofitfls. and for the faid corporation, or the officer or officers to be waiumg tht appointed by them for that purpofe, to order and direct at their diferetion any fhip or ueffel requiring ballaft as afore- fUoh wharfc, faid, fare only and except fuch (hips or veftels as fhali have as heicin. difeharged their cargoes below luch of the (aid wharfs as fnall be fituated the fur theft down in the faid harbour, to go along-fide of fuch wharf or wharfs, and take in fuch ballafl from the fide or fides thereof, in which cafe the (aid corporation or their officer or officers (hall not be obliged to furnifh fuch fhip or veffel with ballad in a lighter or lighters.

XIX.	And be it further cnafted by the authority afore- Lighter?: ct faid. That the laid corporation (hall furaifh or caufe to be paW^rdsto be fumifhed at the rate herein after mentioned, to the com- t«1»»1 lail xnanders or mafters of any fhips or velfcls which (hall from oVt<Oi((W« time to time arrive within the faid port, laden with ballad, arriving there-*

f;cod and fufficient lighters or gabbards, with proper and w,t*4* rtitu ufficient workmen and tools for the taking and carrying fuch ballaft from fuch fhips or veffels within twenty-four hours after notice for that purpofe fhali be given by fuch commanders or mafters refpe&ively at the aforefaid office, if wind and weather fhali permit, and in cafe wind and weather fhali not then permit the fame, then within twelve hours after wind and weather (hall permit them ft> to do.

XX.	Provided always, That Sunday (hall not be accounted any part of the twenty-four hours or twelve hours afbre-£aid 5 and provided alfo. That w hen and fo foon as fuch Pallaft to he wharf or wharfs as aforefaid, fhali be fo built and unJa‘\cn at erected, it fhali and may be lawful to and for the faid cor- *r *.aPP°“lt“ poration, or the officer to be appointed by them for that purpofe, to order and direft at their dilcretion any fhip or veffel requiring to difeharge and unlade ballaft to difeharge and unlade fuch ballafl at and upon fuch wliarf and wharfo as aforefaid, in which cafe the faid corporation or their faid officer or officers (hall not be obliged to fmnifh t6 the commander or mafter of any fuch fhip or veffel any lighter or gabbard for the taking l'uch ballaft from fuch fhip i>r veffcL

XXI. And

If the crew of any veffel octa-delay to the ga 'hard*, *c the mailer (hall forfeit foch fan, as heron.

The matter of any vdTtl, who luff rbaJ-

lalt to be taken fr unauy period, except aa herein,

or fuffer any to betaken from hutedel,

foch matter, an i fh'- prrfua the balUff bt dr* li%eixd to, forfeit jL •

Veff I* taking in baliail pa/ for every ton, as herein.

The twenty-fifth Tear ef George IIL

XXI.	And to the end that fuch lighters or gabbards a» (ban or may be employed in bringing baliail to, and taking ballad from foch (hips or vdfefe a* aforefaid refpeftivclr, (hall not be longer detained in (o doing than (hall be necef-fary; be it cna&cd by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the crew of any (hip or veffel (hall neglect or refufe to take in oread out their ballad, fo as to occafion any unreafonablc or unnecefiary delay therein, to any lighter or lighters, gab-bard or gabbards which may be employed under the faid corporation to bring ballad to, or take ballad from fuch (hip or vefid, that then, and in fuch cafe, the commander or matter of every (hip or veffel refpe&irely fo delaying, (hall pay, or cauie to be paid to the ballad-mader for the time being, fur the damage which (hall be fudained by fuch delay, fu' h fam or fums as the faid corporation (hall, in a fum-mary reamer, finally adjudge and determine; fuch fum and fums of money to be levied by warrant under the fcal of the (aid corporation, by (ale of die offenders goods: provided fuch fum do ia no cafe exceed twelve pence for every hour fuch lighter or gabbard (hall be fo unneceflarily detained by the negkd or default of the crew of fuch (hip or (hips, *ef-fd or vcffds as aforefaid.

XXII.	And be it further ena£led by the authority afore-laid, That if the matter or commander of any (hip or veffel which (had be in the faid harbour, (hall take or permit, oy fader to be taken into fuch (hip or veffel, any ballad whntfo-ever from any perfon or perfons, fave only from fuch perfon or perfoos as (hall be thereunto appointed by thfc faid corporation, or (haU permit or fuffer any baflatl whatfoever, to be taken from foch (hip or veffel, fave only by fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be thereunto appointed as aforefaid ; then, not only faid matter or commander, but alfo the pc rfon who (haU deliver to, or take from fuch fhfp or veffel, fuch ballad as aforefaid, dull, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fu n of five pounds fterling, to be paid to fiich perfon or perfons as (hall give information of fuch offence to the faid oorpoia-tion.

XXIIL And be it ena<£led by the authority aforefaid. That die matter or commander of every fuch (hip or veffel belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the Britifti plantations, that (hall take in baliail from the faid office, within that part of the faid harbour lying between the pool of Garmoyle, and the bridge of lielfaft, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid to the officer who (hall be appointed by the faid corporation to receive the ffime, two (hillings for every ton of friwh ballad which (hall be delivered; and (hall pay, orcaufe to be paid to the faid officer for every ton of ballad delivered in the faid podl of Garmoyle, or below it towards the fea,

*

Digitized by Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of George ill.

to any fuch fhip or (hips, veffel or veffel* belonging to Great Britain or Ireland) or the Britilh plantations as aforefaid, two (hillings and fix pence $ fave only, and except colliers or veffds laden with coals, and coalting veffds, which are to pay in the proportion herein after mentioned, and that the mailer or commander of all and every foreign fhip or (hips, veffel or veffds, that (hall take in baJlafb as aforefaid, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid to the officer or officers who (hall be appointed by the laid corporation to receive the fame as aforefaid, one third part more for every ton of ballaft which (hall be fo delivered to fuch foreign (hip or (hips, veflel or veffds, than what is as aforefaid direded to be paid by (hips or vef-fels belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the Britifh plantations.

XXIV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the mafter or commander of any (hip or veffel dng out bailiff belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or to the Britifh plantations, who (hall put out ballad within the faid port or

harbour, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid to the officer who (hall be appointed as aforefaid, two (hillings for every ton of fuch ballaft which (hall be fo put out, and the mafter or commander of every fuch foreign (hip or veflel as aforefaid, who (hall put out ballaft within the faid port or harbour,

(hall pay or caufe to be paid to fuch officer as aforefaid, for every ton of fuch ballaft which (hall be fo put out, lave only, and except colliers or veflcls laden with coals, and coafting veffels, which are to pay in the proportion herein after mentioned.

XXV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

if the mafter or commander of any (hip or veffel which (hall Mafterofany be in the faid harbour, (hall buy or purchafe, or caufe or £aUaftWcxceUt procure to be bought or purchased from any perfon or per- a* herein***** (oris any ballaft w’hatfoever for the ufe of fuch (hip or veffel, alfothe perfon or (hall permit or offer any ballaft which (hall be fo bought felling the fame, or purchafed, fave only fuch as fuch mafter or commander ^orfcitl0**

(hall pay for to the faid corporation as aforefaid, to be put on board fuchrihip or veffel, fuch mafter or commander, and alfo fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fell fuch ballaft, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds each, one half thereof to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall give information of fuch offence to the faid corporation, and the other half of the faid penalty to be paid to the faid corporation, to be applied for thepur-pofes of this a61.

XXVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Taking on That if any fuch mafter or commander of any fuch (hip or bond any bab vefld which (hall be in the faid harbour, (hall in any man- l»vc only tier, or by any means or contrivance whatfoever take on ^ matter!* *" board, or permit or fuffer to be taken, on board fuch (hip or told, the matter

veffel

Veffel* ptit-

Digitized by

and the peri oils coucemcd fot -tat loi.

Every veffcl coming roBetaft

li .tll ;*y, ai.J ubovc the rate <>t ballad, » herein.

Vdfcb be# longing to fob* jc&s t«i |«y

Tht timmtjtfA KUut* of Geo*gc tit

ve&iany haH.id whatever,, fw only fuch ami fo ratieb ballad as be (hail give notice to and inform the perfeo who /hall act a* haUatt matter as aforc&id for tfbc time being, (hall be ncxe/Tary for fuch (hip or veflei as aforeAtid, fuch matter or commauder, and all and every perfon and perfon* who Pull be aiding. and alibiing in putting fuch ballad on board fuch Clip or vcfld, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, (tcrling, to be paid to the perfon or perfoos who (hall give intbnnatiou to the {aid corporation*

V \ VII. And whereas the improving and clean dog of the fa id port and harbour of Belfatt will be of great ufe to all /hips which (hall re/ort to the (aid port, and to all lighters, gabbards, and wherries plying within the fame, and a great and continual expence will be required toaccooa-plilh and carry on the works neeeffary for improving and cleaning the fame: be it therefore enacted by the authority afortliud, That from and after the palling of this ad the foliowiug rates and duties by way of tonnage, over and be-(ides all fum and fums of money payable for ballad as afore-faid (ball be paid, at the (hid office to fuch perfon or perlon* as the faid corporation ihall appoint to receive the fame, by themadere or owners of every (hip or veflei coming into the faid harbour of Belfaft, that is to fay, for every foreign (hip or. veil'd, or fuch as (hall not belong to any of his Majetty** fuhjo&s in Great Britain, Ireland, or the plantations, the fum of three pence for every ton of the burden of fuch (hip or veflei; and for every (hip or veflei which (hall belong to any of his Majefty’s fubje'is, except ve/Tcls in his Majefty’a pay, and vclTels which neither load or unload any goods in the laid harbour, which are not to be fubjed to the faid laft mentioned duties of tonnage, or any of them ; and fave alfo and except collicis and coailing. ve/Tcls which are to pay for tonnage in the proportion herein after mentioned, the fum of two pence for every top of the burden of fuch (hipor veflei; the faid fuverai aiul refpedlive rates or duties to be paid on every voyage, that ftny fuch (hip or veflei as aforefaid (hall make to the faid harbour of Belfaft, wlietber fuel* (hip or (hips (kail, or (hall not take in or put out ballad in the faid harbour; which tonnage ihall be computed by outward gauging of the faid ihips or veflek refpcctively, aud not other-wit ; and the ballad, mailer for the time being, and all and evc*y other officer and officers for that purpofe to be appointed, is, and are hereby to make -fuch outward gauge of every fuch (hip as dull come into or go* out of the faid hachuur from time to time* as they fliaU fee occafion.

XXVIII.	Provided always, Th;.t no (hip or veflei which (hall- belong to any of his Msjcfty’s fnhjt&s afore fa id* (hall, pay at any one time for fuch tonnage more than forty (hitting?, and that no fuch foreign veflei as alorefaid, fhall

S	PaX

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Teat of George-Ill.	594

pay at any one time foe fuch tonnage more than three A. IjL pounds.

XXIX.	And be It enafted by the authority afore-laid, That from and after the palling this aft, the proprietors and owners of all lighters, gabbards, wherries, boats* and hookers, which (hall be ufually employed in the laid harbour of B elf ait, (hall pay to the faid corporation the re*-fpeftive fums of money herein after mentioned* that, is to fay, for every gabbard or lighter, other than the gabbards and lighters belonging to the faid ballad office, ten (hillings fine, and ten (hillings per annum, for and during fuch time.as every fuch gabbard or lighter (hall be kept in the faid port or harbour, and for every wherry, boat, or hooker plying fox hire in the faid harbour, five (hillings fine, and five (hidings per annum.

XXX.	And to the end that the faid refpeftive duties,and fines payable as aforefaid may be more effeftually paid and levied: be it further enacted by the authority afore (aid.

That it (hall not bt lawful for the officers of hisMaje&y’s cuftom houfe at Belfad to clear or difeharge any (hip, or cnar OI (hips, veffel or veficls outward bound, or to permit any (hip baliaft matter or (hips, veffel or veffels outward bound to fail till the com.- be produced, mander or mailer thereof (hall have brought a difeharge from ** hcrciii. the ballad madcr to be appointed as aforefaid, teftifying that

fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels, has or have paid and	^

cleared the ballad money payable by fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or vefTel8, in cafe fuch (hip 01 (hips, veffel or ueffels, (hall have taken in ballad, and likewife all and fingular the payments and duties by this aft as aforefaid impofed, which difeharge from the faid ballad mader (hall, in cafe the nfefter or commander of fuch (hip or veffel (hall have really and truly paid the faid ballad money, payments, and duties* be immediately granted without fee or reward, or fraud or delay, upon fuch commander or mader fird making oath, or if of the people called quakers* then an affirmation before fuch ballad mader, or perfon authorized by the faid corporation to ad as fuch, which oath or affirmation fuch ballad mader or perfon is hereby empowered to adminider, that fuch coiil-mander or mader has paid at the faid office to the perfon who (hall be empowered by the faid corporation to receive the fame, the full amount of all money payable by him by virtue of this aft for the full quantity of ballad which had been taken in or put out of fuch (hip or veffel from the time of his arrival into the faid harbour, and that he had not during the faid time taken in, or put out more or any greater quantity of ballad than he had fo paid for.

XXXII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if fuck oath or affirmation fo to, be taken by fuch commander

17Z.S. Chap. 64.

Proprietors of lighters, flee. tsL p&y as heroin.

No vcffil to fill till the <jj£-



59*	71#	twentjfftb	Tear of George f I f.

A. Di * mander or matter as aforefaid, flmll be falfe, fuch commander 1785. or mafter fhall upon being thereof convidted by' indictment

Chap. 64. or information, lufFer the pains and penalties which by the laws now in being are to be inflidted on perfuns guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

Ba!Uft Bader XXXII. And be it further enabled by the authority afbre-d^ «f ofr fuch faid. That if thefaid ballad matter, or perfon authorized by ?eUi1|o|C* ^°r" the corPorat,on to as fuch, fhall upon fuch commander or mailer having performed fuch requitites as aforefaid, re-fufe or delay to grant fuch difeharge, the faid ballalt mafter or perfon fo refuting or delaying, fhall forfeit ten pounds for every fuch refufal or delay to the matter of fuch fhip or vefTcl, to be recovered by civil bill before any judge of aflize for the county of Antrim.

In cafe of	XXXIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Iwm Hwr^?e r^iat *n ca^c non-payment of any fum charged or charge-on fudihghters, able uP°n any lighter, gabbard, wherry, boat, or hooker by Ccc. the balldt this prefent adt, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mafter may d*f- ballail-mafler for the time being, and his deputy or deputies, tram, at herein. or any perfon appointed for the purpofe by the faid corporation, to cuter into every fuch gabbard, lighter, wherry, boat and hooker, and to feize and diflrain the mads, fails, oars, or other matters therein found; and if no fufficient dillrefs can be found therein, then to feize and diflrain fuch gabbard, lighter, wherry, boat, or hooker, and fuch dillrcis or dif-trefTes to detain and keep, until he or they be fatisfied and paid fuch fum and fums of money charged on fuch lighter, gabbard, wherry, boat or hooker, and which fhail be then in arrear and unpaid ; and in cafe of neglefl or delay of, or in payment of the fura or fums of money which fhall be fo in arrear as aforefaid for ten days next after any dillrefs or diftrefies fhall be fo taken as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and fov the faid ballad-mailer, his deputy or deputies, and the perfon or perfons fo appointed, and every or any of them to fell the diftrefTcs fo taken, and therewith to fatisfy the fum fo due and owing, and all reafonable cods and charges of taking, keeping, ^nd felling fuch dillrefs and dif-trefles, he and they paying the overplus anting by fuch fale, if a ly, to the perfon or perfons who fhall work, (ail, or ply in fuch lighter, gabbard, wherry, boat, or hooker, for the ufe of the owner or proprietor thereof.

Perfonswho	XXXIV. And to the intent that no afhes, dirt, or tilth

raft or d,rt may for the future be cafl into the faid harbour, or into any hour *Arc for- ^ewcr or ft***™ which empties itfclf into the faid harbour: feit5*. as herein, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon or perfons who fhall call any afhes, dirt, tilth, or rubbilh into the faid harbour, or into any fewer or dream that etrptio itfclf therein, being in a fummary way thereof convicted

upon

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1

The twenty-fifth Tear {/‘George III.	593

upon oath before foe chief magiftrate of foe (kid town of A. I).

Betfaft, or before any one or more of foe juttices of foe 1735-

peace of foe county of Antrim, of any of foe crimes afore- Chap. 64.

faid, committed within their refpe&ive authorities, (hall for-

feit for each and every fuch offence the fum of five (hillings,

for the benefit and advantage of every fuch perfon and per-

fons as (hall and1 will dhcover and profecute for the fame,

which laid fum of five (hillings (hall and may be levied by

didrefo and fide of the goods and chatties of foe offenders,

by the warrant 6f the (aid chief magiftrate or the jultice of ,	•	^

the peace before whom the party (hall be convi&ed ; and in

cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not have wherewithal to

iatkfy the fum of five (hillings, that then and in that cafe it

(hall and may be lawful to and for the faid chief magillrate

or jttfkicC of the peace refpe&ively to fend the faid offender or

•flinders to foe houfe of correction or common gaol of the

fiud county, to be kept to hard labour, fo as the confinement

of the fold offenders may not for any one offence exceed the

number of five days.

XXXV.	And for foe more effectual cleaning of foe laid BaDaft to bs harbour : be it enaSed by the authority afortfaid, That all taken one of the ballad that (hall from thenceforth be put on board any (hip harbour as di-or vefTel within the faid harbour, purfuant to the directions

of this a£t, (hall be taken out of fuch part or parts only of purpofe, the foid harbour, at (hall from time to time be dirc&ed by as herein, the officer or officers, to be appointed by foe (aid corporation for that purpofe, and that no ballad (hall be carried from one (hip to fupply another, and that no ballad (hall be thrown out of any (hip into the faid port or river, upon pain of forfeiting for every of the faid offences foe fum of five pounds, to be recovered and levied as herein after dire&ed, one half td be paid to the perfon who (haU give information thereof, and the other to the (hid corporation.

XXXVI. And be it ena&ed by foe authority aforefiud,	Matter of a

That if the matter or manager of any lighter, which (hall be liehter who employed by the fiud corporation to take up or drudge for t**e UP h»ll*d, ballad in foe faid harbour, fhall drudge for or take up any	fbr-

ballad in or from any other port of foe find harbour than fcit* 40s. fuch part thereof as the (kid corporation or foe officers or officer to be by them authorized for that purpofe (hall from

time to time dired, fuch matter or manager, (hall forfeit over and befides any other penalty impofed for fuch offence by this wBtp the fum of forty (hillings, to be deduced out of fuch moiety as may be from time to time payable by foe find corporation to foch matter or manager of fuch lighter or gab-bird, or foe crew thereof, for any fervices done by them for the fold corporation.

Vol-VIL	P	p	XXXVII. And

594	77*	twenty-fifth	Tear	of George III.

XXXVII.	And to the end that no commander, or maf-ter of any (hip or (hips, veffel or veffels sefordng to the laid port of Belfaft, may have juft caufe of complaint, that his voyage is retarded by neglect of the faid officers of the (aid ballad-office, or that he fuffers for want of having ballail fumifhed to or taken from fucb fhip or (hips, veffel or vtflels: be it enatled by the authority aforefaid, That in cak the mailer or officers of the faid ballail-office.to he appointed by the faid corporation, his, or their fervantr, lhall negleft or refit fe to take off from orbring in ballafl to any (hip or (hips, vcffel or veffels, within the faid port or harbour, at the re-fjpe&ive time9 for doing thereof as aforefaid, the matter or commander of fuch fhip or veffel not having been ordered or di.e&ed as aforelaid, to take in or put out fuch ballaft at fuch wharf or wharfs as aforelaid, when ereded as aforefaid, or if wanting ballail, and that he (hall be fo ordered and dire&ed, and yet (hall not be able to obtain fuch ballaft, at fuch wharf or wharfs, that then, and in any of the faid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for thctoommaid-er and mailer of fuch (hip or veffel at any time after notice of fuch negfetl to be given at the faid office, to employ any other lighter or lighters, gabbard or gabbards, for the doing thereof, which faid lighter or lighters, gabbard or gabbard*, which (hall be fo by them as aforefaid employed, are hereby authorized and qualified to take up as. much ballaft in the channel of the faid port or river only, Offiah be requifitcibr ballaft in g fucb Ihip-or iliips veffel or veffids, fo as afordaid neglfc&ed, or to cany off fetch ballaft as (hall be in fuch (hip or flips, veffel or veffels as the cafe fhali happen to be, and in every fuch cafe upon oath thereof, made before the colico-t/>r of the port of Belfaft, or other principal officer of the cuftoms who (hall be then refrdent in .or ‘ncnrjtJic faid town of Belfeft, every fuch mailer of any ftlip or^veffel (ball bate hs difeharge and clearings.out of thefhidport os if he had produced fuch certificate from the ballail milter As aforefaid, and the ow ner or owners of eveiy lighter.or gabbard which Hull be fo employed either in the bringinto,, or taking ballaft from fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid, on account of fuel neglect by the faid ballafl-office^ /.(hall be paid by the (aid corporation, or the (aid ballad-mailer, tw» (killings and fia penef for every ton of ;ballail he or they (hall fo put into* awLtiw . (hillings for every ton of ballad which he. or they lhall fo take from fuch fhip or veffel.

No lighter In X XXVIII. Anxl ta the end that fucb lighters which (ball fervicc of the be employed by the laid ballad-office may give good atun-arnrCCoods	to the far vice of the (aid office : be it enaded by the

as herein • *	authority aforefaid, That no lighter of lighters taken iata

tkf

Upon nevlc£t of thelullatt* mailer, 6c c. taking ballad from any veffel, 6c c.

the comma nd-er of fireh veffel may employ any o: her lighter,6ce. *■» hciein.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

tlie fervice of the faid ballaft-office (hall at any time carry	A. D.

any goods, wares, or merchandizes of any fort, to or from	-1785.

any fhip or fhip9, veffel or veflels in the faid port or river. Chap. 64.

on pain of forfeiting treble the value of the gabbarage or

portage of fuch goods or merchandizes to the party that

(hall difeover the fame, to be recovered as herein after di-

refted.

XXXIX. And in order that a fufficient number of fkilful pilots may be appointed to take charge of fhips or veflels trading to the faid port, and that proper perfons may be appointed to regulate the placing of fuch fhips or veflels as (hall be therein, and to prevent the frauds and abufes committed by perfons employed in lighters within the faid port, and in order that the conduft of fuch pilots and other perfons fo to be appointed may be properly regulated : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling this A	^

aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corpora- corporation may tion, or any three or more of them prefent at any meeting appoint pilot*, -as aforefaid, and they are hereby empowered from time to *• herein, time to licence and appoint during their will and pleafure,

“(iich number of fkilful pilots for the purpofe aforefaid as they (hall think expedient, at and under fuch yeavly wages and fabrics as (hall be afeertained by the corporation; and that thefaid corporation may, and they are hereby empowered to appoint and authorize a proper perfon to be pilot-mafter within the faid port or harbour, and alfo one or more proper perfbrl Or perfons as they (hall think fit, to aft as haven-mafter, or haven-mafters within the faid port and harbour, which faid pilot-mafter, and haven-mafter fhall continue in their refpieftive offices during the will and pleafure of the faid corporation, at and under the yearly wages and falaries to be afeertained by the faid corporation, to be paid to fuch pilot-mafter, and haven-mafters refpeftivcly, the wages or falary of fuch pilot-mafter not to exceed eighty pounds by the year, and the wages or falaries of the faid haven-mafters, not to exceed eighty pounds by the year, for each of them, and that Regulation* the faid 'pilot mafter fhall, as the duty and buftnefs for for pilot-maf-whift* fuch his falary is to be paid to him, fuperintend the t«r% havea-ronduft of the feveral pilots to be appointed as aforefaid, maftcr»» and from time to time report the fame to the faid corporation, and .the faid haven-mafters fhall as the duty and bufinefs for which their faid falaries are to be paid to them, take care that buoys and floating perches fhall be placed and conftantly kept up in fuch part or part* of the laid harbour as the faid corporation fhall from time to time appoint for the better direftion and fecurity of the navigation to and from the faid harbour, and fhall alfo regulate P p 2	and

Powers granted to ha-vco-mafters to comecfc nuifao-cca, as herein.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

and Ration the trading (hips, veffcls, and Ughtcrtwithinthe (aid harbour.

XL. A ad for the bettter enabling the And haven-matters fo to regulate the fame: be it enafted by the anthority aforefaid, That it Audi and may be lawful to and for the laid haven-matters, or any of them to order and caufc tp be placed or removed (hip* or vtf&k within the (aid hafbfeur, where foch (hips or veffcls can more conveniently mOor or lie, or ought to lie, and ii cafe any matter or owner of (uch (hip or veftd (hall refufe. remoting as aforefaid, and continue fo to do for the fpaee of one hour neat after receiving fuch order from the (aid haVen-matterl, or atiy of them, then add in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid haven-matters or any of them, to hire and employ proper periods to remove fueh (hip or veflel to fuch part or' place in the (aid harbour, at the feid haven-matters'Or any of them (hall appoint, and that’the ex pence or hire of fuch perfons-fo to be employed in the faid fervice (hall be paid and borne By the faid arfetter or owner of faid (hip or veflel, together with a fum not exceeding five pounds, as a fine or pcn*ky,- to be recovered at herein after dire&ed, and be1 paid befbrfc atiy clearance or* difeharge (hall be allowed or granted for fuch (hip or veflel, and al(c> that the faid haven-matters,' or any of them (hall and may, a?>d are and is hereby empolvcred in cafe* of urgent neceflky, and for preventing the loft of any (hip or veflel, to cut the rope or Cable of any other (hip or veflel lying within the faid port or harbour of Bdftft, not being any of hit Majefty’s fhipsbf war, oremplOytd in the fer-viCc of hit M;qetty?s revenue of’ onflows or excife which (hall obttrud the navigation, or endanger the (hfety of any other vtflei j and the faid havert-mattere, and every of them it and are hereby alfo empowered to remove timber in rsSU floating upon any part of the faid harbour, where it may appear that the fame may ih ahy inknner obtVnid or impede the free navigation of (hips add veflels in the faid harbour, and remove wrecks and all other obttrti&iofts and impediments in the faid ndvigatibn, which may from time to tuite be in or upon the faid harbour; the expeftcc of removing drhhh timber, wrecks, and other ohftrudions, (hall be paid by the owner or owners of fiich timber, wrecks, or other matter* CHuling fuch obflruflion orobftru&iorts aS aforefaid; and ih cafe fuch owner or owners (hall refufe-to pay the (kme, cr if no fuch owner or dwrtera (hall appear, then the haveD-matters, or haven-matter are and it hereby dire&ed to report the fame to the faid corporation, and the faid corporation i* hereby empowered thereupon to ifluc their warrant empowering fuch haven-mafleri or haven-matter to fell by public!;

t

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Yeetr of George IJJL

lick capt, fuck timber, wrecks, or other matters, or any of them, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient to .pay the expence of removing the fame as aforefaid, and after paying and defraying fuch expence, the faid haven-praters or ha-'ven-matter (hall return the overplus of the money arifing by fuch fale, if any, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall appear to be the owners or owner qf fpeh timber, wrecks, or other matters relpe&ively.

XLI. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if the (hid haven-mafters, or any of them (hall be ubftruaed or mal-trqated by any perfon or perfons in execution of their of doty, penalty or his duty or bu(ine£s as aforefaid, or in the doing of any $1.

^natter or thing which the faid haven-mafters are by this a$ empowered to do, fuch perfon or perfons (hall (eve^ally par for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding the fum office pounds fterling, to be recovered and levied as herein after mentioned.

XLII. And be it enabled by the authority afqrcfiud, N* bavin* a That if the matter or commander of any (hip or veffcl whicji of^ttSs, (hall catt anchor within the faid harbour (hall not, immedi- penalty 5k and ately on fo doing, tie or fatten, or caufe to be tied or fattened 5*. for tvary a buoy to fuch anchor in fuch mapner, as that the faid buoy h°ttr*

(hallfloat in aconfpicuous manner, fo as that it nuty.be plainly and eafily feen in what place fuch anchor has been catt, fuck matter or commander (hall for every fuch offence or neglc^fc forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds fterlipg, and (hajl over and befides the fame forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings for every hour fuch anchor (nail remain without fuch buoy being tied or faffened thereto as aforefaid* the faid penalties to be recovered and levied in fuch manner a# i* herein after dire&ed, and paid to the perfon who fhal^ guys information of fuch offence or negle&, the enforcing qf which faid penalties (hall pot in any manner affe& any remedy which any perfon or perfons (hall or may have by action or otherwise, againft fuch matter or commander forapy damage or injury which may be. done to fuch perfon qr jpcji fons by means of fuch negled as aforefaid.

XLIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority jdqrcfrkb	Perches to be

That the faid corporation (hall within the (pace of one ca-	.

lendar month after ere&ing fuch bpllaft office, as aforefiud, f fix and place or caufe to be fixed apd placed at prqper distances on both fides of the channel of the faid harbour, good, fubftantial and confpicuous perches for the dire&km qffhip* ping, the feme to extend from Gtrmoyle afprefeid, to tpe laid quay of Belfaft, and (hall apd v(ilt frpm time to timf keep up and maintain the fiud perches upder the jpqp)ty qf forfeiting for every neglcft therein the (pm of five pounds, to be recpvered beforeJthe chtf.nwg^tepf Jfte feid.toir*

Obltru&icg

Digitized by

Penalty on perfons who fhall damage fhipt, 6cc in the harbour.

What fum to he paid for piloting vefleli, 5ec. as herein.

The twenty-ffth Tear of George III.

of Belfaft, and to be levied by warrant under the hand of the faid chief magiftrate.

XLIV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be deemed felony in every perfon or perfons, except thofe who may be lawfully empowered for that purpose, who (hall wilfully cut away any buoy or buoy lope from any anchor in the faid harbour, or Call, loofe, or cut away any (hip, lighter, veffel, or wherry from its mooring*, or deface or take away any floating buoy, or perch, or known fea mark, and that any perfon or perfons who fha3 be convifted thereof (hall be liable to the pains and penalties, and to fuffer the punifhmcnts to which perfons guilty of felony are now fubjeft.

XLV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-fiud, That the mailer or commander of every trading (hip or veflel laden with or carrying merchandize, coming into Gar-moyle from fea, or going out of Garmoyle to fea, and which (hall draw nine feet of water and upwards, and alfo the maf-ter or commander of every trading (hip or veflel laden as aforefaid, coming from Garmoyle to the quay of Belfaft, or going from the quay of Belfaft to Garmoyle, and which (hall draw foirr feet of water and upwards, (hall be obliged to receive and take on board fuch (hip or veffel refpeftively, a pilot licenfed as fuch in purfuance of this aft, and for every fuch (hip and veffel fave and except colliers or vef-fels laden with coals and coafting veffels, which are to pay pilotage in the proportion herein after mentioned, the maf-ter, commander, or owner thereof (hall pay, or caufe to be paid to the aforefaid ballatt-mafter of the ballaft-office of the faid port of Belfaft, at and after the rate or rates following, that is to fay, for every Iri(h, Britifh, or plantation veffel coming into Garmoyle from fea, or going out of Garmoyle to fea, and which (hall draw nine feet, and lefs than ten feet of water, eleven (hillings and four pence halfpenny for pilotage, and for every fuch veffel which (hall draw ten feet, and left than twelve feet of water, fixteen (hillings and three pence for pilotage, and for every fuch veffel that (hall draw kfs than fourteen feet of water and more than twelve, one pound two (hillings and nine pence for pilotage, and for *very fuch veffel which (hall draw fourteen feet of water or upwards, t\vo pounds five (hillings and fix pence pilotage, and for every Irilh, Britifh, or plantation veffel, coming from Garmoyle to the faid quay of Belfaft, or going from the faid ouay to Garmoyle, and which (hall draw four feet, and left than fix feet of water, five (hillings and five pence for

- DigitizeeNay

Google

» The twenty-fifth Tear of George IIJ.

tliah eight feet of water, ten (hillings and ten pence for pilotage, and for every fuch veffel drawing eight feet and lefs than nine feet of water, thirteen (hillings for pilotage, and for every fuch veffel drawing nine feet and upwards, the fame rates and payments refpeftively that fuch veflel is hereby fubjeft to coming into Garmoyle from fea, or going out from Garmoyle to fea, according to the number of feet of water fuch veffel (hall diaw as aforefaid, and one half more added to every fuch rate refpeftively ; and every foreign vef-fel, whether coming from fea into Garmoyle, or going from fd* to pay on* Garmoyle to fea, or coming from Garmoyle to the faid quay, more, or going from the faid quay to Garmoyle, (hall pay to the faid corporation for pilotage the fame rates refpeftively as Irifh, Britifh, and plantation veffels of the fame draft of wa* ter are under the fame circ urn dances fubjefted to by this ad, and one third part of tke faid rates refpedivcly more than the faid rates refpeftively.

XLVI. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. Rates to he That all colliers and coafting ve(Tels coming into or going out coaftws!*” of the faid harbour (hall pay to the faid corporation two third parts and no more of the rates herein before appointed to be paid for putting in and taking out ballad as aforefaid by other Irifh, Britifti, and plantation (hips or veflbls, and alfo two third parts and no more of the tonnage duty herein before appointed to be paid by other lridi, Britifli, and plantation (hips or veflels, and alfo two third parts and no more of the pilotage herein before appointed to be paid by other Irifh, Britifti, and plantation (hips or veffels which (hall draw the fame number of feet of water, and be under the fame circumftanccs of fuch colliers and coafting veffels.

XLVI I. Provided always, That no (hip or vefTel (hall be What deemed deemed a collier or vefTel laden with coals within the meaning coUicr*» of this aft, unlefs full nine tentli parts at leaft of the whole cargo of fuch fhip or veflel fhall confift of coals ; nor fhall any fhip or veflel be deemed a coafter or coafting veflel within what toafttrs. the meaning of this aft unlefs nine full tenth parts at leaft of the cargo which fhall be brought into the faid port or harbour by fuch fhip or veflel (hall have been originally and really and truly in the firft inftauce (hipped on board fuch fhip or veflel within fome port or ports of this kingdom.

XLVII1. And be it further enafted by the authority Perfons offer-aforefaid, That every perfon offering himfclf as pilot to any	P11**	Hn7

fhip or vefTel off the faid harbour fhall declare whether he	Vicc

be duly appointed and licenfed by the faid corporation to aft	*

as pilot purfuant to the direftions of this aft ; and that if

any

foreign vef-

Digitized by

Google

The twa+p-jiftb Tear of George IIL

aay perfon or perfonsfo offering himfejf or themfeKts, *nd not licenfed, (hall at any time or times he (hall fo offer him-felf or themfelves as pilot or pilots as aforefaid, declare him-felf or themfelves to be fo authorized and appointed as aforefaid, every fuch peifon fhall for fuch offence forfeit to the {aid corporation the fum of forty fhiQmgs, the fame to be recovered as herein after dirtied.

XLI&. Provided always, That if it fha& happen that a pilot licenfed as aforefaid, (hall not appear along fide of, and offer himfelf to any fhip or veffel coming from feainto the (aid harbour, before fuch fhip or veffel (haD arrive in tint part of the faid harbour called White-Houfc road, or during ilot	*UC^ timC 38 ^uc®1 °r vc^ be ,B the fold part

when the veffel the {aid harbour called White-Houfe road, then and in fuch is in the White- cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon whom houfc n»d the the mafter pr Commander of the {aid fhip or vcflcl (ball think amy^otor per-** ProPcr to aPP<>int, though not a licenfed pilot, to take f0n, *** charge and care of the {aid fhip or veffel as pilot thereof, and then and in that cafe no pilotage fhall be paid by the mafter or commander of fuch fhip or veffel to the {aid corporation $ mafter may and if it fhall happen that the mailer or commaoder of any do the fame ^o- fhip or veffel going from Gannoyle to the fca, or to the in* from Oar- ouav of Belfoft, or from the quay of Belfoft to Garmoyle, pioyle.	(hall demand or require from the faid ballaft office a pilot li-

cenfcd as aforefaid to pilot and conduit fuch veffel, and that a pilot licenfed as aforefaid fhall not appear along fide of fuch fhip or veffel within twenty four hours after fuch demand or requifition (hall be made at the faid ballaft-officet then and in that cafe alfo i% (hall and may be in like manner % lawful to and for any perfon whom the mafter or commaa* der of the faid fhip or veffel fhall think proper to appoint, though not a licenfed pilot, to take charge or cane of the faid fhip or veffel; and then and in that cafe alfo no pilotage fhall be paid by the mafter or ’commander of foch fhip or veffel to the faid corporation. l.ireTif'il p’iot L. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, *Thmt if neglfrftjrg h»s any fuch licenfed pilot as aforefaid, who (kail go on board

nr owmilifted	an? cr vc^ &°in£ or corB*ng out of the {aid har-

fo^3 iiu»mhs hour for the purpofe of piloting the lame, fhall wilfully or in any manner oeglcA or refufc to perform his duly in pilot-, ing fuch veffel fo as to caufc any unneceffary delay pr injury to fuch fhip or veffel, and fhall be thereof convt&ed on the oaths of two or more credible witneffes before the chief tna-giflrate cf the faid town of Belfaft, or any juftice of the peace for the faid county of Antrim, fuch pilot (ball for ^very fuch offence forfeit fuch fum as fuch chief magifbate or j : dice of the peace (hall think fit, not exceeding five.

pound*

600

7Tx twntyffth Tap of Qeorge IIJ.

pounds flerling, to be levied off the goods and chatties of inch pilot, by warrant under the hand of fuch chief magiftrate or juftice of the peace, and if no fufficient diftrefs can be had to pay the faid forfeiture, then fuch chief magiftrate or juftice of the peace is hereby required to combait fuch pilot to the common gaol of the faid county for fuch time as fuch chief magiftrate or Juftice of the peace ftiall think fit, not exceeding three months.

LI. And in order to enable the laid corporation to give due and fufficient encouragement to perfons a&ing as pilots a a afordaid, to-be afitive and diligent in their duties as fuch: be it enacted by the authority afordaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corporation to appoint any yearly film or fums of money to be paid to fuch (uper-annuated or fickly pilots as they (hall think proper, and to the yridow or widows qf any pilots who ifull have been drowned or loft in the difeharge of his or their duty as fuch ; provided all fuch fums together (hall not exceed in the whole one hundred pounds in any one year; and alfo from time to tiqie to grant and pay any pilot or pilots any fum or fums of money they (hall think fuch pilot or pilots may deferve for any extraordinary fervice performed by them, all which fums (hall be paid out of tne payments, rates, duties, and revenues which (hall arife by this a€t,

LII. And be it ena&ed by the authority atorefaid, That the faid corporation (hall be and they are hereby empowered to grant licenfes to fuch lightermen or owners of lighters, or veffels above the burthen of ten tons as (hall be employed to carry goods or merchandize to. or from any (hips or veffels in the (aid harbour of Belfaft: provided, That the owner or owners of any fuch fighter or veffd (hall previous to the granting of fuch licenfe enter into fecurity by himfelf or themfelves, and two other good and fufficient perfons as their fu reties to be approved of by the faid corporation, by bond in the penalty or fum of two hundred pounds, conditioned to keep up fuch lighter or veffel in good order and condition, and to have the (ame at all times properly manned, and to abide and be determined by fuch reafonable and accuftomed rates for freight or carriage of goods within the faid harbour as the (aid corporation (hall by any rule, order, or bye-law to be made-or ordained as afonefiud agree upon ; and alfo to abide by, perform, and fulfil all and every fuch rules, orders, bye-laws and regulations as the (aid corporation (hall purfuant to the powers in them veiled by this a£t make and ordain relative to the condud of fuch lightermen, Or the owners of fuch lighters or veffels.

LIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch fighter or veffel above the burthen of ten

tons

Cot

A. D.

1785. Chap. 6^*

100I. yearly for fupport of fickly or faper-ann Bated pilots, and widows of thofe drowned.

Licenfes to owners of lighters, See.

the'condition thereof.

Lighter, See. above 10 tons not licenfed.

Digitized by v^ooQle

6ot

A. D.

1785. Chap. 64.

Ice. found laden with good*. Sec,. forfeits 5I.

Stint' arifing try virtue hereof to be applied in paying iaiarits, and improving the harbour,

&.C.

Corporation

to ;c\ «*n ;t tvrth emmirt.rr.c13 ©: rr. j ri I) uc-<<>ue iu each pear.

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

tons as aforefaid, which (hall not be licenCed as aforefaid, and the owner or owners of which (hall not have given fuch fecurity as aforefaid, (hall be found laden with any goods, merchandize, matter, or thing whatfoever within the (aid harbour, or if any fuch owner or owners of any fuch lighter or veflels (hall retufe or uegjed to enter into fuch fecurity, and perform the requifites enjoined by this ad, then and for every of the faid offences, and for every time any of the (aid offences (hall be committed, the owner or mailer of fuch lighter or veflcl (hall forfeit the firm of five pounds fterliDg, to be recovered as herein after is direded, one half thereof to be paid to the perfon who (hall give information to the faid corporation of fuch offence, and the other half thereof to be paid to the faid corporation for the purpofts of this ad.

LIV. A nd be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fum and fums of money which (hall arife, grow due, or be levied from time to time by force and virtue of this ad, whether by way of payment for ballad, rates, duties, fines, forfeitures, or otherwife, (hall be applied in the firft place to pay the faid falaries and rewards, pilotage and neceflary ex pcnces'of the fkid corporation, and the refidue thereof from time to time, in improving and cleanfing the faid harbour, and rendering the fame more fafe and convenient for (hips and veflels reforting thereto, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means, as to the faid corporation (hall feem meet and expedient, and in building and ereding fuch ballad wharfs, and fuch wet and dry docks for dripping, as the faid corporation (hall judge requifite and proper, and if any furplua (hall remain, the fame (hall be paid to the pvefident and aflillants for the time being, of the I5elfait Charitable Society, for the letter fupport of the poor-honfe, and infirmary of the town of Pdfail.

LV. And to the end, that all and every the fum and fums of money which (hall arife, groiy du^, and be levied frdtn time to time by force and virtue of this ad may be properly and cffcdually applied to the purpofe of this ad; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid corporation (hall once in every year lay before the commiflion-ers of hrpreft accounts, a true and pcrftd account of all and every fum and fums of money w'hich (hall be received or levied as aforelaid, wiihin the year immediately preceding the fui nidling of fuch account, and how and in what parti* cular manner the fame (hall have been applied, \^hich account (hall be fo furnidled under the feal of the faid corporation, and the faid corporation is hereby further empowered to order and dired to be paid to any pilot or pilots, who (hall actually pilot any fliip or (hips into or out of the faid

Labour

*G?2glw

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

'll arbour of Belfaft, fuch fum or fums as according to the rate therein before limited and appointed to be paid for the piloting of {hips {hall appear to be due and payable to him or them, for fuch a&ual pilotage, and the faid corporation is hereby further empowered to afeertain, order, and dire&, to be paid out of the monies arifing by this ad, to any fea-man or feamen, perfon or perfons, who though not then ad-ing as a licenfed pilot or pilots, fnall in time of diftrefs aid, mffift, or take charge of any {hip or vcflel bound into or out of the faid harbour of Bclfali, any fum or fums they (hall think fit, as an extraordinary reward over and above any fum or fums which fuch feaman or feamen, perfon or per-fons, may be otherwife by law entitled to receive; and tha faid corporation is hereby empowered, for juft caufe {hewn or appearing to them to fufpend or remove from his or their employment or employments, any officer, pilot, or lighterman, who may at any time be employed by the faid corporation, and immediately to appoint fome fit perfon or perfons to ad in his or their place or places, who is and are hereby authorized fo to do until a due appointment (hall be made according to the dire&ions of this'ad, with refped to the eledlou and appointment of fuch officers refpedively.

LVI. Provided always, that it {hall not be neceflary for the faid corporation to make any return to the faid lord lieutenant, or chief governor for the time being, of the election or nomination of any perfon oi perfons whom they {hall at any time ekd or nominate as pilot or pilots.

LVII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no officer or officers, who {hall be employed in the execution of any of the powers of this ad, (hall take or accept from any perfon or perfons whomfoever any fee, or perquifite, gratuity, or reward, for or in refped of any matter to be done by him in the execution of any of the purpofes of this ad, fave fuch as (hall be ordered or direded by the faid corporation, to be paid to fuch pilot or pilots as aforefaid, and that if any fuch officer {hall offend herein, he {hall be immediately thereupon difmiffed from fuch employment or office, and be for ever afterwards incapable of holding or executing any office or employment under the faid corporation.

LVIII. And whereas the faid corporation may find it to be neceflary and proper, that the officers to be eleded, nominated, and appointed as aforefaid, or fome of them, {hould give and enter into fecurity for the faithful and honed difeharge of the duties of the office or offices to which fuch officer or officers {hall be % appointed: be it therefore •na&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, by any bye-law,

rule.

Officers who take any fee.

Sec. fave what may he ordered for pilots, (hall be dil miffed.

Officer* to jrrc fecmrity.

The corporation empowered to kev and determine all of-feocet, as herein.

The twentyfftb Tear of George III.

rule* order, or regulation, to be entered into by them* according to the aire&ions of this aft, to dire& and appoint any fuch officer or officers, as they (hall think proper, to give fecurity in fuch form, and payable to fuch perion or perfons, and conditioned in fuch manner as the laid corporation (hall by fuch bye-law, rule, order, or regulation, di-red and appoint; and that all and every the tecurities and fecurity which fhall be entered into by any perion or perfbos purfnant to fuch bye law, rule, order, or regulation {hall be as valid, binding, and effectual to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the form, manner, and condition of fuch feat-rides or fecurity were fpecified in this ad.

LIX. And be it epaded by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid corporation is hereby authorized and required to bar, try, and determine in a fummary way, all offences and breaches of any claufe or article in this prefent ad contained, other than fuch as are by this prefent ad appointed to be othenrife heard and determined; and for that pur-pofe, upon any notice, complaint, or information of any inch offence or breach as aforefaid, being laid before them, to fummon the party or parries fo complained of, and all fuch witnefles as may be neceflary to appear before them, by fiunmons in writing, under the hand of any officer to be by them thereunto appointed, to be left at the ufual place of abode of fuch party or witnefles, at lead twenty four hours before the time which (hall be appointed for fuch trial, and to examine all fuch witnefles upon oath, in th.' prefeace of the party who (haD be accufed, if fuch party accufed (ball appear : and in cafe fuch party accufed being fummoned, (nail not appear, the (aid corporation is hereby authorized to proceed as if fuch party had been prefent, and to examine into the matter of fuch notice, complaint, or information, and any fuch offence or breach of any fuch claufe or article as afordaid in this a& contained, being proved by the voluntary confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or mote credible wilnefs or witnefles, who (hall be fworn to give true teftimony on fuch trial, the faid corporation is hereby authorized and required to give judgment and fen-tence accordingly, as in and by this a& is dire&ed and ajs pointed, and afterwards to rffbe w arrant of diflreft under the fed of the (aid corporation^ to be dire&cd .to fuch per-fon or perfons as they (hall think fit for the levying of any forfeiture, fine or penalty infli&ed or impofed by the prefent ad for fuch offence or breach thereof, which (hall be fo proved as’aforefaid, by diftraining the goods and chatties of the party againff whom fuch judgment and fentence had been given as aforefaid; and if the goods and chatties which

M

—-

Dtgife-ed by

Gopgfc



7'be t‘wtnty$fth Year of George III.

ihaU be diftraioed by virtue of fuch warrant, fhaD not be re-adeemed within feven days after the fame (hall be fo didrain-^d, it (hall and may be lawful'to and for the (aid corporation to dire& the fame to be fold by publkk cant, and the fame, or fo much thereof a a (hall be fufficient to pay fuch forfeiture, fine, or penalty, (hall be thereupon immediately fold accordingly, and if there be any overplus after payment arf (aid forfeiture, fine, or penalty, fuch overplus (hall be returned to the party Whofe goods and chatties were fo dif-t rained ; and if the perfon or perfons to Whom fuch warrant fhall be direfted, cannot find fufficient diftrefs to anfwer or pay fuch forfeiture, fine, or penalty, then, upon proof made upon oath thereof, by fuch perfon or perfons, the firidcor-

Sration (hall ind may, by warrant, commit the party of-iding to the common gaol of the faid county, there to remain tot the fpace of one month, or until he (hall pay fuch forfeiture, fine, or penalty as aforefaid: and upon proof as aforefoid, that no fofftcient diftrefs can be found to fotisfy any forfeitures fine, or perialty impofed by this ad, not Exceeding five pounds, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (hid corporation, by warrant as aforefaid, to commit the party fo offending to the houfe of oorreftion, there to be kept at hard labour for any fpace oftiitie they (hall think proper, not exceeding three weeks.

LX. And He it ehafted by the authority aforefaid. That . the find corporation are arid is hend>y empowered td ad-	nifter

mfaiftrt* fuch oath or oathfs atf aforefaid, to all and ereky wit- *' nefs or Witness to be produced before them on any fuch trial ns aforefaid.

LX I. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that Perfons Com* if any perfon or perfons duly fummoned as aforefaid, to be “®ncd» wiu>rc-a witnefa or witneffes, and give teftimony upon any fuch and to make* trial as aforefaid, (hall riegieft or itfiife to appear bel ore the oath, and an-faid corporation as aforefaid, or appearing, (hall rrfofe to fwer queftions, make oath as aforefaid, or making oath, (hall refufe to an- forfcit Io1-fwer fuch queftions as (hall be demanded of him or them, touching the matter in queftion, he or they Ihafl, for e'vcry time he or they (hall fo offend, forfeit thefum of ten pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant to be iftued for that purpofe under the (cal of the faid corporation.

LXII. Provided alWajrs, That this aft, or any thing Complaints herein contained, (hall not extend to charge any perfon or ** madc t* perfons with any penalty, forfeiture, or punifhment for any of the offences or breaches aforefaid, unlefs the perfon or months after of. ptifons fo offending be complained of to the faid corps- fences commit-ration within three months after fuch offence (hall be com- ted*

mitted ;

Empowered

Digitized by v^ooQle

6q6

The corpora-tion aic empowered ro build wharf-*, and nuke wet and dry docks.

* /Htfions (hall he brought

within fix mouths.

This a& not to deprive any per fon or per-ir ns of his or their rights, in ai y iamis, &cc.

Tlx twenty-fifth Tear of George III.

mltted; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary oot-withftanding.

LX III. And whereas it is apprehended, that the freeing one or more wharf or wharfs, as before mentioned, for the faving and (loring of ballad, and the making ooe or more wet dock or docks, and one or more dry dock or docks, in a convenient part or convenient parts of the (aid harbour, would be attended with very great convenience to the flopping coming into or going out of the (aid barboni: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That i: (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corporation to buiki and ered fuch wharf or wharfs fpr the purposes afore-(aid, and to make one or more wet dock or dock?, and one or more dry dock or docks, in or adjoining to fuch part or parts of the faid harbour, and in fuch manner as they (hall think fit, or find expedient, and to purchafe fuch piece or pieces of ground as they (hall find necefiary for the laid purposes.

LXIV. And be it cnaded by the authority afoitfikl, That if any action (hall be brought, or fuit commenced againil any perfon or perfons for any thing which (hall be dene in purfuance of this act, or in relation to the premises, or any of them, fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought withia fix months after the fad (hall be alledged to have been done, and the defendant or defendants in fuch ad ion may plead the general iffue, and give the a/d and the fpecial matter is evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in. purfuance and by authority of this ad; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if fuch adion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time herein before limited, then the jury (hall find foj the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adioa or fuit (hall be non-fuited, or fuffer a thfiontmuanqe thereof, if i verdid (hall pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgment (hall be. given againfl the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant, or defendants (hall have double cods.

LXV. Provided always, That this ad (halj not extend, or be conffrued to extend, to deprive any perfon or periods, bodies or body politick or corporate whatfoever, of any right or rights, title or titles, which they or auy of then have by law to any lands, (labs, ftrands, or wears lying within the (aid port or harbonr of Belfall, or to aay royalties or fi.heries within the faid port or harbour, all which rights aud titles are hereby fdved and referved to all fuch perfon and perfons, body and bodies politick and corporate, as have the fame by law as aforefaid.

LXVJ,

5

The twenty fifth Tear of George III.

* ' V v1 ■	’ t* ».'*	*	,

LXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority

aforefaid, That T-hia a& (hall te a publick a&, and (hall

be deemed and taken notice of as fnch by all judges, jufti-

ces, and others, in all courts and places, without pleading

the fame. *	-

CHAP. LXV.

An AH for raifing the Sum of Twenty Thaufand Pounds upon (he Manors of Port Dun glee and Mount Charles, in the County of Donegal, the Eft ate of the Right Honourable . W'iltiam Conyngham, to be expended, together with another Sum of • 'Twenty Tboufand Pounds granted by Parliament, in promoting the Fijheries on the Weftern Coaft of the County of Donegal, in Manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the encouragement of the fifheries of Ireland would highly tend to promote the wealth and population of the kingdom, and would greatly inertafe the naval power of ^the empire : and whereas a petition hath teen prefeiited to the houfe of commons by the faid right honourable William Conyngham, fetting forth, " that great 44 fhoals of herrings, cod, ling, and hake annually refort to 44 the iflands of Arran and the Rofles, on the coaft of the 44 county Donegal, where near three hundred vefTels have 44 ufually aflembled. evpry year for many years paft for the 44 purpofe of curing the fifh: that fhoals of herrings make. €t their appearance in the greateft quantities during the win-4t ter months, and enter the feverai fmall bays and inlets which renders it neceflary to carry on the fifhery by fmall 44 boats : that, for want of a proper eftablifhment of refine-44 rie$ of fait, and {lores to depolit foreign fait, for want i4 of convenient buildings to cure the filb, and coopers to 44 prepare calks, no opportunity offers of curing the fifti i4 that refort thither at other feafons than in the months of 44 November, December, and January, when the vefTels on *4 bounty attend for that purpofe : that the neighbouring 44 country is little cultivated, and the houies of the inhabi-44 tants inefficient to give {helter to the merchants: that the failure of the Bntifh fifhery (on which five hundred u thoufand pounds has been expended) is acknowledged to 44 have been owing to the negleil of making a proper cltab-44 lifhment for the reception of perfons employed in that ** trade; contiguous to the feat of the fifhery, and without n which it Teems obvious, that in this kingdom this great

u naiiunal

607 A. D.

A publkkalL

Petition.

io,oooi. wu r ranted by Parliament this ref-lion*, for the e nco uragement of the nfheries, agreeable to laid petition.

The twenty-fifth Tear qf George III.

national feme of wealth arid ftrength caff amt ha brought to any great publish benefit: that the pcritooaar had already incurred a very eonfidetmbfc expeace in promoting this great national objed; but was unable to proceed* as it will require a fum far beyond the abilities of a private fortune to ereft the necefiary buildings &r the conveniency of rttetfcharfla rin<t Coopers for floret* fall " works* and quays, building docks* and eflablifhing dock M yards for the puipofe of building boats* making roads* <c bridges* and other need&ry Work* for ati eafp comniunj-“ cation along the'coaft : that die petitioner Wat aery fenfi-“ ble that eftabfifhing a fifhing town in the find (at preferit a little cultivated) trad of country muft bC of future ad* “ vantage to that part of the petitioner's eftate* which is at u prelent of the annua! value of one thoufand pounds, or “ thereabouts ; atad that hr Was willing to (acrince the in-“ come thereof in order to procure this great national ad' u vantage; arid that for the purpofe or furritfhing a fbflU “ dent capita], he was defirous that any fum fhouH be a raifed by way of mortgage, or otherWife 6h the find ** dlate* not exceeding twenty thoufand pounds, provided rt an equal fum ihoiild be granted by Parliament for the? rt pdrpofes aforefaid, to be expended under the dire&ions tx of, and with fuch fdtri&ions and regulations* as Parlia-“ merit* m tlieir great wifdom, fhould pteferibe* to be re-a gularly accounted for to ParliamentArid Whereas purfuant to the faid petition of the faid William Conyng-nairi, the funi of twenty thoufand pounds hab been granted by an a£t pafled this honfe' fri the prefent feffion of Pariia* merit, entitled. An a8for granting the fum of twenty thoufand pounds to the fpeaker of the ffoufe of Commons* the chancellor of the exchequer, the deputy1 vice-treafurer, the teller of the exchequer % the feniot comnujforter of bis Mayejly's revenue, tie right honourable Thomas Comity, and the right honourable Luke Gatdiner, or any four of them, for the fiutpofes therein mentioned, whereby it is enacted, that the fum of twenty thoufand pounds* pafrt of a fum of ninety five thoufand fix hundred pounds therein mentioned, be given to the fpeaker of the Houfe4 of Coriimons, the chancellor of the exchequer, the deputy vice-treafurer, the teller of the exchequer, the feriior commiflioner df his Majcfly's rfeveriue, the right honourable Thomas Conolly, and tkd right honourable Luke Gardiner* to be by them, of ariv four of them* applied for the encouragement of the fimeries of this kingdom, agreeable to the petition of the faid WtHkxh Conyng-ham (prefented to the fald Houfo of Commons as stare-faid) and to the liberal and publick fpirited propofal nude

thertis

Digitized ^y_

_ Google



The twenty-fifth Tc.tr of George III.

therein by him ; the faid fum of twenty thoufimd pounds to be paid by tin; vice-trea hirer or vice-treafurers, receiver ge-neral or receivers general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf: and whereas by the limitations of the manors of Mount Charles and ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Maghrimore, and the faid manor of Port Dnngioc, under HcnrvtarT the laft will and teftament of Henry earl of Cony ogham, Conyngham, bearing date the twenty fifth day of November, in the year , one thoufand feven hundred and leventy-feven, the faid William Conyngham, (who has no blue) is made tenant for life of the faid manors, with remainder to his firlt and other Tons, in tail male, with remainder to his elder brother Francis Pierpoint, now lord baron Conyngham for life, remainder to his cldeft fon Henry for life, remainder to \hc hud Henry’s firft and other Tons, in tail male, remainder to his brother Nathaniel William Burton, for life, with remainder to his firft and other Tons, in tail male, remainder to the third, and every other fon of the faid Francis Pierpoint, Lord -Conyngham, in tail male, remainder to Richard jonee, Efq; for life, and to his firft, and other Tons, in tail male ; remainder to Alexander Murray, (who has no iftue) for life, and to his firft, and other ions, in tail male; remainder to Alexander Conyngham, (who isfince dead without ilfue) and to his firft and other fons, in tail male, with rcvtrfion to the right heirs of the faid carl; and the faid William	William

Conyngham being but bare tenant for life, is not empowered Conyngham, i» to raiie any fum or fums of money for the improvement of •	life

the faid eftate, notwithftandiug the evident advantage that	the

mult arife in encouraging the population of fnch an extend- * a'tf* 'rcifl* cd tradl of country, the greateft part of which is improve-able ; and whereas all the perfons concerned in intertft under ajj t^c ^CJ.m the will of the faid earl Conyngham, being fatisfkd of the fon< roncerned great advantage that it will be not only to the publfck, but are fahsfied that to the faid eftate, and in particujar to the faid manors of p c Port Dnngloe, and Mount Charles, by greatly improving ^ ftamf * the fame, and encreafing the number of its inhabitants, and charged with being fenfible that the faid William Conyngham has expend- die payment of ed large fums of money in opening a road from LctCrkcnny, ^\ocol. . to the great feat of the fifhery at the Roffcs, and another	aW	U

road from Mount Charles to the fame, great part of which as herein, does not run thro’ the aforefaid manors, as likewife in creating feveral buildings and quays, for the purpofe of carrying on the filhery, by which the inheritance will receive the greateft advantage, yet being a prefent lofs to him, it is reasonable that he fhould be reimburfed out of the eftate, are willing and defirous that the faid manors of Port Dun-Vol. VII.	gloe.

recitil of

77* tiventy-ffih Tear of George III.

glor, and Mount Charles, (hall (land charged and iocnnV bered with tire payment of tlte fum of twenty thouhnd pounds ftcrling, and the lawful intereft thereof, for the laudable purpofes aforefaid, and therefore the (aid Fran is Pinpoint, lord baron Conyngham, Henry Burton, and Nathaniel Williaid Burton, the only fans of the faid lord baron Conyngham, (minors of the age of eighteen yearsx>r thereabouts, by their father and guardian to the faid Franck Picrpoint, lord baron Conyngham,) Richard Jones, efquiie, and Roger Jones, efqoire, his eldeft fon and heir apparent, and Alexander Murray, efquire, who are the only perfons in leverfion and remainder of and in th: faid manors, ha^t petitioned the houfe of commons to the effect aforefaid, and exprdled their defire that an aft of Parliament fhould pafs, by which the faid manors of Port Dungloe, and Mount Charles, in the' co'unty of Donegal, and all meiuiage*, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, within the faid manors, and now in the feifin and pofleffion of the faid William Conyngham, under the will of the faid earl Conynghim, fliould (land charged and chargeable with, and liable to the payment of the faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds, and the lawful intereft thereof, and that the fame fhould be raifed and paid to and for the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes, as the faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds fo granted by Parliament as aforefaid, is to be laid out, paid, applied, difourfed, and difpofed of: but (tho* it is manifeft that the inducing the faid charge upon the faid manors, wHi be of exceeding great advantage, and will abundantly increafe the annual value of the faid manors, and all other the manors, lands, and tenements in the faid county of Donegal, formerlythc ellate of the faid earl, to every per fon in poflefiion, remainder, and reverfion thereto) yet the fame cannot be effeded, though all perfons interefted concur in defiling ir, but br the aid of Parliament: therefore, in ordir to cany’ into full and immediate execution the beneficial purpofes aforefaid, and that the publick may reap the advantage of the liberal and fpirited propofal of the laid William Conyngham, and at the inftance, and upon the petition of the feveral perfons following, prefented to the houfe of commons as aforefaid, that is to fay, of the faid William Conyngham, (who has no iflue)’ of the faid Francis Pierpoint, lord baron Coning* ham, who is nephew and heir at law of the faid Henry, earl Conyngham, Henry Burton, and Nathaniel William Burton, the only fons of the faid lord baron Conyngham, minors of the age of eighteen years, or thereabouts, and are unmarried, by their father and guardian the faid Francis Fierpoin-t, lord baron Conyngham, of the (aid Richard

Jones,

Digitized by

Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	611

Jones, and Roger Jones, efquire, his eldell foil and heir apparent, and of the faid Alexander Murray, who has no iliac :

“be it enabled by the King's moft excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prelent Parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid manors, or reputed manors of Port Dungloc, and Mount Charles in the county of Donegal, and all mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, within the faid manors, or reputed manors, and nojv in the feifin and policllion of the faid William Conyngham* under the will of the faid earl Conyngham, fhall from henceforth Hand charged and chargeable with, and fubjefl and liable to the payment of the faid fum of twenty tboufand pounds, and the lawful interelt thereof, and to be raifed and paid, and take place of all charges, limitations and eftates whutloetcr, given or granted by the will of the faid earl Conyngham, in the manner herein after mentioned, any thing in the faid will of the faid earl Conyngham, to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

II, And be it further ena&td by the authority afore-faid. That the faid manors, or reputed manors of Port arc,nthc D unglue and Mount Charles, together with all the lands, ^ tenements, and hereditaments therein, fituate, lying and being in the faid county of Donegal, which were the eftate of inheritance and freehold of the faid Henry carl Convng-hatn, at the time of his deceafe, fhall be, and are hereby yelled in the right honourable Edmond Scxten Perv, fpcaker of thehoufeof commons, the right honou: able John Foitcr, phancellor of the exchequer, the right honourable Henry Theophilus Clements, the deputy vice trcijfurer of Ireland, the faid William Conyngham, the teller of hrs majeily's exchequer, the right honourable John Benoford, fenior commiflioner of his majefty's revenue in Ireland, the right honourable 'Jrtomas Conolly, and the right honourable Luke Gardiner, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the executors, adminiilrators and afligns of fuch furviyor, for and during the full time and term of one thousand years from henceforth next enfuing, fully to he compleated and ended, upon trull nevertheleis, and to and for the fevcral ufes, intents and purpofes herein after mentioned, exprefTcd, and declared, of ar»d concerning the fame, that is to fay, that they the faid crullees, or the furvivors or furvivor of litem, or any three or more of them, or two or one of £hcm (the others of them b.\ng dead) or the executors, adminiilrators, or affigns, of the furvivor of them, may and fliall filter by demife, fale, or mortgage of the faid manor*,

Q_q 2	towns^

Sai l manori

Digitized by Google ■L- r'

612

The twenty Ji^b Tear cf George III.

A. D.

1785. Chap. 65.

No part of

the lauiK, \c. her c 111 mentioned, ikdt he mertu-v.t (1 or old tor railing laid ium, &c.

towns, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or a competent part thereof for all or a«.y part of the faid term, or by ftich other ways or means as they and the furrivors or furvivor of them, or any three or them, or the executors, adminrilra-tors, or afiigns of the furvivor of them In all think ft, as footi as conveniently may be, from time to time, raife, levy, and borrow, or take up at intereft the faid lum of twenty thoufand pounds, to be horn time to time paid, applied, and difooled of, to and for the fame ufes, intents, and pur-pofts, by the lame perlons, and in the fame manner as the faid ium of twenty ! hull fund pounds fo granted by PariL-me it as aforcfuid, is to be laid out,- paid, applied, dilburfcd and d’fpuftxl 0!, together with all fnch colls, charges, and expencci as Lull attend, or be cccafioned by the execution of the trails afuvLaid.

III. lhovidvd alwayr.. That fnch part of the faid townt, lands, tenements, and hereditaments comprized in the fa'd term of one r.Jn>ufai;d years, as the faid lums of twenty thoufand pounds, u:id twenty thouland pounds, or any psr: thereof, (hall he Lid: out r.nd expended in the building of redneries for Lit, or iLre houfes to depofjt foreign Lit in, or in making buy other buildings, flore-houfes, or works theieon h r carrying on, promoting, and extending the fila-crits nfort Iaid, ft:all not be mortgaged or fold fo: raihng the faid ium v f twenty ihomr-nd pounds or any part or parts tiicreel, herein and hereby charged upon the faid manor?,

• lands, 11-. 1 * irer.tr, aid hereditaments as aforefaid, anything Kuin continued to the contrary nctwitb (landing : and up>n tie’s further 1 rv:b. t! at they t!«e laid triplets, and the lorvi-\( is a."id ini'Mv,.r v : them, and ihc executors, adminilfrator^ ai d ; .7.n.ns of fuch furvivor ihall, and do permit and fuller fich per fon ri;d pci Ions as for the time being fb.all he entile d under the u ill of the Lid earl Conyngham to the freehold of the faid prcmillcf, expectant upon the faid teim to receive and take il.e reddue and overplus of the rents, blue?, aid pro ills of the hid pu mikes, over and above fo much thereof, a: fi all be fiom time to time fufficient lo pny, fa-tibfy, aid diichaigr the nits and purpofes herein before declared, limited, and appointed, cf and concerning the fame term ; and hem and immediately after the icveial tinfls herein before declared concerning the faid term of one thomand years, and the flt'fts, charge s, and expencts attending the fame, or t be occafioncd by the due execution ci the fame, fl.rdl be fully fat is bed and performed, then and at all tin es fiom thcnceicrth, th.e Lid turn of one thenfand years,'•<7 and in the faid premilks,' or fo much thereof as fhali remain urdcld arid unci: Doled of for the purpofes afore-^	faid,

*

poogle

The twenty-fifth Tear of George III.	613

fa!J, (lull ceafe, determine, and be utterly null and void, to A. D. * ail intents and purpofes, any thing herein contained to the T785. contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandmg.	Chap.	65.

IV.	Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truftees to pay out of the faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds fo to be raifed out of the faid manors, fuch ^ocol ^uch* Pirns as the faid William Conyngham (hall expend in eredlihg iu^L, 3, CXpend-the neceiTary buildings, quays, (lores, and in making roads c«i in rrcainjj necefl'ary for promoting the faid fHheries, and for compleat-

ing the faid road from Letterkenny, though not actually ia^s> lying within any of the faid manors.

V.	And Le it further enacted by the authority 2fore- The receipts faid, That the receift or receipts of the faid trullees, or of ary

uny three of them, fo long as three of them (hall be living, ^to ^ur-^" or of the furvivors or furvivor of them, his executors, or chaltr, adminiilrators, endorfed on any deed or deeds of Tale, mort- as herein, gage or mortgages, of the faid manors of Pott Dungloe and Mount Charles, and the faid towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifiVs, or any part or parcel thereof, (hall be good and fufficient receipts and difeharges' to the purchafer and purchafers, mortgagee or mortgagees for ail fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be paid to the faid trullces, or any three of them, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, his executors or adminiilrators, and fuch purchafer and purchafers, mortgagee and mortgagees, leflee or leffees (hall not be accountable for the application cf the money fo by him or them paid on fuchpurchafe or purchaies, mortgage or mortgages, derrife or derr.ifes; and that every fuch file and tales, mortgage and mortgages, as (hall be made for the purpofes aforelaid by the faid truftees, or any three of themj or the furvivers or furvivor of them, his executors or adminiftraters of all or any cf the (aid mam is of Port D unglue and Mount Charles, and the faid lev oral towns, lends, tenements, hereditaments, and premiffes, or any pait thereof, fhcli be good, valid, and efftdlual in the law to all interns and purpofes whntfocvir, again (I all per-(ons whatfuLver claiming or to claim b~, from, or i«ndet the faid will of the faid Henry earl Ccnyngham, and that fuch purchafer and purchafers, mortgagee and mertgap w, Ids, her, and their heirs, executors, adrni\iftraters, and clu^ns refuelively, (hall hold and enjoy the laid piemiHes, vhich (hall be fo convey id or mortgaged to birr, her, or th m re* jpeuivcly, freed and difchaiged of end from all and tseiy the ufc;, 11 nitu, remainders, rev-ruong, limiirttion^, e.rl charges whatlbcver i:i ti e hn 1 will of the hi:d Henry <*:

Conyngham contained, ;md 11:rtt th- h id ;n;f»ees or am , f them, their or any of their e:;teu:ji:, adminidratcrw or

Digitized by

The twenty-fifth Year of George IIL

alfign*, (hall not be anfwerable for the a£b, receipts, or defaults of the others or other of them, but each of then* for his own a6ts, receipts and defaults only, nor shall they or .any of them be anfwerable for any further or other fum or furas of money, than what he or they (hail refpe&ivtly and actually receive, or for any lofs but fuch as IhaU or may happen by his or their wilful default.

TTodlfaidftiin	V (. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That in the mean time, and until the whole of the faid fum of the faid roa- of twenty thoufand pounds (hall be raifed by the means dor, fhall aforefaid, or fome of them, that the rents, ifiucs, and probe received by fits of the faid manor and lands of Port Dungloe, and every fud tm c*. part thereof, (hall be received by, . nd paid to the faid trultees, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the executors and ad m ini ft ra tors of fuch furvivor, and (hall be by them applied in the fame manner, and to tlse fame ufe# and purpofes, and to be accounted for in the Irke manner as is herein directed of and concerning the faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds; and that credit (ball be given out of the faid fum of twenty thoufand pounds for all the rents fo applied.

Ftiebpamof - VII. Apd be it further enabled by the authority afore-^ ^dt a^'	Part	ant*	Pa,ts	the faid nianors of

(bail be	^ort fhwgloe 2nd Mount Charles, and the lands, tenements,

to the provitocs hereditaments, and premifTes ccrr.prifed in the faid term of of htd will. onc thoufand years as aforefaid, as (hall remain unfold and un-difpoild of for tbe purpofes of carrying this prefent ad. into execution, /hall be and remain to and for luch and the fame ufes, and under and fubjeCt to fuch provifoes, limitations, and agreements ; and with and fubjett to the fame powers as they would have been fubjtCf to in and by the laid will of the faid carj Cptiyngham, in cafe this a& had never been made, any thingliefein contained to the contrary thcrcoi in any wift notwithftapding,

Sikl fum* fbvTl VIII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Yf	^	*n uic^er to S’vc efficacy and expedition to lo ufeful and great

tiv^hlrn °or a puhlick undertaking, the faid truftees to whom the faid ihcfVTPm fci7cd f un of twenty thoufand pounds was grants by Parliament as aforefaid, er any four of them, are hereby authorized ard empowered to hand or pay over the fame, and alfo the laid fum of twenty thoufand pounds, to be raifed on the laid manors of Pojt Dungloe and Mount Charles, as the fame (hall be received, to the faid AVilliaip Ccnyngham, or the perfon who fhall for the time being be ftized in iM>{ic(Iion cf the laid manors, by virtue of the hit \> ill of the laid Henry earl Conyngham, to be expended on fuch works, and iii fueh manner as the faid truftees, or any three of them, of the furvivors or furvivor of them fhall, by writing, to*b< 4	*	filled

in ptrfTcffion of Jjld minors, to be cx-J*n«fcd as tlie txuficis due4.

Sums rcctiT*

The twenty-fifth Year of George III.

ligned by him or them, diredk or appoint for the purpofes aforefaid.

IX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That the faid William Conyngham, and the pcrfon for the time being who (hall be in pofleffion of the faid manors, and fhall receive any part of faid fums of twenty thoufand ^^dfor pounds and twenty thoufand pounds, or the rents of the CVciyycar, faid lands, for the purpofes aforefaid, or the agent or agents as hema. to be appointed by the faid trudees, or any four of them, who are hereby empowered to appoint faid agent or agents,

Jhall every year account for the fums fo by them refpec-tively to be received, before his Majefty’s commiflioners of impreft accounts, as publick money is ufually accounted for.

X.	Provided^ always, and be it ena&ed by the authority pcribnsfciiecl aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid of laid lands, William Conyngham, or the perfon for the time being feized &c. may make of the faid lands and premilles under the will of the faid

lord Conyngham, with the confent of the faid truftces, or any three of them, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, to make fuch leafes of the faid premifles, or any part thereof, remaining unfold, or unmortgaged, or not demifed for the purpofes aforefaid, as he or they are enabled to make by the will of the faid Henry lord Conyngham, and in like manner, and not otherwife.

XI.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid,' Apublkka&, That' this ait fhall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all

courts within this kingdom, as a publick a61, and all judges are hereby required as fuch to take notice thereof, without fpecially pleading the fame: faving neVerthelefs to the King’s mod excellent Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their refpe&ive heirs, fucceflors, executors, and adminiftra-tors, (other than and except all and every perfon or perfons what foe ver, and their iflue male, heirs, executors, or adminiltratorr, claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under the faid laft will and teftament of the faid Henry earl Conyngham) all fuch right, title, cflate, and intcreft, both Ih law and equity, as they, or any of them had, could, might, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of all or any of the faid manors, mefluages, towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premilfes as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if this ait had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

The End or the SEVENTH VOLUME

