THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND:

FROM

The Third Year of Edward the Second, A.D. 1310.

TO THE

Fortieth Year of George the Third, A.D. 1800. inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

TWENTIETH VOLUME.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. Mdccci.

THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XX.

CONTAINING All the Statutes that have passed in the Fortieth Year of George the Third.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. Mdccci.

THE

CONTENTS

OF THE

TWENTIETH VOLUME:

The fortieth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

AN Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia under certain Restrictions, and for amending the Law relative to the Militia of Ireland. Page 1

CHAP. II.

An Act to revive, with Amendments, an Act passed last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still unhappily exists within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same. 12

CHAP. III.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest and Charges upon the principal Sums therein provided for, and towards Discharge of such principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of his Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein-mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, and for other Purposes. Page 13

CHAP. IV.

An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 40

CHAP. V.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law. 137

CHAP. VI.

An Act to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom, for a limited Time. 338

CHAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. Page 140

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom. 176

CHAP. IX.

An Act for the better Collection of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned and dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue therein. 191

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. 207

CHAP. XI.

An Act to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending the several Acts for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom. 284

CHAP. XII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand eight hundred. Page 284

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America. 291

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging to Dealers in and Sellers of such Wines on the twenty-fifth of March, One thousand eight hundred, and for securing certain Duties of Excise thereon, and for granting to his Majesty a further Duty on Rum imported, and certain Duties on the Exportation of certain Goods to the British Plantations in America and the West Indies, in Lieu of all other Duties. 292

CHAP. XV.

An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served, or are serving in Foreign Armies, and for continuing another Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making and removing, selling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without License. 302

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. Page 303

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture. 319

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government. ibid.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act, to enact that Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of England in the Eighth Year of Richard the Second, shall not continue to be of Force in this Kingdom, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding. 321

CHAP. XX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom. 322

CHAP. XXI.

An Act for the Relief of uncertified Bankrupts. Page 330

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for the Relief of Bankers who have stopped, or who shall stop Payment, and who have or shall conform to the Directions of the Act of Parliament of the thirty-third of George the Second, called the Banker’s Act. 334

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to quiet and bar all Claims of Tythe Agistment for dry and barren Cattle. 338

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for more effectually preventing the burning of Land. ibid.

CHAP. XXV.

An Act for granting an additional Duty on refined Sugars imported into this Kingdom. 339

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable the Barrack-Master-General to carry into Execution an Agreement lately made with the Trustees of the Ulster White Linen Hall, near Newry, for the Sale of their Interest therein, and for vesting the same in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. 340

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland. Page 344

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act for amending an Act passed this Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to prohibit the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom. 347

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons to serve in the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament. 349

CHAP. XXX.

An Act further to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imported at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same, and also to repeal and amend Part of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same. 359

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland; and for granting to the said Society the further Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds for the Purposes therein mentioned. Page 361

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for the better governing and managing the Infirmary of the County of Clare. 363

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 365

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, in Respect to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall cease to send any Member to Parliament after the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in Value. 376

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estates, situate in the Counties of Meath and Longford, which belonged to Thomas Charleton, late of Curratown, in the County of Meath, Esq. deceased, and for making them a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the charitable Purposes and Intentions of the Will of the said Thomas Charleton, and for other Purposes. Page 381

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts heretofore passed in this Kingdom, for the true making of Woollen Cloth, called and known by the Name of Old Drapery. 389

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, and improving the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages within the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, and for removing and preventing all Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and also for establishing and maintaining a nightly Watch throughout the said Town and Precincts thereof, and for other Purposes. 402

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. 448

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more speedy Correction of Erroneous Judgments given in the Courts of Law in this Kingdom. Page 487

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the House of Industry, established for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin. 490

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Lough Foyle, at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof and for certain Regulations relative to said City. 495

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for the Relief of confined Debtors who may be insolvent. 505

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and for repealing an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes which are mentioned to be continued by this Act. 525

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act to prevent Persons from returning to his Majesty's Dominions who have been or shall be transported, banished, or exiled on Account of Rebellion. Page 610

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty Excise Duties on Foreign Wines in his Majesty's Stores, or in the Stores or Warehouses of Dealers in, or Retailers of Wine, at the Time therein mentioned, and for granting further Duties on Spirits distillled, and on Sweets or made Wines made in Ireland. 611.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for confirming the several Grants made by her late Majesty of the First Fruits and Twentieth Parts, payable out of the Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom, and also for giving the Archbishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons Four Years Time for the Payment of First Fruits, and for incorporating the Trustees and Commissioners of the said First Fruits. 613

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two several Acts, one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and the other Act passed in the Thirty second Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious. 614

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for amending the Road from Dublin to Knocksedan, in the County of Dublin. Page 638

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend and continue two several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects as have suffered in their Property during the late Rebellion, and the other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and for authorising the Payment of Sums therein mentioned to Persons who have suffered in their Persons, and to the Widows and Orphans of others who lost their Lives in said Rebellion, and to Persons who exerted themselves in discovering the late Rebellion, and been exposed to Danger, or sustained Injury in Consequence thereof. 640

CHAP. L.

An Act for granting certain Annuities to the Officers and Attendants of both Houses of Parliament, whose Offices and Attendance shall cease after the Union, or whose Offices shall be diminished in Value thereby. 650

CHAP. LI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorising the raising of the said Sum by Loan. 657

CHAP. LII.

An Act to regulate the Collection of the Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in Respect of Fire Hearths, Coaches and other Carriages, and of Male Servants, and on Dwelling-houses inhabited, according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein respectively, and to secure the due Payment thereof. Page 670

CHAP. LIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Annuities to the Right Honourable John Monck Mason, and to the Earls of Athlone and Roscommon, and to the Lord Baron Aylmer, in Manner therein mentioned. 693

CHAP. LIV.

An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Reer, Cider, and spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of spirituous Liquors. 697

CHAP. LV.

An Act to encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar for a limited Time. 699

CHAP. LVI.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits; and one other Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on his Majesty's Revenue by Reftifiers of Spirits. Page 702

CHAP. LVII.

An Act to amend and continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for collecting and securing his Majesty's Revenue upon Malt. 703

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts passed in this Session of Parliament, one Entitled, An Act to prohibit the making of Malt and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom, for a limited Time, and the other for amending the said Act. 707

CHAP. LIX.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. 708

CHAP. LX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Supply out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied to the Purposes therein mentioned, and for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned. 722

CHAP. LXI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making wide and convenient Ways, Streets and Passages in the City of Dublin, and for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them. Page 738

CHAP. LXII.

An Act for amending and making perpetual the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the District of the Metropolis, and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers. 743

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of, and securing the Duties payable on Licenses to Persons engaged in the several Trades therein mentioned, and to Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Duties on playing Cards, and for securing the Expences of distraining for the King’s Rents, and for other Purposes. 752

CHAP. LXIV.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, Entitled, An Act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, passed in the last Session of Parliament. 772

CHAP. LXV.

An Act for incorporating the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan House on the Circular Road near Dublin. Page 773

CHAP. LXVI.

An Act for incorporating the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion. 778

CHAP. LXVII.

An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits. 782

CHAP. LXVIII.

An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in, or Retailers of such Goods. 815

CHAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Master of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court of Prerogative, the judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and Assisstant Barristers of the several other Counties, on the Resignation of their respective Offices, and to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty,

Entitled, An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron, and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom. Page 828

CHAP. LXX.

An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, which have been growing due for Twenty Years before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the Terms and in Manner therein mentioned. 836

CHAP. LXXI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Thirty- seventh Year of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to prevent vexatious impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage Feasant, and for the effectual preserving of Meares and Fences. 840

CHAP. LXXII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, in the Courts of King’s bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, during Term, and in the Sittings after Term. 846

CHAP. LXXIII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, as impedes an additional Rate or Tax of two Shillings for each Foot of Ground, Part of the South Lots on the Front of Sir John Rugerson’s Quay, in said Act specified. Page 849

CHAP. LXXIV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws now in Force for making and keeping in Repair a Circular Road round the City of Dublin. 851

CHAP. LXXV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty, King George the Third, Entitled, An Act for the better Discovery of charitable Donations and Bequests. 858

CHAP. LXXVI.

An Act for amending and continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein. 860

CHAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable, upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco. 866

CHAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to revive and continue the several Laws relating to the curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom. Page 867

CHAP. LXXIX.

An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform, their Quarantine, and to prevent the Plague and other infectious Distempers being brought into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of Infection. 873

CHAP. LXXX.

An Act to explain, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, and to explain.and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of said Reign, Entitled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 886

CHAP. LXXXI.

An Act to enable all Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars, and Curates, and impropriators, and those deriving by, from, or under them, to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, against such Persons as were liable to the same. 890

CHAP. LXXXII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of building and improving on Glebe Lands. 900

CHAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to facilltate the building and re-building of Churches and Chapels. Page 903

CHAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom; and also for repealing an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom, and also for extending and enlarging the Powers of the President and Fellows of the King and Queen's College of Physicians, and establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom. 904

CHAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the better Government of the Seminary established at Maynooth, for the Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for amending the Laws now in Force respecting the said Seminary. 923

CHAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and Securing the Duties payable thereon. 928

CHAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to continue and amend two several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions and on Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings, and other Uses. Page 929

CHAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act for Repair of the public Roads, and to revive and explain an Act for holding Vestries in the Province of Ulster, and for empowering the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, to reduce the Expence of the Police Establishment. 930

CHAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the public Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriffs and other Officers to make the Returns therein specified. 932

CHAP. XC.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Cotton Manufacture, by enabling Tenants for Life to make Leases for Scites of Mills. 935

CHAP. XCI.

An Act to empower the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Militia of this Kingdom to continue in the Service such Men as shall be entitled to their Discharge before the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and as shall be willing to re-enlist before their Time of Service shall expire. Page 937

CHAP. XCII.

An Act for amending an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in Ireland. 940

CHAP. XCIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road commonly called or known by the Name of the Military Road, beginning at the County and City Court-Houses in the City of Waterford, and leading from thence to the Town of Tallagh, in the County of Waterford, through the Towns of Kilmacthomas, Cappoquin and Lismore, and from Tallagh aforesaid, to the Bounds of the County of Cork. 941

CHAP. XCIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and reduce into one Act, the several Laws for making, improving, and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen-Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone Westward of the said Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of the Act for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Improvement of the Road from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork. Page 943

CHAP. XCV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend, and reduce into one Act, the several Laws for making, repairing, or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas to the Towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the Town of Maryborough to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh to O’Brien’s-Bridge, and to enable Grand Juries to present Sums to recompence the Proprietors through whose Lands new Lines of Road have been run. 944

CHAP. XCVI.

An Act to revive, amend, continue, or make perpetual certain Temporary Statutes. 96

CHAP. XCVII.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the Commons, Commonable, and Waste Lands of Dromiskin, within the Parish of Dromiskin, in the County of Louth. 951

CHAP. XCVIII.

An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from Tubber, near the Bounds of the Counties of Clare and Galway, to Ennis, in the County of Clare, and from thence to Thomond-Gate, in the County of the City of Limerick. Page 970

CHAP. XCIX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, for establishing a nightly Watch in said Town, for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof. 986

CHAP. C.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, and the Liberties thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said City in the other Matters therein mentioned, and in Respect to Lighters and Vessels plying for Hire, and also respecting Sedan Chairs, Coaches, and Chaises plying for Hire, within the City and Liberties of the City of Cork. 1010

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES.

The Fortieth Year of GEORGE III.

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. I.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia under certain Restrictions, and for amending the Law relative to the Militia of Ireland.

Monday the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it would be highly beneficial to the public service, that a proportion of the militia of this kingdom, not exceeding ten thousand and forty-one men, should be permitted to enter into the regiments of the line for the purpose of encreasing the disposeable force of the empire, and that substitutes should be raised without any fresh charge upon the counties, to supply the places of militia-men so enlisted; may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament

2 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

assembled, and by the authority of the same,

---

[His Majesty may direct Regiments of the Line to receive Volunteers from Militia, as herein after directed.]

i Sco. Chap. i.

That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by any order signified by his excellency the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or the lords m^'diVea jufices for time being, or his or their principal secretary, Regiinents of to order and direct any regiments of the line as his Majesty «cete"vo" flia'll name and appoint, to receive volunteers from the Mili-tallTiia5as°m tia under this act, out of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia named in any such order; and it shall be lawful for any private militia-man to enlist under this act in the manner, and subject to the regulations herein after mentioned, into any such regiment of the line of his Majesty's regular forces, as his Majesty shall hereafter by any such order as aforesaid, from time to time, name and appoint to receive volunteers from the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia to which any such private man shall at the time of such en-lifting under this act belong.

II. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall be enlisted under this act to serve in any regiment or corps of the line of his Majesty's regular forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall make his election, and be enlisted either for general service, or to serve for five years, or during the continuance of this present war, and for six months after the expiration thereof, and no longer, in which latter case he shall not be liable to be sent, or serve out of Europe, or to enlist for general service, without restriction as to time or place.

III. And be it enacted, That every militia-man who shall be enlisted so serve for five years, and during the continuance of the war, and for six months after the expiration thereof, shall, in addition to the usual and accustomed oath, to be taken by every person entitling as a soldier in his Majesty's forces, take the following oath (that is to say):

Oath to be /, A.B. do fncerely promise and Jiuear, that I will be faith-

miiitia-'man fuland bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George; and Ido fi«yra»or linear. that I will faithfully serve in the regiment of the war'"aml within any part of Europe, during

for six months the term offive years, or for the continuance of the war, and for six months after the expiration thereof, un/fs 1 fall be sooner discharged.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall be enlisted to serve in any regiment or corps of his Majesty’s

regular

Persons who enlist under tin’s aft shall make their election as to time <»f service*

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

regular forces, so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall serve

in the regiment or corps in which he shall originally have en-

lifted to serve, and in no other regiment or corps whatever

and no person enliiling in any such regiment or corps, shall

on any account or pretence whatsoever, be drafted into, or fonrein ftch

serve in any other regiment or corps, whether such person shall only!Ti.Mi

consent to his being so drafted or not, unless in every such

l Iromougt-

case the person so consenting to serve in any other regiment nalregiments, or corps other than the one for which he shall have so enlisted as aforesaid, shall have been first wholly and absolutely discharged from all service whatever in his Majesty's forces, and shall thereafter have voluntarily entered into such other regiment or corps.

V. And be it further enacted, That every person enlisted to serve in his Majesty's regular forces under this act, for y«re, See.

shall get 8

the space of five years, or during the continuance of the war, gubiMsboun.

and for six months after the expiration thereof, shall be enti- t>-'

tied to the sum of eight guineas as a bounty; and every person enlisted for general service as aforesaid, shall be entitled oMdfor

to the sum of twelve guineas as a bounty, which said several vice!*

bounties shall be paid in manner herein after directed; and it

shall be lawful for the justice of the peace, or magistrate be- ^idllg'rnch

fore whom any such person so enlisted as aforesaid shall be may J 1 dirrct one-

attested, to direct any sum not exceeding one-third part of thirdofboim-

the said respective bounties of eight guineas and of twelve guineas, to be paid to such militia-man forthwith, or to be advanced to such person, or to such of his family, and in such proportions as he shall request at the time of his being so attested; and also to direct any further sum not exceeding the guinea to sum of one guinea, to be paid thereout, to the officer produ-cing such person to be attested, to be laid out in providing ‘""["jjFjr' immediate neceslarics for such person so attested; and the justice of the peace or magistrate directing the payment of any Magiltnttc. such money, shall grant a certificate thereof to the officer um’ producing such person to be attested as aforesaid, and the remainder of such bounty shall be paid to such person as soon bounty to be as he shall arrive at the head quarters in Ireland, of the regi- ^ters'^ mentor corps into which he shall have enlisted as aforesaid, if such regiment or corps shall then be in Ireland, or at such quarters as the lord lieutenant, or the lords justices for the time being shall appoint, in which such militia men may have enlisted, if such regiment should not be then actually in Ireland.

Commanding officers of militia ill all explain the terms to privates, within j month after receiving di-reftiuns.

Com. officers of militia Null (Jifeharge privates who declare foren-lifting into regular icgi-ments, and they Hull immediately be* loijg to such reg. &c. See.

Militia of-/jct-ts rtrom-mcjidfd bjp colonels of militia shall be appointed ctifigns in regiments of

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of any county, part of a county or place aforesaid, shall, upon receiving his Majesty's directions, signified as aforesaid for that purpose, explain to the private men of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of which he shall for the time being have the command, in such manner, and at all such times within one month from the time of his first receiving such directions as his Majesty shall direct, the terms upon which any private man serving in the militia may enlist into the regular forces under this act; and if upon the terms of such enlisting being explained or made known to them as aforesaid, any private militia-man shall voluntarily declare an intention to be enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces, it shall be lawful for such colonel or commanding officer of militia as aforesaid, and every such colonel or commanding officer :is hereby required to discharge such person from the militia, and every such private militia man so discharged as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon belong as a private man to the regiment or corps into which he shall declare his intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such regiment or corps in due course of law, and shall as soon as conveniently may be, be transferred to some officer of such regiment or corps, or such officer as his Majesty may have appointed to receive men enlisted under this act, and shall have and be entitled to the allowance of the bbunty of eight guineas or twelve guineas, in the manner herein mentioned, together with Tubfistence pay and clothing, to be paid and furnished’in like manner in every respect, and subject to, and under the like laws, rules and regulations, as are provided and used for the regiment or corps of his Majesty's regular forces into which lie shall have enlisted, except such laws, rules, and regulations, as are with respect to such men altered by this act, any law or statute to the contrary thereof not with-Handing.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any number of private militia men, not less than forty men, shall be desirous Of enlisting into any regiment of the line, so named as aforesaid, for general service, or any number not less than sixty men, shall be desirous of enlisting into any regiment of 7 the

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the line, so named as aforesaid, !o serve for five years, or daring the continuance of the war, and for six months after the determination thereof, and his Majesty shall have signified his intention of granting commissions in his Majesty's regular forces to any officer or officers, actually serving in the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, from which such men shall volunteer to serve as aforesaid, in his Majesty's regular forces as ensigns, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the colonel, or commanding officer of such militia regiment or battalion, to recommend to his Majesty such officer or officers of his said regiment as shall be desirous of going or serving along with the men so enlisted, at the rate of one officer for every forty men so enlisting for general service, and at the rate of one officer for every sixty men who shall enlist for five years, or during the continuance of the war. or for six months after the determination thereof, which said officer or officers so recommended, shall thereupon be appointed ensigns in his Majesty's regular forces.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if forty men from one regiment of militia shall voluntarily enlist to serve in the fame regiment of the line for general service, then and in that case the officer so recommended for cr.sign as aforesaid, shall be appointed to an enfigney in the fame regiment of the line into which the said forty men shall have been so enlisted, and so for every forty men who shall so enlist in one and the fame regiment of militia, one ensign shall in like manner be appointed in such regiment, and in like manner if sixty men from the same regiment of militia shall enlist in the fame regiment of the line to serve for five years, or during the continuance of the war, and for six months after the termination thereof, one ensign shall on the recommendation of the colonel as aforesaid, be appointed to serve in the fame regiment into which the said sixty men shall have so enlisted, and so in the proportion of one ensign for every sixty men who shall then enlist in the fame regiment to serve as aforesaid.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no militia-man shall be entitled to enlist under this act, who shall be in confinement under any sentence of any court-martial, or who shall be under confinement with a

A.D. 1800. Chap. 1.

line, ftt the vjie of 1 to 40 men cq« luted for jrc-nenl service, and 1 to 60 entitled for 5 years, &c*

he appointed for fame us pvntTiU vm\\ privates, at rate of 1 to 4 3, and of 1 to 60.

Militia-mrn herein defended ih&U

not be entitled

under ibn

a A,

Miificianj, armourers, feriiai t«, coiporai or Huj/nmers not to enlist without consent of --colyiicJir.

The Fortieth Year of Gecrje III.

view to be tried by any court-martial, until he shall have fullered the sentence of fnth court-martial, and that no militia-man shall be entitled to his discharge, or to enlist under this act, who shall have been in confinement, or who shall have been sentenced to any punishment by any

court-martial for any offence committed between the twenty-fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the time of his so offering to enlist, unless hc'shall obtain the consent of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia in which he shall be serving at the time of his being ' desirous of cr,lifting as aforesaid.

X. Provided alfn, and be it further enacted, That no person serving in the militia, who shall be- ufttally employed as a musician in the band of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an armourer, or shall be serjeant, corporal, or drummer in any fuel) regiment, battalion, or corps, shall be entitled to his discharge, or to enlist into his Majesty's regular forces under this act, unless he draft obtain the consent of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia in which he shall be then serv-

Comm-mi-

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it mjji.ffia.'is of a»d n)ay be lawful for the colonel or commanding:

militia may J , ®

refuse to officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, to re-

vimr.^Sn Jr- fuse to discharge any private militia-man, who shall desire lims'topcn' h's discharge for the purpose of enlistirrg under this act, in-off.oraiij. l0 hJs Majesty's regular forces, upon-assigning in writing to the general officer commanding in the district within which such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, shall be quar-'tered, or to the adjutant general -of his Majesty's forces, where there shall not be any such general officer as aforesaid, the cause for such his refufuh , ,

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if

rcrlons

wtw n-fufeto any such person discharged from the militia, for the purpose !mttide*- of being enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces under this w’aw&kKd a<-l> fiall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to any de-as Iwlmining daration of being delimits to enlist so made by him as

tumiluia,

tiouvUhstand. aforesaid, that then and in every such case, such person charts". II)all continue to belong to the regiment, battalion, or corps

of

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

oT miiitva, from which he shall have been so di fenarged, for the purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any Uich discharge.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further ensiled. That nothing in this ail contained shall authorize any colonel or commanding officer, as aforesaid, to discharge, or cause to be discharged, under any of the provisions of this ail, any greater number of such men of the said militia regiment, or battalion of which he is colonel or commanding officer, than according to the rules herein after mentioned for the several regiments or battalions of militia within this kingdom; that is to say, for the Antrim regiment of militia, three hundred and forty-four; for the Armagh regiment ttVO hundred and thirty-two; for the Carlow battalion two hundred and fifteen; for the Cavan battalion one hundred and seventy-four; for the Clare battalion one hundred and fe-venty-four; for the Cork North regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for the Cork South regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for the Cork City regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for the Donegal regiment two hundred and ninety; for the Down regiment three hundred and forty-eight; for the Dublin County battalion two hundred and fifty-eight; for the Dublin City regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for the Fermanagh battalion two hundred and fifty-eight; for the Galway regiment two hundred and ninety; for the Kerry regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for the Kildare battalion two hundred and fifteen; for the Kilkenny regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for tile King’s County regiment three hundred and forty-four; for the Leitrim battalion two hundred and fifty-eight; for the Limerick County regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for the Limerick City battalion one hundred and seventy-four; for the Londonderry regiment two hundred and ninety; for the Longford battalion two hundred and fifty-eight; for the Louth regiment three hundred and eighty-seven; for the Mayo North regiment three hundred and one; for the Mayo South regiment three hundred undone; for the Meath regiment three hundred and forty-four; for the Monaghan regiment three hundred and forty-four; for the Ojicon's County battalion two hundred and fifty-eight; for the Rof-cornmon regiment three hundred and twelve; for the Sligo

D 2 battalion

Colonels tnt to a. -charge move than according to the following tides:

Aatrimj44.

Armagh 23 2. Carlow 115. Cr/an 174. Clare 174.

N Cork 23:. S. Cork 2;:.

C. of Cork 232

Donegal S90. Down 348. Co. Dublin 25S.

City Dublin *37. . Kcrinanay h 25*.

Gahvay 290. Kerry 23.’. Kildaic 215.

lvilkcnnyzji. lung’s Co. 3-H-

Leitrim 2yS. Co Linu-rick ^I^-

City Limerick *74-

Lo/idomlcrny

290.

Longford

258.

Louth 387.

N NDyojoi. S. Mayo 301. Meath 344. Monaghan U4

Queen's Co. a?#

Rufcommoti

31*.

Sligo 2j8.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

battalion two hundred and fifty-eight for the Tipperary regiaicot four hundred and thirty; for the Tyrone regiment four hundred and thirty; for the Waterford regiment two hundred and thirty-two; for the Westmeath battalion two hundred and thirty-four; for the Wexford regiment two

hundred and ninety; and for the Wicklow battalion one hundred and seventy-four.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all militia-men that have

Wicklow 174 ,

Militiamen been entitled for the purpose aforesaid, unce the twenty-first fmee2iftJan. day of January last, by virtue of his Majesty's orders for pano'f'10,04? l^at purpose, shall be deemed and taken to be, and be confi-

inm. dered as part of the said number of ten thousand and for-

ty-one men aforesaid.

Colonels of

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several colo-trjiifinitac? nels or commanding officers of the several regiments or bat-counts to talions of militia, shall, within ten days after the receiv-

wntiinr, with- y

in 10 days ing of any order for that purpose from his Majesty, signifi-

Tipperary

4^0.

Tyrone 4^.

Waterford

2*2

Westmeath

2.14*

Wet: ford 2 50.

charged.

Howvitenn. eics in militia regiments shall be Glled up.

Jl mcodif- of cd by the lord lieutenant or lords justices as aforesaid, transmit to his excellency the lord lieutenant, or lords justices for the time being, an accurate account, in writing, of the number of persons that shall have been discharged from the militia of their respective regiments or battalions.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for tile lord lieutenant, or lords justices for the time being, from time to time, when, and as often as he or they shall think fit, to order and direct, that the several vacancies in the said regiments or battalions of militia, so occasioned by the en-lifting of such men as aforesaid, shall be filled up. either in the whole or in part, by providing men to serve in such regiments for four years, or during the continuance of the present war, in the place of such militia-men as shall so M nenlilt- er|M as aforesaid 5 and that to every such man that shall cS;«icve in be enlisted to serve in such militia for the term aforesaid, pbccofiuliers in the place of those men who shall voluntarily offer and the "shall enlist regiments of the line, there shall be paid any

be.|ra'doutof ^um not excee^,ng *he sum of three guineas as a bounty, TfilrV’M. e?:c*',five l^e guinea now allowed by law as ? marching marching guinea, which said sum of three guineas, for every such gumci. man, shall be paid and discharged by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, without any expence

9

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

whatever being incurred by the county by which such militia regiment or battalion has been raised.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any militia-man shall have been enlisted into any regiment of the line, contrary to the provisions of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of militia to which such militia-man did belong, to demand such . man from the regiment of the line into which he has been so enlisted; and the commanding officer thereof shall, thereupon, hand over such man to the regiment or battalion of militia to which he did belong, and such man shall be deemed a militia-man, according to the terms of his former attestation, in as full and ample a manner as if such man never had been discharged or enlisted into any regiment of the line; provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to any militia-man who shall not be so claimed, on o? before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and that such militia-man shall refund whatever bounty he may have received, unless his excellency the lord lieutenant shall be plea fed to remit the same.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall authorize any militia-man to enlist in any regiment of the line after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall authorize any officers appointed by Ids Majesty to enlist or receive militia-men under this act, or any commanding officer or other officer, or non-comtniflionecl officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps in his Majesty's regular forces, or any other person, to enlist, or perjuade to enlist, or receive any militia-man, other than such as shall have been duly discharged by the colonel or cpm-manding officer of the militia to winch such person shall belong, and every person so offending shall be liable to the penalty on enlisting a militia-man knowingly, contained in an act paHed in the thirty third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for amending and reducing into one act of Parliament^ the lam relating to the militia of Ireland.

XX dnd whereas it may be expedient for the general service of the militia, that the county of Down militia, which Voj,. XX. C is

A.D. 1800. Chap. 1.

Militia-men entitled con-t:ar>' to tlm aft, find! be

R'«" "P hr officers of line, and deemed militia men, if claimed before 25 March, i 03, and bounty

wilds remitted by I. lieutenant.

Militia men not to enlist i* Due after 2J March, ition.

Officers who enlist militiamen not Jib-charged by their commanding officers, shall be liable to penalty in militia aft 33 G.

10

A.D. 1800. Chap. i.

The Down militia to be formed into 2 battalions.

Non-commissioned officers and privates shall continue in battalions to which appointed.

Regulation in case there are more captain- than may he necessary !or the

2 battalions.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

is now formed into a regiment of twelve companies, should be formed into two battalions of fix companies each; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdopn for the time being, to order and direct at such time, and in such manner as he or they shall think proper, that (he said county of Down militia be formed into two battalions of fix companies each, with the like number of officers, and of such ranks, descriptions, and qualifications, as battalions of militia of fix companies are and shall be by law entitled to have.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from the time the said regiment of county of Down militia shall be formed into battalions, every non-commissi-oned officer, and every private soldier in the said regiment of county of Down militia, then serving in said regiment, shall be, and continue to be a non-commissioned officer and private in either of the county of Down battalions of militia, to which he shall be appointed respectively.

XXII. And in the event of there being at the time of the formation of the county of Down regiment of militia into two battalions, a greater number of captains than may be necessary for the establishment of the two battalions; be it enacted, That in such case it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to direct that such captain or captains shall continue to receive their full pa) and allowances as such, and be considered as seconded captains on the county of Down militia at large, and be entitled'to fuccccd tocompanics in either of the battalions to be formed, as they shall become vacant by death, promotion, resignaiion, or otherwise, without new commissions, and in the mean tiiqe to remain subject to such orders as they shall receive from the;, lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XXIII. Whereas by an act of parliament passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament the avis relating to the militia of Ireland, it is enacted, That in all counties where the number of men are sufficient to form, fix companies, but notTofficient to form a regiment, it shallbc.law?

I ful

II

yt>.

i'!oo.

>The: Fortieth Year of George III.

full for (helord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom to confer on three officers of such com- ^ panies, appointed and qualified according to the directions of this act, the rank of lieutenant-colonel commandant, lieu- R.«'-ulof

regulations

tenant-colonel, and major, but with no higher pay than if in point of

they were appointed lieutenant-colonel, major, and captain; u,schy'

and where the number of men shall be sufficient to form

33 «1*

four companies, but not sufficient to form fix companies, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors in like manner to confer on two o&cers of such companies, appointed and qualified as aforesaid, the rank of Lieutenant-colone! and major, but that only one of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of a captain: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers of corps of militia confiding of seven companies and under, 0(r,cer,of

r ° r 1 militia corps

holding the said brevet ranks of lieutenant-colonel or major, ofjeompa. respectively at the time of the passing this act, shall be, and dc, holding are hereby declared to be entitled to all rank, pay, and emoluments, as lieutenant-colonel and major of the said bat- "r'""jor*

shall be enti.

talion, as any other lieutenant-colonel or major of militia tied to rank, shall be entitled to respectively. lny,f£'

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in the event of r1K£ ^p! of any future vacancy of the lieutenant colonel, or major of ""I.’" f",nre

appoint Ik,it.

such corps the colonel may appoint a proper person to supply coionekor such vacancy, in the same manner as colonels of regiments of militia, confiding of eight companies or upwards, are by law empowered to do.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Lord Kcut. be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or proclamation governors of this kingdom for the time being, to issue his or their proclamation, and to pardon deserters from militia regi- who have dements, if he or they shall think fit, all or any such militia- lilted in rc-men as shall have enlisted into any of the regular forces before before tins’ the passing of this act, to direct that such men so pardoned ac"h a"Jl°

r ° r prevent them

shall not be liable to be claimed by, or returned to serve-in from being the regiment or battalion of militia from which they shall have deserted; And further to pardon every such militia man as Also shall before the passing of this act have deserted from any mm who dc-

serted before

regiment or battalion of militia, on condition that such mill- thisna.nnd ti,i-man shall voluntarily surrender himself as a deserter, on ci'iut’blii'orc or before the first day of June, one thousand eight hundred, 'Juoc- l8co

C s or

i a The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or shall on or before the said first day of June voluntarily enlist into someone of his Majesty's regular regiments, and to di rest that such militia-man so pardoned and enlisting, shall not be liable to be claimed by, or returned to serve in the regiment or battalion aforesaid; and all militia-men who shall have ftommflLi deserted at any time before the passing of this act, and who wlit, do not shall not have surrendered themselves or enlisted as aforesaid cnliit before i in consequence of such proclamation, on or before the first shall bctdoi day of June, one thousand eight hundred, shall be liable to be &c- tried in the same manner for desertion or absence from their

duty, and to be punished in such manner as the law now directs.

Thi«aa

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be al-rforrepraju tered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in "* this fclfion of parliament.

CHAP. II.

An Act to revive, with Amendments, tan AB passed last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act for the Sappreffon of the Rebellion which fill unhappily exi/ls within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Ma-jefjs faithful SitbjeBs -within the same.

JTmlty the twenty fourth tiny of March, one thousand e'tyhl hundred, Royal /IJftnl gk'cn.

JOHN CAVER, I). CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS it is expedient to revive, with amendments, ok »t to re- for a limited time, an act passed in the Lift fetliin of r.nu-ml tlir re- parliament, entitled. An act for the jappteffton of ike rebellion M fetllon j°f which fill unhappily exi/is -within this kingdom, and for the pro-bclu fbrcc^ teuton of theperjons and properties of his Majesty's faithfulfub-until 25 Mar. jeBs -within the same-, be it therefore enadetl by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said recited act shall be revived, and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer,

1

The Fortieth Year of George III. 13

II. And be it enacted, That courts-martial, to be consti- A.D. luted and appointed under the authority of the said act, shall

con fit! of commissioned officers of the line, fcncible, or mi- Wim of-

1. r 11 ficu s court*

litia regiments, or yeomanry corps, not lets in number than martial m three, nor exceeding thirteen. cociiitof.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Sai.irc-

rcper.l, alter, or amend the said recited act at any time dur-

ing the urefent session of parliament. nralicrcJthis

" 1 U'ilion.

CHAP. III.

An Act for featring ihc Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interej} and Charges upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards Discharge of fteh Principal Sums in fitch Manner as therein is directed,* and for enabling the Officers of his Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time, in Manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying it certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred, and for other PurpoJ'es.

Aimlty th: twenty-fourth day of A larch, one thousand eight hundred, Royal A (salt given.

JOHN CAVER, U. CLER. PARU

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the Recitals.; thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An G' 3'S'

act for granting for one year, the fever at duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein spectfed, during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other ptirpfs therein mentioned, several aids and duties were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred inclusive, to pay an interest for the sums mentioned in an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for fe curing the payment of the anna- Recitals.; hies, and of the interef upon the principal Jams therein pro- G‘u' videdfor, and towards discharge of fitch principal sums in fuel: manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his

14 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Majestys treasury to receive certain sunn for a limited time in 1800. manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for applying a certain sum of money, therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and nintety-niue, and for other purposes, or so much thereof as should remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the person or persons v;ho lent the fame, his, her, or their creditors, administrators or assigns, at the respective rates therein respectively mentioned, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such times as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment; and also to pay the several annuities and charges therein mentioned: and whereas in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-Miw'uf'reeighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to autho-' s G^ "f rize ^ie !lTul,lS of treasury bills, to the amount therein mention-5000l. at j ed, to the company of the Grand Canal, to carry on the naviga-fci'in s"Mar. t,on lo ^,e Shannon, and to authorize the issuing debentures to 'cXo\ af !^>e amount therein mentioned, to enable the company of the Royal percec. Canal to proceed in carryitig on the said canal,* two several <95,3luw’ sums have been raised on debentures, bearing an interest at oara'|fje ^Ie rate five pounds per centum per annum, that is to say,

iAiitmw. five thousand pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the eighth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine-, and six thousand pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the third day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, have been issued, amounting to eleven thousand pounds, which debentures are outstanding and un-By fecund paid: and whereas by the said feeond mentioned act, a sup-j.o's'rlyiRi. pty of five million eighty thousand seven hundred and .1 mttdtohi! '-Wenty-eight pounds one shilling and eight pence halfpenny, Majtdv out was granted to his Majesty, out of the surplus of the con-Itaifundi folidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, for the several Ia ptirfumcc purposes therein expressed: and whereas in pursuance of tU?s')f'!7 three Tefolutions of the house of commons, of the twenty-mS'oi'Yiic59’ ^venth day of March, one thousfmd seven hundred and i..-n.r-! ninety-nine, authorizing the sum of four million five hundred

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

dred thousand pounds, part of ilie said supply, to be raised by loan, in manner therein mentioned, and of an act passed !aft session of parliament, reciting the said rcfolmions, and entitled. An act to enable the commiporters of the tieaj.trr in Ireland, to receive font the commissioners oj the treasury in England, a sum not exceeding the jam therein: ten!toned, ns a ban, in part of the supply granted to his Majesty, for the fc<-vt'ee of the year one thousand feveu hundred and ninety-nine, and for securing the interest and charges thereon, and for raising by loan a furtherfuw toward; the fad supply, and to exempt from certain duties fitch per fans as shall have paid such voluntary contributions as therein mentioned, the him ..f two millions ot pounds, hath been raised and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, as part of the said sum of four million five hundred thousand pounds; and in pursuance of ilie said Lift mentioned ait, debentures have been jfluerl for the said sum of two million of pounds, bearing an interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for eft'edhialing the railing of the said sum of two million of pounds, treasury bills to the amountof fourhnndred and ninety-five thousand pounds, being at the rate of the sum of twenty-four pounds fifteen (liillings for every one hundred pounds of the said sum of two million of pounds have been issued to the persons who paid the said sum, and which treasury bills bear an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and arc payable on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one: and whereas in pursuance of the fame ail, the further sums of six hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred thousand pounds, amounting to seven hundred thousand pounds, have been raised, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's said exchequer, as a loan on treasury bills, as a further part of the said sum of four million five hundred thousand pounds, and for the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds treasury bills, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and Jiinety-nine, have been issued, and for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds treasury bills, bearing a like in-D e tcrcfl,

and i i pa*

f'uw ofh.l

mont ft >tn-tl

ait, delicti* tine* fur 2,od‘S'V>i>!. ni 5 prt «n\ have been issued from

25 March, *7995 and t realm y bills for 495,0m.!. have been r* filed at 5 per cent, from 251b Dec.

179s* ptiyail* r^tli Jiijr, rdc.i;

further sums of 6oo,oo»l and 1 i>o,ooul. have bcc:i raised on ire.i* fury bills, payable Ueicin

16 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

terest, from the twenty-fourth day of July, one thousand

*8oa seven hundred and ninety-nine, have been issued, and the

treasury bills for the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds, are payable on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and the treasury bills for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, are payable on the

offamtadt twenty-f°urth July following: and whereas in pur-

and3 nilicr fuance of the same act, and of three other resolutions of the

jtliApiil', said house, of the fifth day of April, one thousand seven

the^k-rciif rt- hundred and ninety-nine, and of another act paired I a ft fef-

dKiUfiof flon of parliament, entitled. An act for ratline the federal tail session, r . , J.J J

aiitli.iriziiijr Jams therein mentioned, fir the several purp'jes therein mentioned,

t/w wiled lU,d for authorizing the issuing if so much thereof as hath been granted to defray the expense of the regular and militia forces on tifli, raised in the establishment of Great Britain emplycd in this kingdom, and taCiiasL'.-n for defraying the expence of defeating any enter prize or design received mm or tj.c common enemy, authorizing the several sums therein

terms herein J

neiicd. mentioned, amounting to one million six hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, to be raised by loan, the sum of three millions of pounds British currency, making in Irish currency three million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, consisting of the remainder of the said sum of four million five hundred thousand pounds, and of part of the said sum of one million six hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, and raised on loan in Great Britain, hath been received at the receipt of his Maji.fiy’s exchequer in Ireland, from the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland, upon the terms of a provision being made for the interest and charges of the loan made to that amount in Great Britain, that is to say, for an interest of five pounds five shillings per centum per annum, on the said sum of three million; one pound ten shillings of said interest, commencing from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and to be paid half yearly on every fifth day of October, and fifth day of April, and the remaining three pounds fifteen ftiillings- of said interest, commencing from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and to be paid half yearly, on every fifth day of January, and fifth day of July, being at the rate of thiec pounds per centum per annum, on the sum 2 of

AiMs and <i i-

Tie Fortieth Fear cf George III.

of five million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds Brititli' currency, the amoti’ t of the capital (lock created in Great Britain by the loan of the said three mil’inn of pounds Brititli currency, and for a yearly charge of one pound per centum on the said capital (lock, to be issued by the commissioners of the treasury in England to the commissioners appointed by act of parliament in Great Britain for reducing the national debt, to be applied in the redemption thereof, and to be issued in quarterly payments: and whereas the aids and duties granted to his Majesty in and by the first recited act appropriated to the payment of the several sums by said re- nxitcJacl cited acts provided for, and the interest, annuities, and provL.a f,iH-chargrs thereon have not provided sufficient for such purposes: and whereas it is necessary to provide for the payment of topravMcfcr

payments

the several pritnipal sums at any time or times heretofore K-iemr.--borrowed upon or fecit red by debentures or treasury bills, or upon flock made transferable at the hank of England, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eudit hundred, together with the interest thereof, or annuities payable for the fame; and also to provide for the payment of the several life annuities granted upon the respective sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, ami one hundred and sevenly-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds heretofore Taised upon such amu-.i ics: also to provide for the payment of the payment of the several annuities of thirty thousand pounds, and eighteen thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds to the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, mentioned in the said fecund recital ad, purluatit M and upon the terms in the several acts in that behalf mentioned; and a!f > to provide for the payment of the annuities (or terms for wars heretofore granted, pursuant to any act of parliament fe; effectuating the railing of any money for the use of the government of this kingdom, audio provide for the payment of the said several sums. amounting to eleven thousand pounds, raised upon debentures in pursuance of the said act. p,died in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, and intend upon the fame at the rate of five pounds per centum per ms nut;:, and n1 f.« to provide for the payment in London to t'-e cornu.illiouvrs of his Majesty's treasury in England, of the intervf. and quarterly charge- on the said

'Interdt on debentures at 3i per cl per ct. and j per Ct.

end for debentures converted into Hock tiansfciable at bank f Ireland, rtiall be paid every six months, at treasury and bank of Ireland.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

sum of five million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, the capital stock created by the said loan of three million of pounds herein before mentioned to have ‘ been received, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, from the commissioners of his treasury: in England, and on the capital stock created by the loan of the several former Turns in like manner, received pursuant to the several acts of parliament in that behalf; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice andconsent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that for the principal sums heretofore borrowed upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the'rate of three pounds ten Ihiliings per centum per annum, four pounds per centum per annum, and five pounds per, centum per annum, respectively, and for the said principal sum of eleven thousand pounds, raised in pursuance of the said act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth clay of March, one thousand eight hundred, and for such proportion of any of the said debentures as have or shall have been converted into flock transferable at the bank of Ireland, pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable the proprietors of debentures issued by government, to convert them into such transferable at the bank of Ireland, there shall be paid, at the receipt of his Majesty's treasurjr in this kingdom, and at the bank of Ireland respectively, at the end of every lix calendar months, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, onc tiioufand eight hunched, to the person or persons who paid or ient, or shall become entitled to the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest at the rate of three pounds ten Ihiliings per centum per annum, four pounds per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum respectively, and for the several sums heretofore borrowed upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at ihe rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable in the city of London, and for the several sums subscribed for and paid at the Bank of England and made flock trans-, fcrable

The Fortieth Year of George III. 19

ferable at the said bank, there shall be paid in the city of A.D. London, at the end of every six calendar months, to the^1^00, persons who paid, or shall have become entitled to the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, ndminifirators, or

annuities fur

assigns, such interest and annuities as have been established sums tailed on account of such sums respectively, according to the true b'.pij;, J intent and meaning of the several acts relating to the fame respectively, such interest and annuities to be paid without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such.time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money, at one entire payment.

II. And be it enacted, That the inrerrft and quarterly iuttreff, charges aforesaid, on the said sum of three million of pounds,

British currency, paid into the receipt of his Majesty's cx- i‘> tcumitud r 1 */r - J J lotrealmy

chequer in Ireland, by the commissioners of his Majesty's iu England,

treasury in England as aforesaid, and the intercity annuities, and quarterly charges on the several forrtier sums in like manner paid, shall be remitted to the commissioners of the said treasury, pursuant to the several acts concerning the same respectively.

III. And be it enacted, That the several life annuities heretofore granted to the several subscribers who advanced and paid the said three several sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, and one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds into his Majesty's treasury, shall, and may be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the intent and meaning of the several acts heretofore made concerning the same respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid several annuities, payable to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, amounting to seventy-three thousand one hundred and twenty five pounds, shall be regularly paid to the governor and company of the said bank, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the fevc-ral acts concerning the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities for years granted, in pursuance of an act for effectuating the raisiing of any sum or sums of money for the use of the government of this kingdom, be regularly paid at the receipt

Life snnn-iu\*> to be paid according to meaning of arts c\mcor«» iuj t!u\n.

Anmmiii anvi'iiitia^to 73,i ayl. Ili.ill be rcgubrly paid to btuik of Ireland.

2C Tie Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ccipt of his JVlsjf fly’s exchequer of this kingdom, and at the i8co. (he City of London, according as the fame have been ref-^ia.*~ Pf <^,ve'v agreed or appointed to have teen paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall respectively become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts concerning the same respectively.

VI. And be it enacted, That for the principal sums at . any time heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by treasury bills now outstanding and unpaid, and which are not yet current to any receiver or collector of any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, bearing an interest of five pounds per centum per annum, and six pounds per centum per annum, and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, there shall be paid, at imereft on the receipt of his Majesty’s-exchequer, from the twenty-fifth atjandfipir-day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the person S-iillidy paid or pvrfons having paid the fame respectively, his, her, or at ireafciy. their cxccutois, admir.istrators or assigns, an intereil after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and six pounds per centum per annum, according to the tenor of such treasury bills rrfpcQively, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid their principal money at One entire payment.

Applicaii-

VII. And be it enacted, That the aids granted to his Ma-on t n>t!s

grant-it in- jesty in and by an act passed in this session of parliament,

entitled. An act for granting for one year the fveral duties of tliu fu^n. therein mentioned, in lieu oj all other duties payable upon the articles therein specified durian the far'd term, and for regrual-\ ing the trade let-men this kingdom and his Alajeffy’s colonies, and for (tier purpjes therein mentioned, and appropriated to the payment of the intcrcfi of the several sums ferured by debenture and treasury bills, and of such of the fluid debentures as have, or shall have been converted into'flock transferable at the bank of Ireland, and of the sums borrowed in England, and made flock transferable at the bank of England, and to payment of the interest and charges of the several sums paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and to payment of the life and other annuities aforesaid, shall be applied and paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the lord high treasurer for the time being, to the payment of the said interest, annuities, and charges, and towards payment of the interest of such sum or sums as shall be borrowed towards railing the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, the rate of such interest, and the terms of such loans to be ascertained and directed by any act passed, or to be passed this session of parliament, and towards payment of the expences which may be incurred by fending or remitting from time to time to London, such of the several annuities and interest-money, and charges, as are payable there, pursuant to the several acts passed relating thereto respectively, or as may be payable there in purftiance of any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament; and also the charges attending the expence of any money which may be borrowed in England, towards raising the said supply, and of transmitting the same to this kingdom; and also to the payment of the several following allowances to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, for the purposes following, that is to say, to defray the expence of paying the interest of any principal sum payable at the said bank, an allowance not ex- Alt*,* cceding the rate of four hundred and fifty pound's per annum VreUnd. of for one million of pounds of the principal sums on which such interest shall accrue, and for payment of any annuities payable at the said bank, an allowance not exceeding the rate of one hundred and twelve pounds ten shillings for ten thousand pounds of such annuities, and for taking subserip-tions to any loan, and receiving the contributions thereto, an allowance not exceeding the rate of eight hundred and five pounds fifteen shillings and ten pence for one million of s pounds of such loan; and that the surplus of the said duties applied at Ji-

be applied in such manner as shall be directed by par- ^1'^,. liament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That whatever expences shall be Wi mJ incurred by fending or remitting from time to time the said by'fou.ii'n.r interest, annuities, and charges, from this kingdom to the city of London, and the payment of the fame there shall fin'll*

3 r , brought to

be charged upon the duties, rates, impositions, and taxes, r.<:oum of

subject to tile payment of the said interest and annuities, and

that whatever profit shall be made by way of exchange, by tticv-wa'.i

Vol. XX. F

2.2

i3 & i+ G. 3. 7. fof explaining and amending an act of

Principal and interest on debentures

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

remitting the said sums, or any of them, shall be brought to the credit of the balance due of the said duties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act, passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities in man-£*®e cor "l <ner therein provided, to such persons as fall voluntarily fub--cd io 25 Mar. ferike towards raising a sum not exceeding the film of two hun-Jred and fxly-five thousand pounds, shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

X. And be it enacted, That so much of the principal sums so heretofore from time to time borrowed upon, or fc-

at 4Per cured by deben tures carrying an interest, after the rate of four

cent. 3I per J ' 0

ant. and 5 pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten fhil-2jFMarch," lings per centum per annum, and five pounds per centum sums'ra'iCd tcr nnnum, respectively, as shall become due and unpaid on towards said _the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year he paid, and -one ‘thousand eight hundred and one; and such sum or sums (laterell. ;as qla]| ge ra;fcj or borrowed towards raising the said ftipply as shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be well and truly satisfied and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with all interest for the fame, at the respective rales at which the same are or shall be payable, without any deduction whatsoever.

XI. And be it enacted, That whatever surplus or exceeding of the duties granted in the last, or any former session of parliament, appropriated to the payment of the interest of the several principal sums, annuities, and charges herein before mentioned, shall remain in his Majesty's exchequer, over and above all interest, annuities, and charges, payable thereout oil the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, shall be disposed of in such manner as shall be directed by parliament.

XII. And whereas towards raising the supply granted, to his Majest.y, it may be necessary to establish one or more lottery or lotteries; Ec it therefore enacted, that it shall and may he lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or

of

Status of J'llL'a appro-priiital to payment of iiitrrcl!, an-ntiius &e. in tror.tin 2J MmvIi, shall be t!if-jmfL'tl of l»y p.ii-lftimcit.

I onl; of

tirnfury may dlablifti- one or more lotteries, with approbation of I iicut.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of the lord high treasurer for the time being, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for that purpose to establish one or more lottery or lotteries, upon such scheme or schemes of prizes to be paid in ready money, and at such time or times, and with all such further and other regulations, powers, and provisions, necessary to 'carry the fame into execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and that such lottery or lotteries so to" be cf-blished, shall be conducted and carried on with such powers and authorities, and under and fitbjed to such regulations and directions, and with such form of books, mode of dra wing, provisions as to tickets delivered or not subscribed for, rewards to managers and other officers, discount for subscriptions advanced, and such forfeitures for omissions to pay or complete subseriplions to such lottery or lotteries, within such time or times as shall be appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or by the lord high treasurer for the time bcine, and under and subject to such powers to pay incident expences neccifary to be incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, and such other powers and authorities, provisions and restrictions, penalties, forfeitures and remedies, as are severally mentioned in an atl passed in the rwenty-iirft and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty ike several duties, rates, impositions and taxes, therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the sums therein provided for, and towards discharge of the said principal fttms in such manner, as therein is directed, and for such other purposes, as are therein mentioned-, and in one other ail passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An aci to prevent insurance of lottery tickets, to regulate the drawing of lotteries and to amend the fame-, and ;!so in one other a Cl passed in the same year, entitled, An act for continuing and amending the several laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for more ejf finally preventing frauds therein; and in one other ad p.-ilfed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending the laws for the regulation of lottery office:,

P 2 tfW

Lotteries t« be subject to regulation!: appointed by lords of craftin', or lord liigii treasurer,

and subjoil to

provilimi;,

pcnnltiev,

&c. &c. in 2i and 21.

U. 3. c. 2. and in 2 aftj. of S3 <! 3-c. IK. & 37.

and m 35 G* 3. c. 35. un. less otherwise provided this Ullio.

4- 77<? Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and ft,r preventing the imtrfance of lottery tickets, unless the ^u.eo. fame shall be otherwise provided for this session of parliament., or shall be enabled by any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every of them were herein particularly set forth and enacted with respect to such lottery or lotteries to be established; and that the amount of the prizes of the lotteries drawn in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall he paid out of the monies which shall arise by contributions to the said lottery or lotteries hereby authorized to be established.

Monies

XIII. And be it enacted, That all monies coming into the ions'*nj receipt of the exchequer by loans, towards railing the sup-

jniiitts on ply granted by this act, and all monies arising by profits on

ilktts, shall tickets in any lottery, in pursuance of this act, shall be car-hcpnitof rjecj t ancj t 0p conf0]idated fund.

coitlolukitui ’ J

f"1"1' XIV. Now we your Majesty's loyal subjects the commons

of Ireland, in parliament assembled, towards raising the ne- ccssary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament', have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, the sum herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority arforesaid, ;,;ji, Cc2l. That by and out of such monies as shall from time to time be. Ml trailed an<* rema'n 'n the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus 01:1 of fnrpius of the fund called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-"d fund,'to fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the JiMiipidy to twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and htsKDgcay, one, inclusive, after paying and reserving sufficient to pay . jSco. 1 dll' such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament or by any act or acts passed this session of parliament, to be paid out of the fame,' which fnm and sums the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, is and are hereby authorized to issue and pay out of the said consolidated fund, shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the supply granted to your Majesty, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, a sum not exceeding five million three hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and two pounds fourteen shillings and eight pence halfpenny, and the commissioners of his Majesty’s

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby-authorized to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

XV. And be it enacted, That the sum of five million three hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and two pounds fourteen shillings and eight pence halfpenny, by this act granted, out of the monies that shall arise by the furphts of the fund called the consolidated fund, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, shall be, and the fame is hereby appropriated, and shall be issued in manner aforesaid, and applied for and towards the several uses and purposes herein after expressed.

XVI. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids and supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued the flint of seven hundred thousand pounds, to the payment and discharge of the said treasury bills, for the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds, which are made current and payable on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and of the said treasury bills for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, which are made current and payable on the twenty-fourth day of July, One thousand eight hundred.

XVII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding four million four hundred twelve thousand and sevenly-five pounds sixteen shillings and two pence, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces and other services therein particularly expressed, that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding the sum of five hundred forty one thousand and ninety-eight pounds seven shillings and eight pence, for defraying the charge of twelve thousand effective men for guards, gmifons, and other his Majesty's forces in Ireland, including the pay of commissioned and non conimi/li-oned officers and private men, the charge of agency, and the charge of allowances to be made to captains, paymasters, ftirgc-i ns, riding-mafiers, and for serjeant3, to be maintained within this kingdom for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one} any sum or sums of money not exceeding ninety-seven thousand five

5,541,63:1

14s. 8id. Hull be ap« ptopri.ited and applied as hcrc-itter.

700,000l. to discharge treasury bills payable SI June»jmd a. July, 1800

4.417.0751 161 s ' far land l'oice«» &c* viz.

H , for 12000: in.

ao

i!Sco. Chap. 3.

57,5211.18s.

W. lor 3234 Dien fcrvin^ abroad.

95

for 33839 men, a lamentation.

TO,cc'J. for ;:<Idtiio»al pay Jor rc^i-inc’Us on 13uUu> duty.

lid. (or iUIr*.

542SI. 93. gJ(l. for nnilUr mnf. gen. j. adv. gen. &c -&c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

hundred and twenty-one pounds eighteen shillings and six-pence, for defraying the charge of three thousand two hundred and thirty-four men'serving abroad, including the pay of commissioned and non-commissioned officers and private men, the charge of agency, and the charge of allowances to be made to captains,' paymasters, furger-ns, tiding-matters, and for serjeants, to be maintained by this -kingdom for 'one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thou fund eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding nine hundred eighty-eight thousand six hundred and rsixty-two pounds nine shillings, for defraying the charge of -thirty-three thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine men, the augmentation to the land forces of this kingdom, for the internal defence of the country for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thous.ind eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding-ten thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of additional pay to such regiments of cavalry and infantry as may be commanded on . duty in Dublin for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or "fums of money not exceeding forty-five thousand seven hundred and ninety pounds fifteen shillings and eleven-pence, for defraying thr charges of general and general ftnff-officers for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five thousand four hundred and twenty-eight pounds nine shillings and six pence three farthings, for defraying ihc rhaigcof the allowances to the'mutter-matter general. judge advocate general, physician, and surgeon-general,

- provofi-martial. general, fix commissioners'-of mutters, the -ag' rit for the trsnfmission of deserters, and the town major,

thiir deputies and clerks, and the contingent expences of

their respective offices for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money, not exceeding five thousand eight hundred and ninety-one pounds nine shillings and eleven: pence farthin*, for defraying the charge of governors of gar-.- rifons, of military incidents, and of fire and candles forgar-

rifons for one year, ending-the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding, eighty-uvo thousand seven hundred and seven-

ty

The Fortieth' Year of George III.

ty pounds seventeen shillings and six pence, for defraying the charge of recruiting and contingencies of his Majesty's land forces foroneyear, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred undone; any Aim or films of money not exceeding eleven thousand and eighteen pounds one Uniting and one halfpenny, to defray the charge of half pay officers of his Majesty's army for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or films of money not exceeding five thousand five hundred and fi-xty nine pounds four shilling;, for defraying the charge of the allowance to be paid to the widows of commissioned and warranted officers, and the expences attending the fame for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or Aims of money not exceeding two hundred and forty-five thousand and fifty-five pounds thirteen shillings and six pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of the expence of extra forage for the cavalry for one year, commencing the first day of April, one thousand eight hundred, and ending die thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven hundred and seventy-four thousand eight hundred and ninety-two pounds sixteen shillings and seven pence, for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the several counties of this kingdom for one year, ending the thirty first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any

sum or sums of money, not exceeding six hundred and twenty-five thousand seven hundred and sixteen pounds fifteen

- findings and four-pence, for defraying the charge of the several district corps in this kingdom for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and -one; any sum or sums cf money not exceeding one hundred and seventy-three thousand three hundred and nineteen

pounds four shillings and five pence, for defraying the expence of the commifiariat establishment foroneyear, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or Aims of money not exceeding nine thousand and ninety-four pounds twelve Aiillings and three pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of the medical hoard, the medical staff, and the additional medical ftaft’, for one year, ending the thirty first clay of March, one

27

iSc-o. Chap. 3.

Sj,7jol, 17s, <jj. lor iv-aaJ continue:), cu-s.

Il,or.Si, ii, o)ri. f.jr lidlf-p.iy officers,

45.

lor oHicers' widows.

245.0551-13s. £>}d. for cxir.i-ftirage for CJiulry.

774,892l.

16s 7d. for niHili'i.

1 i-i. ,|d. fur ililiiici corps;

173019'. 4<-

51I for coir* itMuiial.

909^1. 12 j.

loi n.c die; 1 bea..! Mtd ttaff.

48

i Soo. Chap^.

6:

2 -<! f».»* i».t-I; MV hospitals ami r..c«

dici'ments.

5-4/5 z 1. 13& 6 j. for chap Urns.

3000l. for royal mlli-taiy inlirma-'}'

35.

5*1. for n>val l,uljlor juul.Ja.

4fJ,r»Go1. for bat f«l so-

mi'C.

340,e'en!, for coi.Un^rti-cfV.f, mulct the he <i! of barracks.

>7- '/' r‘,r

oul/i.nici.’.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

thousand eipl't hundred md one; any sum or films of money rot ev. offing twelve thousand one hundred and sixty-nine pound.-, ir- ftiillinits and two pence halfpenny, for defraying

the chare: of military general hospitals and medicaments for the am:v in tin’s kingdom for one year, to the thirty-first day of Match, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money, not exceeding five thousand four

hundred and sixty-one pounds, thirteen shillings and six pence, for defraying the charge of reduced chaplains of the several regiments of the line and fencibles, also of the chaplains of the garrisons of Dublin, and_to the troops llationed at fundiy places in Ireland for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money r.ot exceeding three thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of the royal military infirmary for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand right hundred and one; any sum or films of money not exceeding tvvcntv-six thousand one hundred and eighty-one pounds three shillings and five pence, for defraying the charge of the royal hospital for invalids for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty-right thousand six hundred pounds, for defraying the

expence for two hundred days bat and forage For the general officers and staff, medical board and commissariat department; also bat and forage for three hundred and sixty-five days for the flail'at head quarters, and bat and forage for the line, fencibles and militia, in the event of their taking- the field, in the year one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding ihr.e hundred and forty thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of contingencies for the army and militia, under the head of barracks, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one tluiuf.ind eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding three hundred and fifty four thousand eight bundled and thirty-two pounds seventren shillings and nine-pence, for defraying the charge of llie ordinary and extraordinary ex-prnces of the office of ordnance for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred stud one.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

29

XVIII. And be it enacted, that out of all, or any of the A.D. aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall, and may be issued and paid, the film of ten thousand one hundred and foventy-eight pounds, one shilling; and four pence, to the federal /.a!to<.nk.Tj olHcers of the house of commons herein particularly C!C-pressed; that is to say, the film of four thousand pounds to v|’-;-

the Right Honorable John Fuller, Spealtcr of the hntifo of As. H.m. J. commons, to enable him to maintain the ftite and dignity of his ctlice i the sum of five hundred pounds to Henry

r 5crl. to :1»

Alexander, esquire, chairman to the committees of fnpaly Aifsaiia^r,

and ways and means, for his services this section of F.irli.l- 'll-

ment; the sum of five hundred and forty pounds to Sir M0'- ‘°s,'r

r - CJ. I'. X-Iiil,

George Fitzgerald Hill, baronet, clerk of the house of era- bt. m dob, mons, as a reward for his attendance and fervico this section p^ni/aiplcj, of parliament, and a further sum of two hundred pounds for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, fuoerintending engrossing

1 m.-i* bill*

the printing, and making an index to the journals of the house of commons of lad section: and also a further sum of two hundred and seventy-eight pounds one shilling and four-pence, for engrossing the money bills of this section, and for comparing, examining, and nttefting the fame: the sum 10 E-

r*1 0 © lMlUtn, 0.

of three hundred and fifty pounds to Edward Trcfham, air. clerk afliflant, as a reward for his attendance and service this section of parliament; the sum of five hundred pounds to George Frederick Winstanley and Jonathan Rogers, com- ley au.l J»a. mittee clerks, as a reward for their attendance and service' this section of parliament; to be equally divided between -.j. toj. them; the sum of three hundred and twenty pounds to Cj:r,r'c /' James Corry, clerk of the journals and records, as a reward for his attendance and service this section of parlia- ant! ^00! fur ment, also a further sum of two hundred pounds for his trouble in fupcrintemling the printing of the schedules of Hr of£'>» duties and other papers for the committee of ways and means in the present session of parliament; the sum of two hun-j,-0l. to C. dred and fifty pounds to Charles Henry Tandy, clerk of H> 'lillu1)- the engrollments, as a reward for his attendance and service this fe(fion of parliament; the sum of one hundred and Rkwroa fifty pounds to Townly Richardson, adistant clerk of the engroUments, as a reward for his attendance and service this section of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to Dawson Ellis, late clerk of the engroflinents,

iCol to W. Uafferty,

670l. to J. M'Clintoek esq. f. at

250. to H. Coddingtou, tlep. S. at] arms.

550l. for arrangement of business in clerk's office.

200l. to J. Kennedy, and J. Walfli.

70l. to W. Brown.

770l. for back doorkeepers, mvf-I'engers and attendants.

80l. to Albina Taylor for coals and candles.

3060l. to public officers, viz.

340l. to S Moore, esq-

a+ol. to J. Smart.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ia consideration of his long and faithful services in that office} the sum of one hundred and sixty pounds to William Rafferty, clerk in the chief clerk’s office, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of six hundred and seventy pounds to John M’Clintock, esq. serjeant at arms, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Henry Coddington, for his extraordinary care and trouble in attending the house of commons as deputy serjeant at arms; the sum of five hundred and fifty pounds to the Speaker of the house of commons, to be applied by him for the better arrangement of business in the clerk’s offices; the sum of seventy pounds to William Browne, as a reward for his trouble and attendance in delivering the votes to the members this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred pounds to John Kennedy and John Walfii, door-keepers to the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of seven hundred and seventy pounds to the Speaker of the house of commons, to be by him divided among the back-door keepers and messengers attending the house, being twenty in number, and the other attendants, in such manner as he shall direct, and the sum of eighty pounds to Albina Taylor, for the additional expence incurred by her in the articles of coals and candles, which she is obliged to furnish in the new buildings, in the interval between this and the next session of parliament.

XIX. And be it enacted, that out of all, or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iiTued and paid the Turn of two thousand and sixty pounds to the several public officers for their services, and in manner following; that is to say, the sum of three hundred and forty pounds to Stephen Moore, Esq. accountant general, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and Hating the public accounts of the nation, laid before the house of commons this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred and forty pounds to John Smart, deputy accountant general, for his extraordinary trouble this session of parliament, and for superintending the printing of the public accounts; the

sum

The Fortieth Year of George III. 31

Aim of eight hundred pounds to Sir John Tydd, baronet, in A.D. consideration of his attendance, care, and expence, in the 8°°-office of pay-master of corn-bounties; the sum of two hundred pounds to Paul Le Bas, examinator of corn bounties, in j°TydJ, Sbt. consideration of his trouble in keeping the accounts of the 100] t P fame; the sum of two hundred pounds to Robert Marshall, ^®"oR Esq. inspector general of imports and exports, as a reward Marshall, rfq. for his expence and trouble in preparing the accounts of the imports and exports for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, pursuant to the order of this house-, the

3 - slits* 1 n t+o!. tO R.

sum or one hundred and forty pounds to Rogers We- Wetherall. therall, first clerk in the office of the inspector general of imports and exports, for his extraordinary trouble in making up the several accounts by him laid before the house of commons this session of parliament; and the sum of one hundred l4oI<loj. and forty pounds to John Swan, examinator of excise, for his s',an-extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing the accounts for the house of commons.

XX. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not exceeding one 110,7831. hundred and twenty thousand seven hundred and mlfceUancou^ eighty-three pounds seventeen shillings and two-pence half- «*-. penny, for defraying the charges of the several miscellaneous services following , that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds, for defray- 25,000l. fur ing the charge of civil buildings, including the wages of buiU' overseers, rents, and taxes, and other incidental expences, for one year, ending the thirty—first day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; two thousand fire hundred J500l. for pounds for defraying the charges of the appointment of associate and assistant judges for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand five ijool.forap-hundred pounds, to defray the charge of apprehending public pjufcof"5 offenders for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds, for de- 25,000l. for fraying the charge which may probably be incurred in the of- fctulioni, fice of the solicitor in criminal causes for one year, ending

in port of Dublin.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sura or films of money not exceeding one thousand and forty-seven pounds ten shillings and two-pence, for ftn^prativ'cd defriiy'nS the expence attending pratique in the port of Dublin, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money jjocLto of.’ not exceeding three thousand five hundred pounds, to defray hoTamn!^ the charge of the coftomary allowances to the several officers {and, f«r for- jn England and Ireland, for their attendance and service in

vices Inis fcf- w

fefliojj, and the prefrnt session of parliament, and also the fees payable to ' several of the said officers on passing the several public bills

joz6\. 9s. lofcl. for . publishing

proclama. tions, See. in gr.*/.atc and other nctvf* papcrc.

M-9351- 9s-2d. fir print* in{' nt,d ibt-tio»;iry for built houses.

os.

ft!, for print* in^ and lln-ttoiiary, and for other c!rf.

lmitminusm for tpc chicf and

ofiux*

of the present session; any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven thousand and twenty-six pounds nine drillings and tcn-pence halfpenny, to defray the charge of printing proclamations and advertisements in the Dublin Gazette and other newspapers for one year, ending the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding fourteen thousand nine hundred and thirty-five pounds nine shillings and two pence, to defray the charge of printing work and stationary for both houses of parliament during the present session; any sum or sums of money'not exceeding eighteen thousand six hundred and thirty pounds nine shillings.and six-pence, for defraying the charge of printing, stationary, and other disbursements under secretaries offices and apartments, Dublinciith... and other public offices in Dublin Castle, and for the riding charges and other expences of the deputy purfuivants and extra messengers attending the fair! offices for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds, to be applied to defray the charge of the several disbursements to be made by the chief serjeant at arms, for the use of the house of commons, during the present session of parliament; the sum of one riool.for thousand one hundred pounds, to be applied to defray the

liifouifuncnis charge of the several disbursements to be made by t"e gen-ty uflicr of I). b . ’ b

rod, for it. of tlcman usher of the black rod, for the use of the house of

lords during the present session of parliament; the sum of

178! toclc.k one hundred and seventy-eight pounds to the clerk of (he

of fi. of lords, fioufe of lords, for engrossing, comparing, and attefling the

public bills of the present session, except the money bills;

any

»jciol. for difbiufements by chief fu-jcaiit'at arms, for It. of com*

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

any sum or sums of money not exceeding one thousand five hundred pounds, to be applied to defray the incidental charges of the board . of treasury for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; the fit in of eight hundred and thirty-two pounds to the local commissioners of the Lagan navigation for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, in lieu of a duty on beer and ale, formerly granted them in certain parts of the difiricl of Lilburn; the sum of two bundled pounds to Robert Scott, M. D. for his trouble in attending the lick in his Majesty's gaol, called the New Prison, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; the sum of three hundred and sixty-onc pounds three shillings and six-pence halfpenny, to make good the loss of emolument to the clerk, usher, and assistants in the council office for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two hundred and eighty-two pounds four shillings and threepence halfpenny, to be applied to pay Major General Val-iancey, after the rate of fifteen shillings per day, during the time he shall be employed in the military survey of this kingdom, in the year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one t hint fa nd eight hundred and one; any sum or sums of money not exceeding the sum of six thousand pounds, towards building further oitices for the public records of this kingdom, and todischarge sums due for building the courts of justice; the sum of five thousand pounds to the miuifier and church-wardens of the parish of Saint George, in the county of Dublin, for the purpose of aififting them in the building of their parish church; the fnm of or.c hundred thii iron pounds fifteen shillings to Sir George Fitz-Gerald Hill, baronet, to be hv him applied to the payment of clerks attending tiic committees on controverted elections-, the sum r( fifty-six pounds seventeen shillings and (ix-pence to lid-ward Trrfiiun, clerk atiifiant, as a reward for his additional trouble tills session of parliament, on account of controverted C'leiTions; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds eighteen shillings a:ul two-pence, to pay the tifnal and customary allowances to the fever.d persons, and to to - several pnrpofrs following,

1 v>ol. for it, cuUntal cx-|vncc« of trenfory.

8321, for Li*

gtt.l tnv!.r,j.

i'l li«. 1 f duty cri over and a!o.

2 oe-I. to R. iioott, M. L>.

6:1.33.6*4.

lo clerk, See. lit council oi-lico.

2S2l. J.S. 3?ll. to Jlliij. Yjlla:ic*?y.

ficcol. fur

Iniildin^ of fiers for public record , am! lo (!:!-cli.tr^c fu.nj due.

5000J. to.

v/ai'ds Imii'iM.

injj St. Cior^ds chinch, n^l.-iys lo Sjr c. I*.

1 fill, for daks.

1;-. r>d.

to K. i’lcdi. am. el. af!i;l.

2(1.

fur foUiming )>.turns t 1 p.nrult», viz.

v,

1

that

34 A.D. 1800. Chap. 3.

- 1501. to French minister cf St, Patrick’s, tool, to do. at Cork.

tSol. to do. at Lifbuin, Dundalk, and Innilhanmni. tool, to do. at Waterford and lVrtar-lingtun.

50l. to German minil'er, zol, tocliapl. new prifnn, 52L 18s. 2-'d. to reftor of St, I’atiJ’i.

52I 18». 2id. to chaplaii* of f. c, marlhalf. 42l. 6s. 7d. to chaplain at Charicmont. 50l. to under V.br*TV.vn.

50l. 15s. to vicar o( Cal* tMcuuck.

12I to intnif-tcr of St. Janie:-*?.

4 11. 7Jd to vicar *»f St. Amtiew’.i. ltd. 6b. 2(1. , to rcclot of t-t. Michun’s. 1RI 5b. 6d. to archbishop of Dublin.

3I, 15s. to b. of Meath.

47l. 6a. Sd. to dean, kc. of Cliriil eh. f*uo(. ro city of Dublin.

15-0. to Trim col. 2iiof. tu pro* hfioiMtol French, German and Iial. I»ngu:ig«. Uol. 13s. to loyal Jr i'll

academy.

52I ipb. 2]d. to attendant on nautical observatory.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

that is to fa)', the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds to the French conformist minister of the united congregation of St. Patrick’s, Dublin; the sum of one hundred pounds to the French ministers at Cork; one hundred and eighty pounds to the French ministers at Lisburn, Dundalk, and Innithannon, at sixty pounds each; one hundred pounds to the French ministers at Waterford and Portarlington, at fifty pounds each: fifty pounds to the minister of the congregation of German protestants in Dublin; twenty pounds to the ordinary or chaplain of the new prison for the time biim;, for visiting the sick prisoners in the several prisons in Dublin; fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings and two-pence halfpenny to the rector of Saint Paul’s, for attending the sick in the barrack of Dublin; -fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings and two-pence halfpenny to the chaplain attending the prisoners in the four-courts marshalsea; forty-two pounds six shillings and seven-pence to the chaplain to the garrison of Charlc-mont; thirty pounds to the under library keeper; fifty pounds and fifteen shillings to the vicar of Cafileknock, in lieu of tythe and glebe land in the Phoenix-park; twelve pounds to the minister of Saint James’s, for the like; forty-one pounds and seven-pence halfpenny to the vicar of Saint Andrew’s, for minister’s money payable out of houses and grounds whereon the parliament-house (lands; ten pounds six shillings and two-pence to the rector of Saint Michan’s, for minister’s money; eighteen pounds five shillings and six-pence to the archbishop of Dublin, for proxies out of divers churches; three pounds fifteen drillings to the bidrop of JVlcalh out of the manor of Trim; forty-seven pounds fix drillings and eight-pence to the dean and chapter and vicars choral of Christ-ch'urch; eight hundred pounds to the lord mayor and citizens of Dublin; three hundred and eighty-eight pounds fifteen drillings to the provost and fellows of Trinity college; one hundred pounds to the professor of the French and German languages in Trinity college; one hundred pounds to the professor of the Spanish and Italian languages at Trinity college; one hundred and sixteen pounds thirteen shillings to the royal Irish academy, for rent of an house; and fifty-two pounds eighteen drillings and two-pence halfpenny to the attendant on the nautical observatory.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXI. And be it enacted, That out of the aids and fnp-plies- aforesaid, there shall and may be iffned and paid the sum of forty-six thousand six hundred pounds to the several public boards'in manner herein after mentioned, thit is to say, the sum of twenty-one thousand six hundred pounds to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures for the following purposes, that is to fav, the sum of two thousand pounds for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, to encourage the railing of sufficient quantities of hemp and flax in this kingdom; the further sum of two thousand pounds for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munfier, and Connaught; and the further sum of fevcu thousand two hundred and fifty pounds for one year to die twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, to encourage the growth of flax in this kingdom; the sum of ten thousand three hundred and fifty pounds for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, to be by the said trustees applied in such manner as shall appear to them to be most conducive to promote and encourage the said manufactures, the said sum to be in the place and Head of alike sum paid to them out of the produce of the duties on teas and coffee; the film of five thousand pounds to the hoard of first fruits for building nctv churches, and rebuilding old churches in such pari flics as no public service has been performed in for twenty years kill past, and for the encouragement of building glcbc-honfcs on such terms as they Hi:i 11 think fit; the sum of five thousand five hundred pounds to the Dublin Society for the improvement of husbandry and other ufefnl arts in Ireland, to be applied in such manner as shall be directed by parliament, for one year to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; the sum of ten thousand pounds to the corporation for paving, clcanling, and lighting the streets of Dublin, that is to say, the sum of five thousand pounds to be by them expended in paving, lighting, and elennfing the said ftrccts for one year to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, to he in place and Head of a like sum paid to them out of the produce of the duties on carriages;

1 2 and

4^5,6oj1 to public ho.tuli, vi/,

2 Co

liniM and hempen tin-mifactmv.s for following purp

for hemp 2.1.1 iliK.

2o:>ol. for ‘ hempen an.I tl r;:n in t:ui-f.iCtilvcs in

h:i.iilcr,

M-mller.nuI

C.m.nug'ltti

ani 7ij'.»l. m

c.icouta^c

growth of

thx.

10,;? 50l. lo be applied in belt manner by’ milled, in Hcu of pto-(luce of teji and coffee.

5000b lo board of fit ft fruits.

5500]. lo

Dublin Ib-ciety.

10,ooool. to corporation for paving,

4500l. to

commissioncTS

ofwideftrcets.

49,9051. for hospitid:; mul fckools.

rjcicol. to

iitccrpmtful

society*

9300). to Ivjfpiu.L

11707l. to hour.' of imltillrv, of v.l.IJi jocol. to be I’.jipliul to pay n&ting govci non.

jccol to lii-bvrninn ma-iji:c fucicty.

2 cool. t(

!:t ri«i;,n

Mmk/1.

lu-

xSf si. to

M {Intulantl l'.cl:-hospital.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and a further sum of five thousand pounds towards enabling them to discharge the extraordinary expences to be incurred during the time aforesaid; and the sum of four thousand five hundred pounds to the commissioners for making wide and convenient firects in the city of Dublin, towards enabling them to discharge the interest due on the principal sum, for which certificates have been issued by them for the purchase of grounds and houses for opening the avenues on the north fide of the river Liffey.

XXII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iluied and paid the sum of forty-nine thousand nine hundred and five pounds for the use of the several public hospilals and fc’nools in manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, the sum of thirteen thousand pounds to the incorporated society, as full provision for supporting the Protestant charter schools for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; the sum of nine thousand three hundred pounds to the governors of the foundling hospital and work-house, towards enabling them to pay off the debts by them contra fled for the use of that charity, and towards supporting their necessary expences to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one; the futn c.f eleven thousand seven hundred and seven pounds to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the sup'port of the house of industry, in" aid of charitable contributions for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, one thousand pounds thereof to be applied to the payment of salaries to (lie afling governors of that charity, in such manner as the lord lieutenant of this kingdom shall dircrfl; tile sum of one thousand pounds to the Hibernian marine society, towards suppoiting that charity for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; the ft’.m of two thousand pounds to the governors of the Hibernian school, for the support of that clrniity for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; the sum of four thousand eight hundred and ninety eight pounds to the Weflmoiland-iock-hospitnl, towards supporting that charity for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and 2 one;

The Fortieth Year of George III. 37

one; and any sum not exceeding the sum of eight thousand A. p.

pounds, towards defraying the charge of the full establish- ' ^00'

ment of the Roman catholic seminary for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and 3°°°*

OI1C. lick seminary.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the said aids and supplies H.m M provided as aforesaid, shall be ifiucd and applied to the nfes, ;('j jcJ intents, and purposes in this act mentioned; and also to the P1"*1' payment or compensation heretofore allowed for, or in lieu

of the prizageand butlerage of wines, and shall not be issued, p,;sage-or applied to any other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

XXIV. And whereas in compliance with a resolution of Redial of the house of commons of Ireland, of the fifteenth day of "jdtdS August, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven bun- for granting

0 petition to

dred and eighty, and an address presented to the then lord lieu* G. Gam-tenant of this kingdom, his Majesty, by his letter bearing ^'’Augiifti date the twentieth day of December in the said year one '7So-thousand seven hundred and eighty, was graciously pleased to grant to George Gamble esquire, a pension of three hundred pounds per annum, in trust to pay thereout one hundred pounds a year, to Sarah Norman, widow, his filler, to continue during his Majesty's pleasure: and whereas the said George Gamble was, in the month of June, in the year one He m,kni--.i thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, killed in discharge of his duty as a loyal subject, in the rebellion which then ‘'‘A-raged in this kingdom, by which the said pension granted to him ceased; now we your Majesty's faithful subjects the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, thinking it reasonable that the said one hundred pounds per annum, of the said pennon allotted for the Paid Sarah Norman, should he continued to her during your Majesty's plc.tfure, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it ilia.ll and may be lawful for your Majesty to give and grant an annui- Aph (,f ty or yearly sum of one hundred pounds to the said Sarah Norman, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, gnmid t, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to man, filler of continue during your Majesty's pleasure, and to be paid and payable quarterly, out of the consolidated fund, any thing ^mmciicnig in an act made in the thirty-third year of your Majesty's t'7<;o, i.a reign, entitled. An act for lie suppori of i';e honor and digni-

Vo l. XX.

K

<y

When it /tall appear by affidavit, before any baron of tx* cluqiter, that T. biffs or debentures have been loll or-deff. royal, and they ter-tify the fame, ofliecis of treasury shall make out duplicates, with permffli* on of lord lieut. on fccn-rity being lodged as hen in direct'd, and (tall pav ji'ii.t ipal and intcrdl.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ty rf your Majesty's crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a chi! hjl cfablijhmint, under certain provisons and regulations to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for Losses which may have accrued to individuals from treasury bills or debentures having been stolen, burned or destroyed, be it ehafled. That in all cases where it shall appear by affidavit before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, who shall interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon, to the satisfaction of such baron, that any treasury hills or debentures have been stolen, loft, burned or destroyed, before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, or that there is good reason to believe that the fame have been stolen, loft; burned or destroyed. the respective officers of the treasury appointed to make forth such treasury bills or debentures; or to pay the same upon producing a certificate of any of the said barons, of such affidavit or affidavits being made before him, which affidavit or affidavits any of the said barons -shall take, and which certificate they shall grant without fee, and on security being given to your Majesty, your heirs or successsors, to the good liking of the said officers, to indemnify him or them against all other persons for the money specified in such treasury hills or debentures, and -with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief, governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall make foi th duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with tite inlerett which hath accrued on the original treasury bills or debentures so stolen, loft, burned or destroyed, and such inlerett as shall accrue

in the same manner, as they would have paid and uncharged the said original treasury bills and debentures, and the intc-rest thereof, if the fame had not been stolen, loft, burned or destroyed.

l.tfwd"8’

XXVI. And be it enacted, That after such proof as afore-flmfUonof said shall be made of the dealing, loss or deflrudion of any

dd'cnturtt.

c» t. bills debenture or treasury bill, the lame shall be notified by ad-

tlmw^riililltli-" vertisement in the Dublin Gazeuc, or in one or more public

«t in Dublin newspaper or newspapcis published in Dublin, rieferibing the

oilier Dublin particulars of such debentures and treasurybills with the number

"^[fourlnim or numbers with which they are respectively numbered; which

"rlhty 6 advertisement be continued on thice days of publication

limit bn vuij. of

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of such newspaper or newspapers, and if within six years after such publication, a claim in writing shall not be made on the teller of his Majesty's exchequer on account of any such 'debenture or treasury bill so described, and proof made that the person or persons holding the fame had a just nnd legal light and title thereto, such debentures and to afary bills shall be null and void, and every person whosoever shall be difiiharged and indemnified from all claim and demand touching the fame, and the duplicate of every such debenture and taeafury bill shall be of the fame force and effeift as the original debenture or treasury bill in lieu of which the fame was issued, and the security given by the person or persons who shall have obtained the duplicates of such debentures or treasury bills shall be void, and shall be delivered to the person or persons who entered into the same.

XXVII. And be it etiafled. That if at any time before the debentures or treasury bills which shall have been so proved to have been stolen, lost or mislaid, shall become void as aforesaid, such debentures or treasury bills shall be found, and be delivered to the officers of the treasury to be cancelled, then the security which shall have been given to indemnify such officers in respect of such debentures or treasury bills, shall be void, and they shall be given up to the person or persons who shall have entered into the same.

XXVIII. And whereas several debentures and treasury bills have been heretofore proved in manner aforesaid, to have been lost or destroyed, and duplicates of such debentures and treasury bills have been made out and delivered to the persons claiming the fame, upon their having given security to indemnify the persons and officers who made out such duplicates, from any demand on account of the debentures and treasury bills so lost or destroyed; be it enacted, That if within fix ye-rs from the publication in the Dublin Gazette, and in one or more public newsp-iper or newspapers published in Dublin, of any notice of the loss of any debentures or treasury bills, such notice describing the particulars of such debentures or treasury bills, a claim in writing shall not be made on the teller of his Majesty's exchequer on account of any such debenture or treasury bill so described, and proof made that the person or persons holding the fame had a just and legal right and title to such debenture or trea-

K a fury

39 A.D. 1800. Chap. '3.

mc» dt-bcnturcsorT. bills arc found before time for becoming void, securittct may be givci<

If claim for debenture* nxl T. bills be not made within 6 )cars after notice of

loss, published

in Dublin Gazette, and other paper, and proof made, See. they shall lie mill and void, and duplicate shall be of full force.

4® The Fortieth Year of George III.

A. ' D. fury tfill, every such debenture and treasury bill shall be null 1800. and void, and every person whosoever shall be discharged and indemnified from all claim and demand touching the fame; and the duplicates of every such debenture and trea-

fury bill shall be of the fame force and effect as the original

debenture or treasury bill, in lieu of which the fame was if-. sued, and the security given by the person or persons who shall have obtained the duplicates of such debentures or trea-. fury bills shall be void, and shall be delivered to the person or persons who entered into the same.

Thtj aft

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered,

jnay be altered t

'« repealed. . varied, or repealed by any act or acts to’be made, in this present session of parliament.

CHAP. IV.

At dfl for granting for one Year the fveral Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the />rti-eles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies, and for ether Furpcfes therein mentioned.

Monthly lie twtn'yfcin-lh fty of M:\rch, one tlwfnnj chftl h'lidrcti, jv>y.:/ if »t nivat.

;t)!lb G'A't !i!‘.I !> t U X. P.ueL.

[Preamble.]

3,3 ?4 men t'f be maintained from 31 March ltfco, to t April, 1801, etc. and

above ucco men.

r'E your Majesty's most dutiful and Im-al fibiedls, the commons of Ireland, in parliament rift'cinhlcci, havin'’ a just sense of your total care of nil your fuhjcfis, and well knowing that the security and profpetity of this realm depend upon the support of your Maj; fly's government, mofl 'humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confirm of the loids spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prelim parliament aflerr.bled, and by the authority of the same, tint three thousand two hundred and thirty-four men, commiflienetl and non-cotnmif-stoned officers included, over and above twelve thousand effective men, which arc necess.irv to be maintained in this kingdom for its defence, be maintained for one year, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the first day of Aptil, cnc thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 41

II. And whereas it is neeefiary to carry into' execution A.D. your Majesty's intentions andf determined resolution fighified 4>

to us by his excellency.'lord viscount Towns.nd, bte Lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command to raiyMie«p keep within this kingdom for the 'necessary defence of the ^onthnnTy"in fame, twelve thousand efledlive men, commissioned'and non- tla-ki.igm'm, commissioned officers included, at all times, unless in cases iaf< of inv> of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain: and whereas it bciHo'n in"o. may be expedient in the present litnation of affairs, that a h.ium. further number of men, not exceeding thirty-three thousand A further eight hundred and thirty-nine men, commissioned and non- jjs.on,", commissioned officers included, be maintained for the inter- "."'t’-

ittry for m-

nnl defence of this kingdom, from die thirty-first day of ’cnial de-March, one thousand eight hundred, to the full day of April, v M:,rcti one thousand eight hundred and one, To as the forces on the cSafclishment of this kingdom may amount to forty-nine thenifaftd and seventy-three effective men, commissioned and ciu l,ent iiofiicommissioned officers included, in order to enable your ma' Majesty to carry the said purposes into execution, and to defray the other necessiry expences of your Majesty's go-' vernment, it will be necess.iry to gtnnt the several duties herein after mentioned; be it enacted, thtt from and after Fromms the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March \Vhich shall be in the 1 o*.

J J,; I Id- on mi-

year one thousand eight hundred and one, inrlufive, and iminii-xi no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, -collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty., your heirs and successors, upon the several goods wares, and merchandizes mentioned, and set forth in the several fciieduics or tables marked A.B. C, hereunto annexed, which fha'11 be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the same are reflectively described and set forth in figures in the said schedules or tables marked A.B. G; and that there Hull also f "’"V,

r Icncdi'cH.

be granted and paid to your Majesty* yoiir heirs and fuc- to be putfl. ceflors, during the time aforesaid, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes mentioned and set forth in the schedule marked D, hereunto also annexed, not being cotnprifed in the said schedules A.B. C, and which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the fattie ate respectively described and set forth in the said schedule or table marked D; and that there shall he also granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs Vol. XX L and

TThe 'Fortieth Teir-sf’ George III. A.D. 1800.

: 1800 ' Char. 4.

Additional duties to be . paid on i'weet scent<, perfumes,

tooth powder, pomatum, &c. on ? importation.

and successors, during the time aforesaid, upon every packet, box, bottle, pliiai, or other erielofure, containing any povt’-ders, pastes, balls, balsams,ointments,- oils, waters, wadies, tinctures, irffences, liquors, or other 'preparations, idistinguillied ' by the name of Aveet feents, odours, perfumes, or cofme-

ticks, mixed or unmixed with other materials, used, or to be used'by any person as Aveet feents, odours, perfumes, or cofmelieks j also upon every packet., box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure, containing any dentifrice powder, tincture, or

1 other preparation uhatsoever, for the teeth or gums; and; also upon every roll, cake, or piece,' packet, box, pot, or other enclosure of-anypomatum, ointment, or other preparation

for the hair, which shall be imported into this kingdom, during the time afuref.iid, over and above such. duties as by any of the said fcliednles hereunto annexed, such goods, and arti-

cles arc made1 subject to on the importation thereof, the additional rates and duties following, that is to say, upon- 'every of the said articles which shall not exceed the value of eight

pence each, a duty of one penny, and upon, every' of such articles which shall exceed the value of eight-pence each, and; shall not exceed the value ot one shilling, a duty of one penny halfpenny; and upon every of such articles-which shall exceed the value of one shilling each, and not exceed the value

of two shillings and six-pence, a- duty, of threepence; and upon evirv of such articles which shall exceed the value of two shillings and six pence each, and shall be under five shillings each, a duty of six pence; and upon every of such articles which shall be of, or exceed the value of five shillings,

a duty at the rate of one shilling for every five shillings of the AcMitional value thereof; and for and upon every enclosure containing r'fU?*"wder- an>’ l'a'r powder, the price whereof shall not exceed two shillings the pound weight, a duty of one penny -for every pound over and above all other duties, pity able thereon, and 6 per cert. f° in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and that *'K'rc a'f° granted to your Majesty, your heirs and

liy H'nikis successors, during the time.aforesaid, upon all goods, wares, ereept lug.r. and merchandizes, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, by any person being a retailer or consumcr, in ready money, without any discount or allowance, an additional duly, after the rate of six pounds 'per centum

20. ru ton ii*i 1 1

;t(i(Htini*ai <n on the duties payable thereon respectively, over and above the cxcqf cra. full an ount of such dntus, except sugars; and that there' tier,ami (1 all be also granted, inifed, collc£\cd, levied, and paid to

your

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, for and upon every ship, vessel, or other bottom trading to this kingdom from any country whatsoever, except coasters, and also except coal ships trading to the port of Dublin, a duty of two-pence per ton over and above all other duties made payable on the tonnage thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That the respective duties by this act imposed on any goods and merchandize imported into this kingdom, shall be paid upon all such articles* h liich, after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand/dglit hundred, shall be entered on bill of view or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said icvcral duties

V,

mentioned, in the said fevrral frhcdules A.B. C.D. to be paid on the importation of the several goods, wares and merchandizes therein respectively mentioned into this kingdom; and the several fttms of money, 'nnd duties of inland excise in the Tchedule marked G, hereunto annexed, shall from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand' ei^ht hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thonfmd eight hundred and one, and no longer, be respectively paid, i.i lieu and full satisfaction of all culloms, subsidies, and duties whatsoever, payable by any person not being a retailer or coniVner, upon the importation of such goods, wares, and meich.tndi £cs into this kingdom, on which such duties upon importation arc imposed, except the duties payable upon coals, by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth year of your Mijofty’s reign, entitled. An aff fr continuing and amending an act, fjflid in the twsniy-second year of his Majestys reign, entitled. An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by snaking wide

the

except coal vtffil-ls in p jrt of Dub*. Jill.

D.niea by this net ibatt he paid t>u all funds entered drur s; bUixlu

Duties m A, 11, C, D.

cn imputation.

and exi-ife t*u-; tic.: in G,

/(tail be in lieu of all others -from' 2$ Much, I Boo, to March,

t Kg i, except ilatyon coals l»y 23 and t'x G. 3 and

umm ember,

bi'c’c , jl.n.es, f.(N by 3 ’ G.

3*

and convenient poffaget through the fame, and Jir reg\ coal trade thereof, and for other purpfer, and except the duties payable upon timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds. Haves, 'bricks, blocks of marble, and all kinds of Hone, which shall arrive in any ship or vessel in the port or harbour of Dublin,"or in the harbour of Dunleary, by an act passed in 1 the thirty-second year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for repah ing and profit ving the waits rf the liver Anna Lijfey, in the city of Dublin, and for amending an act p-ifled in the ttventy-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its'fort and harbour more commodious, and of said several duties of excise, by vir-rue of any law or laws heretofore made, and shall be severally La paid

44

i8to. Chap. 4,

27>J. nir Hu cf liuty on Tobacco, and 7300I, of *5uty on teas il>all be part of hereditary

ICVt'IIlKa

2s,'fid. for irvery cnliy

-inwards or outwards in port of Dublin, except poll entries and coals

‘Prices elf 'teas and fu-gara from !the Eall l-n-diti to be in* fence in cockct?, and further ascertained a* {herein dU .-reded*

Drawback* in A.B. C.D. shall be allowed on ex* partition

The Fortieth Year of George III. paid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, save that ready money shall fiot be paid upon the goods, the duties upon which are or shall by law be clireeled to be bonded.

V. And be it enacted, That in cases where the duties by this,ad imposed on tobacco imported into this kingdom shall be paid, then the sum of two-pence halfpenny for every pound weight thereof, and also so much of the produce of the duties arising liponteas, as shall amount ta the sum of seven thousand three hundred pounds, shall be deemed in idle account to be kept f your Majesty's hereditary revenue, as Tpaft of your Majesty's hereditary revenue.

VI. And be it enacted, That -there shall be paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, for and upon every entry inwards which shall be made-in the port of Dublin,'during the time aforesaid, except poll entries, and entries of coals, and on eihty entry outwards in the said port, a duty of two shillings and six-pence, over and above all duties <or fees now payable by law or usage for the same.

VII. And for the better ascertaining 'the jifiite of teas, and of all sugars, being of the growth -amt produce of the East Indies, imported into this kingdom from threat Britain, according to Which the duties are imposed thereon, be it enacted, That the price of all teas and all sugars imported be inferred in the ockets, and that such price be further ascfertained by a reference to the fide books of the East India company, copies whereof, or of such parts thereof as shall relate to the teas and sugars so importe.d, attested by the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being -of the East India company, the commissioners of the revenue are required to procure from time to time for the purpose aforesaid, and which copies being verified by affidavit, made before the Lord Mayor of London for the time being, and being attested by a notary public at the city of London, shall without further proof either of the said affidavit, or of the said copies, be admitted as evidence in all lulls commenced; or arising upon this act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That upon the exportation of (Ite-several goods, wnres, and merchandizes, mentioned' in the schedules.marked A.B. G, D, the several drawbacks of the said

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

said duties shall be paid and allowed, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedules marked A.B. C.D. and that the whole of the said duties shall be drawn back on such of the said goods, wares, and merchandizes, as are by the said schedules, or by the titles of the said schedules expressed to be entitled to such whole drawbacks, save as to imported herrings and salt, and unless otherwise directed by this act, or by any other act to be passed this session of parliament, provided that such goods be exported within three years from the importation thereof; and in cases of coaches and chariots, that the fame be exported within twelve months from the importation thereof, and that due proof be made of the entry of such goods, and of the payment of the duties thereon, and that all other requisites have been performed which by law are required to be performed for obtaining drawbacks, and in such cases such drawback shall, without any fee or dedudion, be paid by the several collectors at the ports of exportation, within one month after demand, out of any money arising out of any aids or duties by them collected.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon all tobacco manufactured in this kingdom which shall be exported, there shall be allowed, by way of drawback or compensation for the duty by this act charged and paid on import of the leaf tobacco whereof it was manufactured, and for the excise duty by this act charged thereon, the sum of ten-pence for every pound weight of such manufactured tobacco, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco paid the import and inland or excise duty made payable by this act.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no drawback of any duty on any goods, wares, or merchandizes which shall be exported from this kingdom, shall be paid, unless the proofs necessary for obtaining such drawbacks be made, and the drawback claimed within two years from the time of the flapping of such goods for exportation.

XI. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid on the importation into this kingdom of any of the articles specified in any of the said schedules to be duty free, nor upon any woods for dyers use, nor upon any raw or unpressed seal skins taken by the crews of vessels belonging to and fitted out

(except her-rhijfs ami fill} within 3 years after importation

Coaches ana elm tints to k: exported within 12 mouths.

Ctilkvlorc tt* pay drawback; within t month after demand.

ind. per lb. drawback on exportation of tobacco manufactured in Ireland.

Drawbacks to !).* cl.liir.rrl, and ptoof< made within z years after

Articles exempted from duty on im.KHUtio.i

The Fortieth Year of George II'.

A.D. 1800.

I fico. Chap. 4.

No t.uly on lnfit Ixer or ale.

No duty on itnpovta-. ttod of cotton-wool, IF duly entered, and landed in j'vefence of

fW.r.ticion

of ir.anufrc-tnrer. i;» fdie-dulc J:, flitiU be paid

rjfu on i:n-poUattou of baik,.

pKnintii’S pa»! by co!-

j’tdjl'S.

Duties in C, and K, to ! 1 paid 0:1 exportation.

from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, whereof the captain or mailer, and three-fovnths of the mariners at least shall he of your Majesty's subjects, or by persons employed by the matters or owners of such vettVIs, nor upon any raw iilk of the growth or culture of America,

XII. And be it enacted, That no duly shall be paid during the time aforesaid on any beer or ale brewed within this kingdom.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import and bring into this kingdom, in ships or vessels navigated according to law, from any port or place whatsoever, any sort of cotton-wool’ without paying any duty whatsoever for the fame, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided never-thclcfs, that a due entry of such cotton wool shall be made in the custom-houfo belonging to the port where the fame tt'.ail be imported, in the same manner and form, and expressing the quantities thereof as heretofore used and practised, and that such goods shall be landed in the presence of the proper officer appointed for that purpose, otherwise such goods shall bo liable to the payment of the fame duties as would have been due and payable for the fame if this act had not been made.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the foveral and respectivs bounties and allowances mentioned and expressied in the schedule marked F, hereunto annexed, shall be paid upon the exportation of the several manufactures of this kingdom specified in the said schedule, as in the said schedule is mentioned, favc as may be otherwise provided by any nit passed in this session of parliament, and that the respective bounties mentioned in the said schedule upon bark imported into this kingdom shall also be paid.

XV. And be it enacted, That such bounties and allowances tt.a!l be paid by the collector of the port where such goods shall be ftiipped for exportation out of any monies in his hands.

XVI. And be it enacted, That for and upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes mentioned in the schedules or tables marked C, and E, hereunto annexed, which shall be exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, there shall be ailed, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Majesty, your heirs and successors. the several duties mentioned in the f-,id schedules or tables, in lieu and full satisfaction of all subsidies and duties payable on the exportation of such wares and merchandizes from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, and no longer; and upon the . foreign spirits in the schedule hereunto annexed, and marked C, which shall, during the time aforesaid, be exported from this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in Ainctica or the West Indies, or to any British settlement on (lie coast of Africa, there shall be paid for every gallon thereof the duties in the said schedule respectively mentioned.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no substd y or duty v.hat-soever shall be payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, upon the exportation of any goods or merchandize, the produce or manufacturec of this kingdom, not mentioned in the said schedules marked C and E, except the alnage duties.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no custorn, fubfijy, or duty whatsoever shall be payable on the export of logwood of the growth or produce of the British settlements in America or the West Indies, provided the fame be exported in British or Irifi) shipping, nor upon any lead ore exported to Great Britain.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the exportation of any flour, or upon any rape seed oil, made and ma-nufadured in this kingdom, or upon any fi.h which shall be cured in this kingdom; and that no duty whatsoever shall be payable on the exportation of gold and silver bullion or foreign coin, cut or uncut, to any place whatsoever, except to the Britishi settlements on the coast nf Africa, or the British plantations in America or the West Indies; nor shall any entry whatsoever on the exportation of such bullion or coin, except to the Britishi settlements on the coast of Africa, or the British plantations in America or the West Indies, be required or demanded for the fame by any otlicer of your Majesty's revenue, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided that dll such goods and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of this kingdom, as may he exported without paying any duty, touching which no special provisiou is

M Z mads

Xo duty, except a!-liagi, fiJ! I c paii! on ox* portition of pH'tlllv".’ <.f t!ii. votiiUiy hot ItU'iilitiilCll ill c, Old 1\

Nj toon export I’l’ logwood the produce of H. settle« mails ift:i rriti:!i or TrilU veflVII; nor upon lead ore to G. Britain.

N'o duty on export of Irish flour or r.tpc feed oil, or tub;

no duty on bullion or forrign com except to Bu- tish settle-mvi.ts nor any entry made tbcirof, except to 1) settlement.

48 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

made by any law, may be exported, so that due entry of such

*kc0- goods and merchandize be first made at the custoro-house of the port where the same shall be exported, which entry shall

Mc^duiy exPrc^s *he quantity and quality of the respective goods so

0:1 txnorta- to be exported, and shall be made in all respects in the fame

ing which no manner as wasufed and practised in respect of any goodsex-

fcn'iiST Porte<^ before the making of this act, and so as the fame

nscStuinter- be shipped by the proper officer for that purpose, and so as c d as limit! ’ . r r t

dir<f.cd, and that the exporter oo'nrlt make oath, or it a known quaker Suoatioif" a f°kmn affirmation before the customer, comptroller, or o-madebyex- ther chief officer of such port, which oath or affirmation

porters. 1_. . rt

‘ such officer is hcrehy required and empowered to administer,

: that such goods are of Irish manufacture or produce, and in default of performing such reqaifites, or any of them, such goods and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of this kingdom, shall be liable to the payment of duties as if this act had not been made, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Iufa'id du-

tics marked

in schedule

G, to be paid.

Idccnfia in /elicdulc G, fliciU be in force until 45th March iSor, imiefs 01 livnviTc provided.

6s. 6d. per band allotted on exportation of malt upon performance of requisites.

XX. And be it enacted, That there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and sucessors, during the time aforesaid, and no longer, upon rbe several goods, wares, merchandizes, articles, and things mentioned, set forth, and described in the schedule marked G, hereunto annexed, the several Aims of money and duties of inland excise as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the several licenses mention-oned in the said schedule marked G, on which the respective duties mentioned therein are to be paid, (ha'll continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer, save only as hath been or shall be by law otherwise directed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to every person exporting malt out of this kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by this act shall have been paid, a drawback of six shillings and six-pence for every barrel thereof, by the collector of the port from which such malt shall be exported, out of any money in his hands; or if such malt shall be exported within the time allowed by law for the payment of the duties thereon, then the charge upon such malt shall be vacated for so much as shall be exported, upon the

The Fortieth Year of George III. 49

the person or persons exporting the fame performing regularly' A. O. the fame requilites, and complying with the fame regulations Q]*a °^ and rcfiritlions, as are to be made and observeri by persons ex- v—

porting any article whereon any bounties or drawbacks are payable for obtaining the fame

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all spirits distilled within 2s.fiM. per this kingdom which shall be shipped for exportation, and for cmmatLn which any allowance or drawback shall be claimed, shall be 2p;r;(, of a strength not let's than a strength equal to five degrees, or (txu-ptto G.

i i r , i " - liritiiin. Kit-

ten per centum, unner hydrometer proof, and the person or ro or Ferro).

persons who ft all export the same to any place except Great aJcn^ii i,cro. Britain, or the islands of Farro or Ferro, in the manner >’ tiefcribid. herein after directed, shall be entitled to, and shall receive two shillings and six-pence halfpenny for every gallon of such spirits, and of such degree of strength so to be exported, as and for a drawback of the whole excise paid for the same, which shall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given on such export, any act crafts to the contrary not-tvithstanding.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if the spirits so to be Additioiui exported shall be of a greater strength than of live degrees proportion to under hydrometer proof, there stall be paid a further draw-

back after the rate of three-pence farthing per gallon, over and above the sum of two shillings and six-pence halfpenny track not to for every four degrees which the same shall exceed the strength pergj|ion.7<) before mentioned, and foin proportion, for any greater or 1 els quantify: provided always, That no drawback on any one gallon of spirits, shall exceed in the whole the sum of three shillings and seven pence.

XXV. And be it enacted, that over and above the said A furtiicr drawback on all spirits distilled within this kingdom, and a which shall be shipped for exportation, there shall be allowed and paid to the person or persons exporting spirits made made of Irish and distilled from malt made of corn; of the growth or barley dun produce of this kingdom, when the price of barley ascertain-rd in the manner fpreifird, in an act passed in the twenty- barrel-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An aEi for regulating the corn trade, promoting agriculture, ami providing a regular and Jleady fttpply of corn in this kingdom, and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and fucaffors tie duties therein mentioned, shall not exceed thirteen shillings Vot. XX. N and

Drawbacks allowed on tanned leather.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and six-pence the barrel, a bounty of four pence for every gallon of such spirits, out of such monies as are liable to the payment of the bounties on corn exported, attd by the same rules and regulations, and subject to the fame fe-curitics, exceptions, restrictions, penalties and forfeitures, as are enacted with respect to the bounties on corn exported.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That there (bail he allowed and paid to every person exporting tanned hides and skins, and pieces of tanned hides and skins, or any manufacture of tanned hides or thins, the several drawbacks following, as a compel.fation for the duty charged thereon by the schedule G, hereunto annexed that is to say, upon every such hide and skin, or piece of such hide or skin tanned, the sum of one penny for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof; and upon any manufacture whereof tanned leather is the most valuable part, the sum of one penny halfpenny, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof.

XXVIf. And be it enacted, that nothing in this act contained, shall extend to repeal or alter the duties upon spirits

Kothing i» tltii art (lull

dmin upon'" or strong-waters, payable by virtue of an act passed in the Bbbi'y'Tj's: 'Idrtcentii and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, en-H G-3- titled, An act for continuing and amending three several tiffs, one passed in the reign of his late Majesty King George the J'econd, and the other two in his present Majesty's reign, for making ike river Lagan navigable, and opening a communication by water between Lough Neagh, and the town of Belfast, and for enabling the commissioners therein named to raise money by assignment of [aid duties, for the more expeditious and effectual carrying on J,aid work, nor to effect any drawback of the said duties thereby allowed.

Application

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties im-of dimes posed by this act on all foreign spirits imported into this king-

and the duty on all Aqua yiteo, spirits, and strong

hereby iropof-erci on foreign doill,

du'r(ti|: wc- waters, made and diddled in this kingdom, and the duties

!r.d 3 this act ini posed on malt, and the duties by this aCI im-

ki:iui’um;wid p0fed on sugar and tobacco imported and manufactured,

ami icLnccu. shall be applied to the payment of the interest of the feve-

ral principal sums due or to be due, on debentures and trea-

fury bills issued, or to be issued, and to the payment of the

interest of such of the said debentures as have, or shall have been converted into flock transferable at the bank of Ireland,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

land, and to the payment of the interest of the sums borrowed, or to be borrowed in England, and made flock transferable at the bank of England, and to the payment of the interest and charges of the several Aims paid, and which shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and to the payment of the life and other annuities, as directed by any act or acts of parliament passed during this session.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That so much of the duties by this aifl imposedon raw and untanned hides exported, and on linseed oil, chocolate, and cocoa nuts imported, as shall remain after deducing the hereditary duties thereon, Hull be paid and issued by the commissioners of his Majesty's treafory for the time being to the trustees for encouraging the linen and hempen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied towards encouraging the railing of flax seed in this kingdom.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all duties paid to, and all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufacture, shall be exempted from the payment of all fees, and that all issues made from your Majesty's treasury for the regimental pay of, and allowances to your Majesty's regular and militia forces, and for defraying the charges of the several district corps in this kingdom, shall be exempted from the fees of pells, and poundage, and hospital fees.

XXXI. And be it enacted, that the several sums granted by this act, or any other act of parliament now of force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the raising of sufficient quantities of flax-feed and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen manufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munster and Connaught, shall be applied to such purposes only, and no other, and that a separate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer, of the application thereof, and to he laid before parliament.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all monies to arise from the said duty of two shillings and fix-pence, upon every entry inwards and outwards in the port of Dublin, except as aforesaid, shall be received by the collector of the said port, whb is hereby authorized to demand and receive the same, and be by him paid at the receipt of his M.ijctly’s

N 2 exchequer;

Ilelidne of duties oti r.nv hides, and on Uufccd oil, chocolate^ atvl cocoa nuts, liuli he applied to ill/ iu:f-t'lir ot ihx-j'ccti.

Sitmt paid to linen and hempen nu-mi Pictures, shall be exempted from fees.

Allowances for military forces exempted from pells, poundage, a«d hospital fee3.

Sums granted for railing fl.ix, and encouraging hempen ma-mduAtirc in L’.inlUr,

M tidier and Connaught, Hull- be applied thereto, onlr.

Duty on entries to be pti I it.tT treasury; and tut. of < lob entry shall l> p ii'1 to tr.dices of r t xelint^c; the tvlidne to the eommrr-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

exchequer and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being shall cause six-pence of the said duty of two shillings and six-pence to be paid to the trustees of the royal exchange in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied

pwy> lor J

yorpofeshere- towards keeping the fame in repair, and towards the discharge ai'id^o'bTac- of the wages of servants employed therein, and the residue counted Ter. 0y faj(j (Juty to the corporation for eroding buildings for commercial purposes, to be by them applied towards discharge of the interest of such monies as have been borrowed, or shall be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole thirteen thousand pounds, for eredinj

and finishing the said buildings, to and for no

and towards discharge of the principal, and other purpose, to be accounted for before the commissioncis of imprest accounts.

All cam-

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no cambricks or lawns,

bricks or

lawns, or gold nor gold, or fiiver lace, except of the mannfadure of Great Britain, shall be imported into this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such cambricks, lawns, and lace, and treble the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the duties, rates, impositions, and taxes, by this act,- or any other act or acts passed, or to be passed this session of parliament, and not hereby, or by any such acts respectively appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular use or uses, pur-jiofe or purposes, shall be carried to, and be part of the fund called the consolidated fund, and that the six-pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable to the lord high treasurer or commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, clerk of the pells, or any other officers of the treasury, upon issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money out of the said consolidated fund, shall be carried to the said consolidated fund in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for accordingly.

No fees to

XXXV. And be it enacted, that neither the six-pence per

be paid on A

issuing pay- pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deduct-rui'or*lm'ut e^’ or received by any officer or officers of the treasury of ties. i-his kingdom, for, or on account of the i-fTning or payment

2 of

or fiiver lare imported, if not britifii, shall be forfeited, and fliiju, &c.

All JtinV.s &c. granted thin session, ami not otherwise appropriated, shall lie carried to conlulidutid fuud.

Fees payable at treasury,

aa herein, shall go to aid of lotifuliJated fund.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of any sum or Aims of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, and appropriated to the payment of the said interest and annuities.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all and every the fevc-ral and respective duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, and not otherwise hereby especially provided for, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed, for the railing, answering, collecting, and paying of duties, and suing for and recovering forfeitures, in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling

All dutivi. penalties, it*, unikrthurtf, and not other* wife provided for (accept to bonding or discoimt)i (halt be r.tifccl as by 14

15 c. 1. or any other law in force( with like remedy of appeal.

of the excise or new in/pofi upon his Majesty, his heirs and fiec-cefihrs, according to the book of rates therein infer! ed, or by any law of force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enabled by this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said a<fi of excise, or any other law or laws now of force relating to the duties of excise is provided.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the several rates and Window duties on windows and lights, mentioned and set forth in the said schedule G. shall be charged and rated, raised, and p>.

° levied under

levied in the same manner, and under the fame powers and amhoriiia

t r r and reputati-

authorities, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are o»s of an act enacted by an act made in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain rates and duties on dwelling-houses inhabited, according to the numbers of windows or lights therein refiedive/y, in respect of the rates and duties on windows and lights therein men- Data* in tioned; and that the several duties on auctions, glass bot- on auctioni,’ ties made of common bottle metal, and on paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for hangings and other uses ing<, shall be mentioned in the said schedule (G.) shall be charged, collcifi- cll3rt>'ul

54 ' ' Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ed, raised, and levied in- the same manner, and.under the same p0Wers anti authorities, regulations, penalties and for* Chap. 4. r

tenures, as are enacted by an act made in the thirty-eighth

38*0 " year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to secure the

24. ami 3<j G. colli ft ion of the duties on au ft ions and on glass bottles made in 3* c. 20. J ' 0 J

this kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or Jlained in lids kingdom, to serve for hangings or other uses; and by another act made in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the colteftion of the duties on male ' fervanls, and to secure the payment thereof, and for the better collection of the duties on fre hearths and on coaches, and other carriages, in ref pc ft of the duties or au ft ions, glass bottles made of common bottle metal, and on paper printed, painted, or f anted, to serve for hangings and other uses therein mentioned; and duties on that the several duties on the liquor called sweets or made

made wines, ..

mead,vinegar, Wines, and on methcglin or mead, and upon vinegar, vine-dide G^aml gat*beer, or l'qu°rs preparing for vinegar, mentioned in the "k'C<MSt° k*'1^ and on licenses to brew or make such fvveets

iiuiiu-raised or made wines, and to make metheglin or mead, and to make ,3f vinegar, also mentioned in the said schedule G, shall be charg-!r.a?i,r*',r<! ®d, raised, collected, and levied in the same manner, and

Duties in fcliultiltr G, payable by persons hawking *rees w icJu'ny mites of Dublin/ felling hooks, $ic. at (lands, feller of glafa bottles, not being makers or importers, persons felling old clothes, pawnbrokers, and retailers of spirits within $ miles

under the fame powers and authorities, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are enacted by an act made in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty the several duties thet ein mentioned on facets or made mines, mead and vinegar, and for securing the collection thereof, in respect of the several duties on the said several articles therein mentioned, unless the same shall be varied or altered, or otherwise directed by any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the several duties mentioned in the said schedule (G,) hereunto annexed, to be paid by persons hawking about trees, shrubs, and plants for sale within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof; and by all persons felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any stand, flail, flied, booth, or other place, not being a part of his or her dwelling-house, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts, or drawings; and by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers thereof;

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any flail, flied, booth, shop, or any other place; and by every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five, miles thereof, for every house in which vied as by 3; said business shall be carried on; by every person felling fpi- unieftother-rits by retail within the said city of Dublin, or within five w,fePrw,iri> miles of the district of the metropolis, shall be levied by such persons, by such ways and means, and under such penalties, rules and directions, powers and authorities, as are cnnfted by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for more effectually freserving the peace within the city of Dublin, and the diJlrict of the metropolis, and establishing a parochial watch within the said city, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the several provisions therein contained for collecting and enforcing the payment of the several duties therein mentioned were re-enacted in this act, unless the fame be otherwise provided for by parliament.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That upon the exportation On w-tyt of any wines in ships belonging to his Majesty's navy for the use of such /hips, and for no other purpose, the whole duty paid upon the import of such wines shall be drawn back,

provided that such wines be so exported within three years navy.and Ur from the importation thereof, and that the like requisites be ral>' performed for obtaining such drawback as are necessary for obtaining other drawbacks allowed by this act, provided that such wine so exported shall not exceed the quantity to be limited for the use of such /hips, according to the rate of the fame, as shall be limited by his excellency the lord lieutenant and council.

XL. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered, va- Th;s may ried or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present bc a,tcrcJ-session of parliament.

0 a

levied as by 38 G. 3. c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

cd, raised,'- and levied in- the same manner, and under the fame powers and authorities, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as are enabled by an act made in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to secure the 24. and 39 G. colleBion of the duties on auBioits and on slafs bottles made in

3. C. 20. y , ' ° J

this kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or Jlained in this kingdom, to serve for hangings or other uses; and by another act made in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the colleBion of the duties on male ferments, and to secure the payment thereof, and for the better colleBion of the duties on fire hearths and on coaches, and other carriages, in respect of the duties or auBions, gifs bottles made of common bottle metal, and on paper printed, painted, or fiained, to serve for hangings and other uses therein mentioned; and that the several duties on the liquor called fiveets or made , wines, and on metheglin or mead, and upon vinegar, vinegar-beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, mentioned in the said schedule G, and on Hcenfes to brew or make such sweets or made wines, and to make metheglin or mead, and to make vinegar, also mentioned in the said schedule G, shall be charged, raised, collected, and levied in the same manner, and under the fame powers and authorities, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are enacted by an act made in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty the several duties therein mentioned on sweets or made wines, mead and vinegar, and for securing the colleBion thereof, in respect of the several duties on the said several articles therein mentioned, unless the same shall be varied or altered, or otherwise directed by any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the several duties mentioned in- the said schedule (G.) hereunto annexed, to be paid by persons hawking about ttces, shrubs, and plants within3mites for sale within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof; felling books, and by all persons felling or exposing to sale within the said MS? city> or m'les thereof, in any stand, flail, tiled, booth, bottles, not or other place, not being a part of his or her dwelling-house,

being makers 1

or importers, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts, or

!;""S drawings; and by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale

?ndo*re'’ wlt*"n fa>d city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles,

of spirita not being respectively the makers or importers thereof; within 5 miles and

Duties on made wines,

mead, vinegar, occ. in lcfic-duk G. and on licenses to make fuel), Hull be raised as by 39 G.

3, c. 32. link-id nthenvife directed.

Duties in fcludule G, payable by The Fortieth Year of George I.

and by' all persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any flail, filed, booth, (hop, or any other place; and by every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five, miles thereof, for every house in which said business shall be carried on; by every person selling spirits by retail within the said city of Dublin, or within five miles of the district of the metropolis, shall be levied by such persons, by such ways and means, and under such penalties, rules and directions, powers and authorities, as are enacted by an act p«ilTed in the thirty-fifth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An att for more effectually preserving the peace within the city of Dublin, and the dislrift of the metropolis, and establishing a parochial watch within the said city, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the several provisions therein contained for collecting and enforcing the payment of the several duties therein mentioned were re-enacted in this act, unless the fame be otherwise provided for by parliament.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That upon the exportation of any wines in fiiips belonging to his Majesty's navy for the life of such ships, and for no other purpose, the whole duty paid upon the import of such wines shall be drawn back, provided that such wines be so exported within three years from the importation thereof, and that the like requisites be performed for obtaining such drawback as are necessary for obtaining other drawbacks allowed by this act, provided that such wine so exported shall not exceed the quantity to be limited for the use of such ships, according to the rate of the fame, as shall be limited by his excellency the lord lieutenant and council.

XL. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

1800. Chap. 4.

of metropolis, shall be levied as by 35 G« 3* c. 4« ' unless otherwise provided.

On whpt condition! duty on wine exported in vessel* belonging to

navy, and for their use, may be drawn back,

This act may

be altered.

0 a

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

57

iS oo. Chap. 4

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein enumerated, whether imported directly from Great Britain, or from other Countries j which Duties so paid are, upon due Exportation thereof within three Years after Import, wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and aftciwards exported to any of the British Plantations in America or the Westlndies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Schedule A. 1 From Great Britain. British. J Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS.

Adzes for coopers, for dozen - - I r 31 -34

/.rgctjj fniall as a bean, the hundred dozen - I. 81- — 3 S': - 3

large, the piece . j The hundred weight, containing i ialb. J ' ——— if for dyers use, free. ! Vide allum in drugs, (roachor romish) 01 - 1 Ik hzj — .— n

Alphabets, the let, containing twenty-four Amber, the pound " 7 i - I 4 7 — 1 5 »i

- Deads, the pound Anchovies, the little barrel, containing fifteen — 2 6‘j — 5 t: — S 6-

pounds of fish - I 102 — 2 I1

Annotto, the pound - if for dyers use, free. ' - __ . 2 2J

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing nalb. - I li —

Apples, the bushel

- dried, or pear?, the barrel - I 4 — a 7a — i yj.

Argal, white or red, or powder, the 112lb. , if for dyers life, free. Allies, vocat.potaflicsjwoodorfoapaflits, free. Vot. XX. P - 1 Hi - 3 J Awl

8

'1 jThe Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

j From Great Britain. From otFcr

18cc\ 1 . Briiim. I-orcign. Coumiies.

Chap. 4. ': INWARDS. oAwl blase, the thousand - ov £ 4

Hafts, the groce - - !-_,0 - 1 71 - 19

Aulgurs, for carpenters, 'the. groce r ' 4 - 5 ii ~ -S 6i

Axe?, or hatchets, the dozen 1 - t: 8, — -[ It

i Babies, or puppets, so: children, the , ! groce,

taining twcl.c dozen —: I - -3 5t <3 »;

Backs for chimnies, iidcirou

Bacon, of England or "Wales, die flitch Gs

- , all foreign bacon and hams, the hundred \vt. containing i1 sib.

Tennis balls, the thousand

L

4

Balls or draw Lite,

Bands of iron for kettles, the hundred weight, containing Mil, -

Bamldving.i, die dozen knots

Barilla, free as allies

Bark, from Eng’nnd, for every ten barrels

- from all other countries, free. j

JBafcct P.ods, three feet about at the band tire; bundle -

: B.ifkctSjVccat.hand-bafl:ets, or fporLy.he dozen -

: Bail ropes, the hundred wt. coimriiing r f 2lb.

r knotted, the dor.cn

[ nlain, the dozen

Baiter}", hafhronci, or ketries, the: iclb.

f Amber, vide amber

Bone the great groce, containing twelve fm.di groce

Bov, tJi-j gre.itgrcce

Cvyllul, the thousand

(f; Coiai, die pound -

Clufs and wood of all forts, the gi eat groce

Gl.-.fs, the small groce cont.dnnig t.vdve dickers

J.ifpjr, square, the hundred Hones Beer, ale and porter, for every gallons . /leer, vecat. Ipruce beer, the gallon J’cll iricr.il, the hundred wt. containing i i alb. Bellows, the pair . Pipes, the grace

8 i'!

4 6

1 —

- 6

- 11

- 2

>9ol

3 10

3 10

7 8-;

3

1 '4

- 6

! 0

7 i

- 3

-I 2;

- 3!

2 n

59

- i,i

- t r '

-i ih — 1*8; -----5

2 I II"

S 5i

- to .4*

- 14 10

- 5 u*

- '7

- 7

- 15

" 5

- 2

- 1

- 10

- 6

- 4 3

6

- 5 >1

I 1A

f ‘ P.’u

- I -2> — 111 6

2; <j:

- 8 51

- 8 -3}

- 16 (iL

- 6 IA

- 1 1»

- I M

- II I

- 9k

5 -°k — 6

Ji

T'j£ Fortieth ' Ye it of George III.

Schedule A.

Vrer.) Great Britain. Lb LII. I Foreign.

INWARDS.

p Chipper bells, the ponuil - - j-

I Dog bells, the graat qto:c, contain);:.: I

£; jj.i uo/en - !-

I JL)rh‘ hello, the grace, comaming \

L i2 dozen

J*i!.hco!;s, the dozen tilt;, for bridles, ti.e dozen c’.e.iing, oi lamp-Mach, the 1121b. pFods, the dozen ( Kmvi'i and forks, the grace Razors, die dozen

I

t Swords, coa.Te, the dozen P.tris mantles, coloured, the mantle

£ ' <l-----21

- t .4

10 2. I O’

Blades for j

; Blir.hcts, , pjrjs mantlet*; or others, uncolour-

rtHMt. £ j]ie

Bod'.-i for btidieSj the small grace, confining 2! dozen

Boo.'ts unbound, the pound weight, avoirdupois

rof giafs, full or empty, the dozen quarts

<-, being vitriol bottles, each

tof ft me, the dozen

Bows, vocat'. stone bows of fled,' die'piece

Bowsfrtve?, the (2o fares

- , in* foreign [hips

ffhv, or timlcr boxes, the grace, contain:

1 ing 12 dozen boxes - - j

Xeft-boxes, the grace, containing twelve,

dozen

<:; Pepper boxes, the grace, containing.

g I tvvklve dozen

I Sand hoxca, the grocc, cnntaihing twelve-

j dozen -

( So;p boxes, the flioek, containing three j lcore boxes

Spire boxer, the dozen

| Tobacco boxes, - the groce, containing I twelve dozen v

[L imps, the dozen -

Laver cods, the pound

Old or (lirulT, the hundred weight, containing 11 lb.

I Piles weight, the pound 1 Seales and weights, the dozen pair [Trumpets, the dozen

- 2 o'

From oP'cr Countries

(' s. d.

3 111

2 3 -I;

- 10 - 1 7?

' 3 Ah

i .4

- 3 1 0

- '* 4

- 'fO 2~

i sy " *5 'a

- in

- 1 -8;

- 4 *1;

- 6

- 2

- I 4

- 2 n- i —.

~ -2 7! " — '3

|0i

cf

- 2 l

- 2 7

- 10 2}

- 2 4

- 2 10 n n

- ij 4

" 3 '5 j— .3 3

1

- 3 loi

- 3 si

- 7

- 1

i> 2

- 6 IO!

- 4 -71

- 2 -71

" 4 j

- 4 3 n

" 7 4t

- > if

- s °, L

- 2 10

- s

- 7 S I- 8 11|

- 3?

- 11

- 3 «}

- 3 4:

59

a n.

1 Sc.o Gup. q. v/'v" \y

i6.o Vhe 'Faftkih Year of George III. A.D. 1800.Schedule A. From Gt Eritifli. eat'Britain. Foreign. Fromother Countries.

Chap. 4. INWARDS. £ £ -t- </ if- '

' f The thousand brick-stones — 2 fi — 4 3 - 4 61

e 0 e J Flanders tiles, tofeourwith, tftethoufam j Galley tiles, the foot, (fix to the foot) li — 8 0} 2i - 8 8 2l

0 Pan tiles, the thousand — 12 -8t — 19 0' I 0 .2

£ (paving tiles, the thousand - 11 9r — ]6 6: - 17 Si

Brimstone,the hundred wt. containing iiilb. — 1 5 — i 5 — i <5

Bridles, rough or umlreft; the dozen pounds ' 8; 8j JO

-, of Muscovy, in foreign' ships — — — I —

-, dreifed, the dozen pounds — I 5 - 1 5 - I 7j

-, of Muscovy, in foreign ships — — - 2 o~

-‘^roaches of latten or copper, the groce containing twelve dozen - i V -3 n — 3 4'z

f Beard brushes, the groce, containing twelve dozen — -— I - 1 8} — I II

p Comb brushes, the groce, con- taming twelve dozen — 1 8t - 3 S3. - 3 H

of hair,; i-jc;u) brushes, the dozen II - 1 8 — Ill

vocat. ) Rubbing brushes, the dozen —» — 2; 4+ ~ 4*

tS 3 li Weavers brushes, the dozen 1 1 »kJ —9

coarse. the dozen ., , ' fine or head brushes, the dozen of neain, 5 -7-95 u

11 — I Si — in

called rubbing brushes, the dozen 0 3 u

I Brailles for hats and clothes, the dozen 8j - ' 33 - 1 .5

-Buckles, for girdles,- the small groce, containing twelve dozen - 2 n - 5 3 - s <5}

for girths, the small groce,.containing twelve dozen — 1 — Ill — id

r Great, the pound <j I — 1 IA

Bugles, L (Small or feed bugle, the pound II - 1 8; — I II

Bullion-in coin, bars, ov plates, free Burrs far mill-stones, the hundred, containing fivefcore — -59 - .5 10 — 6 toe

'Copper or latten, the great groce, containing twelve small groce, every groce twelve cozen ~ 3 — 6 /«? - - 7 4

Glass, the great groce, containing twelve small groce - - - 1 8} - 3 Si _,

£ 1 H.iir, the groce, containing twelve dozen J 8J - 84

*- 3 Handkerchiefs, the gvoce, containing twelve dozui - 3 I°J -9~ -99i

Silk, the great groce, containing twelve small gvccc - . - S 2 -77 i - 1 CO O 4-W

Thread, the great gvoce, containing! , twelve small groce . - j- -14- - = 73 - -2 10

Cables,

The Fortieth Year of Cecrge III.

Schedule A-

1NWARD6.

Cables, tarred, or -untarred, the hundred weight, containing l li lb.

Caddas or Crewel Riband, the dozen pieces, every; piece containing thirty-six Yards

'Per Yard

' And if-mixed with Silk (except the Cafloy, Manufachue of Great Britain, China, Persia, or the halt Indies,) , for every pound weight

Callicoes, printed, painted, or Rained, per yard

______-,-white, foreign, per' Yard -

! ("Half silk, half hair, the yard,

And, (excepting the manufacture . Cameletto, of Great Britain, China, Persia or the Bait Indies,) for every pound-weight

Canary feeds, or Alphifti, the hundred weight, containing H2lb.

rCandle plates or wallers, of brass or latten, the pound

Candles of tdllow, the pound

Candlellicks, of brass or -latten, the pound

Candlewick, the hundred-weight, containing i:alb.

fur.manufacturers use,-free.

Canes,

From Great Britain.

British.

I-

- 2 .6i

i ,4

1 oreigtu

d.

From other Countries.

£. u d.

- 14 61

8 3r 1 10

~ 3

Wood, the dozen - - - '

; Capers, the hundredweight, containing i nib.

Cap hooks, sor hook ends, the groce, containing twelve dozen pair

t Caps of woollen. the dozen

fElay.ng cards, the vgroce, containing o I twelve dozen pair (or packs)

| WooL cards, old, the dozen pair

(j > new, the dozen pair

fOf Great Britain, the square yard

Short, the piece

- Turkey, m foreign Hyps

I Turkey o or § Venice,

Long, containing -four yards . an.i upwards the piece

—-Turkey# in’foreign.flrtp,

Single, the groce, -containing

for J twelve dozen

-Double, the groce, ccontaining

G I twelve dozen "

w>th woollen combs, garnished) the dozen VOL, XX.

S3 c

At '

cases,

The Forthth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

fWith fuvdi ivory comb:, gavuished, the cozen -

Wish niitUilc fort ivory combs, garnished, the dozen

With large ivory comb:, gzrr.iflied, the dozen

j

For-nevdles, or pin cases, thegrocc, containing twelve dozen

--the grace iwsilt, contzming yor twelve dozen

spe£hcle,_ j tiw fjroce, gilt, containing , C twelve dozen

Catlings, havpllrings, ami lute (Irvings, the grace, containing twelve dozen

Cavearc, the hundred v,;t- containing i islb.

Cauldrons, or p ins, iron, the hundred weight

Chafingbrafe or hit ten, the pound

dishes, ^of iron,‘die dozen

' Chains,

for dogs, cOuvfe, the dozen for beys or purses, fine, the dozen

Chairs of walnut tree, the piece

f unuvtereJ, or mohair, the yard ! watered, the yard

' Cham-. lets.

half silk, half hair, the yard

And for every lb: weight, if made of, or mixed with silk, (except the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia, or the East Indies)

Chariots, with or without the appurtenances, each -

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

fBoards, the’dozen

Cliefs, -j the groce, containing twelve / dozen -

Cherts

of

iron.

fmalJ, three quarters of a yard loug, or middle fort, one yard long, the . piece -

large, one.yard and quarter long, the piece

Chiflels for joiners, the dozen Chocolate, the pound '.Cisterns of lattcn, the pound Ciaricords, the pair

Clay, called fire clay, and fandxlay, free.

From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign.

£. s. d.

- 3 Si

- 5 'j

- 10 2

- I 8j

- 3 5J 97

- 2 7i

- 2 75

- 25

- t 8i 6

- I 3i

- 8j

- i si

12 2 -

55

- 2 71

- i 7i

- 11

- iS 8

(5

:-----8

- I Sj

- 6 !0L

- 10 2 I — 45

- 3 si

- 3 Si

- 6 ioj

- 9i

- 5 U

- 5 '5

- 3 5i

u

- 2 °j

- i 33

- 5

- 8-

- 1 37

5 1 7'

- 1 4i

- 5 is

- 3 U

I 4 2i

1 '5 7.

- Hi

- 4i

- 3 5i

From other Countries.

- 7 43

- II I I 2 I

- 3 81

3 2?

- 7 4i

- II

- 5 65

- 5 6i -5- — 5

- 3 83

- 2 Jj

- 1 6 6

- 9i

- 1 6

5 1' 7?

- 1 5

- 6 3i

- 3 4

1 6 3i

1 18 s

- I u

- 4i

- 3- H

Coache:

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A. From Cre Eritifli. :t Britain. Foreign. Fr.im other Gmntiies.

INWARD S. Coaches and berlins, with or without the at: £ - £ d. S- d-

pursuances, each M to 5 "1

Goals, the ton NMt one (h King per ion additional on mh imported into Dublin pirf, cn appropriated duty towards the hnpro vement of Dublin. Cochineal, all forts free. Coffee, of any other than British plantation produce, for every pound weight thereof - of the Brttifli plantations, vide Schedule C. N;!<\ upon paying down 3s. 6d. for every hundred weight-. and feeuri :g the remainder of duf\'t coffee nm be nuarehufed in the like manner, and under the fame regulations as tobacco. 10: I o’.

8 8

(Figures and letters, tire groce — — 9} — 7i — It!

Handles, plates, fouares, the groce — — 8. - 1 3i — I s

"of bone, the pound - — 6 I — I Ir

of box, the groc *, containing twelve dozen ~ 1 3i - 2 7* — 2

of horn, for barbers, the dozen — — — <S —_y -

£ . called horse combs, the dozen 6 j — I IA

d of ivory, the pound voeat. li'htwood combs, the groce, con- — t 3} - 2 71 — 2 yi

raining twelve dozen ~ — II - 1 Sv Ill

for wool, the pair, old or new Si 5* 6

Comfits, the pound — — 3! 6 7s

fof iron for errpenters, tiledozen Compasses,< 3 6 — — 7 i

(for :lvps, the dozen ' Copper, unwrought, the hundred weight, con- Ill — 2 ii

taming u2lb. , Kettles, vide battery. Copperas, free if for dyers use. ——-—, white and blue, vide drugs Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred, the )iun- 0 1 - S9-; id

dred weight, containing 11zlb. — t 3I — 3 -oj - 1S e*

Corks, ready made, the groce -4/ h- 8-' 84

Cork >son, t locks, of ftee), t

Cork, the hundred weight, containing 11 jib. , the thousand , the thou fund Counters of brass or latten, the pound Crewe] riband, vide, caddas.

Currycombs, the dozen

Cuttle-bones, 'the thousand Cyder or perry, the ton-

- I- i SJ

- 4 1'-

-5i -----34 I 3*

o*

t av

3 5»

4

- 14 11

- a 4

- fiicf

t 6 8i

2 <5j 7 4a 6 8j Dagger

62 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

19.00.

Chap. 4.

4 Schedule A.

r kvr ards.

fV/ith fm:Ji ivory comb:, ganuihed, the cozen -

Wish middle fort ivory combs, gnrnifiied, the dozen -

With large ivory comb:-, garrdshed, the dozen

For.needles, or pin cifc;, thegrocc, containing twelve dozen

rtlic I'roee, uiw.il:, com.vning for l twelve dozen spedacica, j £Tw groce, gilt, containing , C twelve dozen

Catlings, harpllrings, and luteftrings, the groce, containing iv/eive dozen -

Caseare, the hundred \vt. containing 11 :1b.

Cauldrons, or p ins, iron, the hundred weight

Chafingij0^ brass or bitten, the pound dilhes, ^of iron, the dozen

' Chains,

for dogs, coarse, the dozen for ’.cys or purses, fine, the dozen

Chairs of walnut tree, the piece

f unwatered, or mohair, the yard ! watered, the yard

’ Cham* - lets.

half silk, half hair, the yard

And for every Hr. weight, if made of, or mixed with silk, (except the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia, or the East Indies)

Chariots, with or without the appurtenances, each. -

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing i i2lb.

{Boards, the'dozen

Men, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Chefls

of

iron.

’ fmal!, three, quarters of a yard loug, or middle fort, one yard long, the , piece -

large, one.yard and quarter long, the - . piece

Chtflels for joiners, the dozen

- Chocolate, the pound

‘/Citterns of latten, the pound Claricords, the pair

Clay, called fire clay, and sand 'clay, free.

From Great Britain. British. j Foreign. From other Countries.

£ / d- £ ' d- £ ' d.

~ 3 Si — 6 I 0 L - 7 4i

- 5 i* — 10 2 — II X

- 10 2 I — 4i I 2 I

- i H — 3 Si — 3 Si

- i Si 3 - Sk - 3 Si

- 3 ji — 6 1 — 7 4i

--Pi pi — II

- 2 7i — 5 ’i — 5 63

- 2 1* - S. H - S <5i

- 2k -4 5

- t 8i — 3 Si - 3 Si

6 u — I —

- I — — 2 O3 — 2 2}

- i 3i - 1 3i — i 6

5 5 6

8i 8; 9j

- 1 3i 1 '3* — i 6

S 1 7J S I 7*

12 2 -

j. — 1 4i - 1 5

- 2 7i — S ii - 6 3i

- 'i 7i — 3i? - 3 4

- ix '6 i 4 2': <S 3i

CO CO 1 ' 7. I 18 s

<5 - 1 — — I l£

8 — ,i — 1 —

- I 8j — 3 5-4 - 3. 8j

Coaches

’The Fortieth Year of George Schedule A. j From Crt- Britidi. III- ' it Britain. Foreign. TVi«n orhrr C^unuics,

INWARD S. Caches and berlins,- v/hh or without the an £ ? d. £ t- d. s'. J.

purtcnances, each -I to 5 -

Goals, the ton - Njte, one fh /ling per ton additional cn coals imported into Dublin port, cn appropriated duty towards the impro vement of Dublin. Cochineal,' nil forts free. Coffee, of any other than BmiHi plantation — — io- - — — io! — . r —

produce, for every pound weight thereof of the British plantations, vide Schedule C. jY;’.V, upon paying down 3s. 6d. for ty:ry hun* tired weight, and sinning the remainder of duty, co fee way be nvarekr-f'd in the like man- 8 8

n t, and under the fame regulations as tobacco.

(Figures and letters, the grocc 95 — 7i — in

f Handles, plates, squares, the grocc 8. — > 3i - i 5

> *of bone, the pound 6 — i — — I I -

of box, the groccontaining twelve dozen - r 3i - z 7? — 2 y)

of horn, for barbers, the dozen 3 6 — — 7*

3 called horse combs, the dozen 6 — J — I Is

U of ivory, the pound vocat. lyuwood combs, the groce, con- — i 3-5 — 2 7? — 2 yi

raining twelve dozen II - I 87 — Ill

for wool, the pair, old or new J? si 6

Comfits, the pound ~~ " 6 7?

fof iron for carpenters, the dozen 3 6 7j

Compares, { (for :h ps, the dozen ' Copper, unwrought, the hundred weight, con- — Ill -id

taming 112 lb. , Kettles, vide belter)'. Copperas, free if for dyers use. .— , white and blue, vide drugs — so — S9— S Ui

Cordage or ropes tarred or unturred, the hun-

died weight, containing I izlb. — 1 3' — 3 °? — 15 C;

Corks, ready made, the grocc *4} —. — 8l 8k

Cork, the hundred weight, containing 11 ;!b. t— id 6 — 14 1

Cork iron> ‘I"5 thousand —. u' — r «; III

T.: L'i's> of lied, the thousand " 4 "h - 8 Si -92

Counters of brnfsor latten, the pound Crewel riband, vide.caddas* ' 25 — — .31 32

Curry combs, the dozen — I 2* — 2 4_2 Oi

Cuttle-bones, the thousand — 3 51 — 6*ic4 - 7 4s 1 6 Si Daggc

Cyder or perry, the ton- - . j I 4 - Q-? > j i 6 8k

'64.

-A/ D.

1800

; Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

'From other

Countries

- i-KWA fv J>S. Dagger Blades, the dozen. Dimity plain, the.square yard i Dog couples, the dozen

:T

|'Old drapery.

the yard, coming from: England

from . any other parts,

(. die.yard

/ from-England, the-.yard J— — .2| New drapery, , from..irly atherparts, the ( yard

;L

All nmnttfactures made of wool which are milled j . in the tuck-milli or other machine, ivhc- I

tier iu'illed or plains as ccat:ngsy aJJtmerjy I

kafeySt druggiffy gerrtumferge'y ratteens, and I - such liket by tvhateever particular name now I J denominated^ or hereafter to be 'denominated^ I Jhfll fill under the description cfy and pay duty 1

as old drapery.

"Acacia,' the pound

Acorus, the pound

f*Album, ’the pound

Adiaotum j

( Kigrum, the pound

tough or untrimmed, the

~iuugu v*i mini

\ pound Agiricus, \

lor agaric, tnmmi

4 *- the oound

:0

'm

a

u

:.fl

trimmed or pared, I the pound

- , free if for dyers use.

Agnus callus feeds, the pound

-f Confe&io, the ounce Alchermes, s

t Syiop, the pound

Alkanct roots, the pound

Allum romish, or roach,' the hundred wt, containing t tulb.

- , free if for dyers use.

~ 7

u— — IOJ

4 r

Almiet orcrcant, the pound

Almonds, bitter, die hundred weight, I containing it alb.

J.Cicotriua, the pound

Epatica, the pound

Alumon plume, the pound

Ambergrease,-black: or grey, the ounce troy_.,

Ameos feeds, the pound Amomi ^eds, the pound Anacardium, the pound

r

" .3* - '7 3i

-:II Jl

-. (Angelica, the pound

1 4J

" -4

- *i

- *i

« U

- s

- 31

1 -ij

- 6

- u

- 1

1

3r

7 . 3t

oi

- .25

- 3} .1 —

>9

'« 4i

- 4

- J i

- 2?

I S

- 4 l li I 11

- Jr

7 7*

- 3i

- ta —

t i

- 3i

dr

2i

- li

I

1----- 3k-----

AntiB0oilia

rugs, vocnt.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

6S

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Crudum, the hundred \vt. containing tidb.

Antimoninm, ^----- ficeif for dyers use.

Pnepar.mim or subjiim, the pound v ' -

Argentum sublime, or linum, or quick-silver, the pound

Ari o'oehia, ’onga, ct rotunda, the pound

Arfniclc, white or yellow, or rofalgcr, the pound

- , free if for dyers use.

Afpalaihus, the pound Alfiftctida, the pound Aflarum roots, the pound Auripigmentum, vide orpiment. Balauftium, the pound

{artificial, the pound natural, the pound Barley,hulled,or French barley, the i i2lb.

- , in foreign ships

Baybcrrics, the 112lb.

- , free if for dyers use.

C.

From Great Britain.

Britishi.

Foreign.

- 7t

- IA

Bdellium, the pound

Ben album, or rubrum, the pound

Benjamin, of all forts, the pound

of the East Indies, the ounce

Be-.vy.ir \ '^oy

Stone, y0f the West Indies, the ounce { Troy

Black lead, the 11 tlb.

Blatta byzamuia, the pound

fCommunis, or arnonicus, the

Boliis J u’llb-

(_Verus, or fine bole, the pound 'unrefined, or tinea!, die pound

IloraxJ-----, free if for dyers use

(-refined, the pound

BunV.ins bolyworlles, or piftolochia, the pound

Calamus, the pound

Camltogiunt, or gutta gambx, the pound l^Camphire, refined, the pound|> unrefined, the pound

LCancri oculus, the pound Vol. XX.

- 8}

3 to

- 8i

- 6 ij

- 3

- 117

- 4

- u

- 5

- 3d

- 9i 1 oj 7 oj

6 4v

-43

--li

- 6

1 4

- 15 10}

- 1 Si96

- 7t

- t ioj 2j

—9

2--10} -----6}

From other Countries.

£. t. d.

-6 yd

- 3r

- 10

- 4}

- Si

- s

- 33

- t»s 1 ij

3s

9i

<1

(S>

- 9

- '61

- I s

- 2 10

2 1}

- 2i

- tot

3 2» -----7i

- t

- 1

- 11

A. L\ 1S00. Chap. 5.

- I

- Ill

- 1 --

- i 31

C&ntharidcsj

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

'Cantharides, the pound

Caraway feeds,’ the 112lb.

Cardamomes, the pound

Carlina, the pound

'Carolina, the pound -

Carpo balfami, the pound

Carrabe, or fuccinum, the pound

Carthamus feeds, the pound

Cassia, filtula, of all forts, the pound

- , lignea, the pound

Caftoreum, or beaver cods, the pound

Ccruflii, the mlb.

Cctrarch, the pound

China roots, the pound

Crystal, in broken pieces for physical uses, the pound

Ciccres, white and red, the pound

Cinabrium, or vermillion, the pound

Ciperus, longus ct rotundus, the mlb.

Cctrago, the pound

o i Civet, the ounce troy

Coculus Iiidix, the pound

Cojoquintida, the pound

Copperas, white, the 11 zlb.

Copperas, blue, of Danlk or Hungary, the 112lb.

rred or white, in fragments, for Coral, j physical uses, the pound

(_ whole, the pound

Coriander feeds, the 11 alb.

f Caperum, the pound

)Guiaci, the 11 alb.

Mandragorrc, the pound jTamarifchi, the pound ^Wmteranus, the pound Coflus, dulcis, and amarus, die. pound Cubebs, the pound Cummin seeds, the i nib.

Cufcuta, the pound

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

- 2 41

j From other Countries.

- 8

j Cyclamen roots, or panis porcinus, the pound

j Cyprus nuts, the pound, (vide nux cu. . prefli)

£ ' d- £ d.

- 1 5i - 1 n

~ S 5* — 5 Hi

- II ilj

3i — — 3£

ii — 1.

- I I - 1 ij

4 — s

21

4f 5

- 4 Si - 4 8

- 59- S "1

- i9— 9i

I — I 2j

2i

- II I — 12 10}

' 3 — — 3i

- 12 8} — 13 74

si 6

7 7i

- "3 6i — 14 S

- 4 H — 4 1' i

95 II

- J — 5 6i

-54 — 5 10

- i7 Si — 18 7i

6 — 6<-

21 2*

-31 -31

6 6i

4i 5

- 10 7 - " 31

22 Vo 1 1

6} 7i

1

JDaucus

Drugs vocat.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARD S.

'Caucus crcticus, the pound Ciagrcdium, or fenmony, the pound Diptamus leaves, the pound ----- roots, the pound

- u

Doronicum, the pound

EUeborus albus ct niger, the pound

Epithemum, the pound

Es uftum, the pound

Euphorbium, the pound

Fennel feeds,- the pouud

Fenugreek, the ualb.

Flory, the pound

Flowers, vide leaves

Folium Indue, the pound

Fox lungs, the powid

Frankincense, of France, parrofin, the

nslb.

Galanga, the pound

Galbanum, the pound

General, the pound

Gentiana, the pound

Glauber fairs, the pound

Guinea pepper, the pound

Grains of Guinea or French grains, the iialb. (vide grains.)

Grana, pime, the pound

- , Tindtoruni, the pound

Green ginger, the pound

Gun?, animi, the pound

- arabic, or gum fcneca, the hundred

weight, containing 1i alb.

- , ArmoniacV, the pound

——, Caramen, the pound

- , Carannx, the pound

—, Elcmi, the pound

——Guiaci, the pound

- , Hcderc, the pound

- , Juniperi, or fjndracha, the It2lb.

Lack, the pound

- , Opoponax, the pound

: ——, Samlrachi, or gum juniperi, vide fandrachi.

- *, Sarcccol, the pound

*—» Seneca; vide gum arabic.

——, Serapinum, or fagnpenum, the pound—

L"—, Tacamahaccx*, the pound I—-

R:

From Great Britain.

British.

- i

- 5

Foreign.

From other Countries.

s. tl Oi

- *n

~ 5?

- ai

2q; 6 8

- Si

1 4:

—9

3 10

- Sr

- 6V S

- >1

- 2V

- 3’

8 p,

- 3 i

- 6 l 8

- 5

- 7

- i

- I

- '51

- 31

2

£. s. j.

- I 25 J 10

- 9i

- 6

—9

- Si

- <5

7 3j

- Sr

l 6

- pr

4 ir

- 6

- 7i . — 0

- Ji

- 3

- 31

—951

> A

- 6

I 8* — 6

8 3i

- 4

- S

2 >i

- 6

I 7r i U

io -8i

- 42

i pi

- 6

- 4

2 li

A.D. 1800. Chap. 4.

68

A. D-

1800 Chap. 4. UTW

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

tc

INWARDS. fGum, Tragagant, the pound — Tin&orum, vide grana tinflorum Gutta gambx, vide cambogium. Hermodaelilus, the pound Holywortles, vide bunkjps.

the hundred, contain Horns of harts, j ing five score or ftaers, )

b (the niilb.

Ilypociflis, the pound Jallap, the pound

Incenfc, or olibanum, vide olibanum.

Ireos (orris), the 112lb.

Ifinglass, the ralb. free if for dyers use.

Jujubes, the pound

Juniper-berries, free.

Lnpdanum. or lapodonum, the pound

Lapis, cJammaris, the 11 alb.

- , Contra yerva, the ounce

- Ilematius, the pound

- i Judaicus, the pound

- , Lazuli, tiic pound

- , 'luiice, the pound

Leaves of roses, the pound

- of violets or flowers, the pound

From Great Britain. Britishi. j Foreign.

£ ' d-

- I lOf

6 4l

- 9;

!. d.

- 4

- 6.

Lentils, the pound

f-Aloes, the pound I.ignum, J Afplirdtum, tlte pound LNcphritieum, the pound Lignum, rhodium, the 112lb. - Vine, free.

Limum, vide argentum sublime.

r of gold, the 112lb.

Litharge, 1

L of silver, the 11 alb.

Loctifts, the pound

I.upincs, the 11 lib.

Lyutifcus, or xylobalfamum, the pound

MaddcrrootSjOrrubeatinctorum, the pound if for dyers use, free.

Manna, the pound

Marmalade, the pound

f red, the pound Mastick, s

(. white, the pound

- *7 2 4

From other Countries

C.

d,

- 4

- n

- 3

- 47

- S <H

- 1 4;

- 5

- 21

- 31 3t

- t

- 3 'a

3!

- 2 Sj

- i 5

- 18 3

6 7

~ 3}

5 ‘i;

- 1 6

Si

47

or 4i-

4j

Ii

5;

4/

- 3

S

4

- 3

- 101

- 3i

- 31

- 113

9

7

41-

7t

6

4i

II

4r"

47

Oh

Mcchoaclian,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.'

INWARDS.

{'Mechoachan, the pound

f Precipitate, the pound

I ^crcuri)|Sublimate, the pound

I Millium Solis, the pound

r dried, the pound Mirabolancs,

(condited, the pound

Myrtle-berries, the pound

| Mithridate Venetice, the pound -

Mummia, the pound

Mulk, the Ounce Troy

If- '

I OJ

- si

Mafic

Cods,

5th:

tthe

Dozen

and

Ounce

Nux

Oleum,

Myrrhc, the pound

Nardus Celtica, or Spica Romana, the

II2lb.

Nigelh, the pound

Nitrum, the pound

f De Benue, the pound

Cuprcili, the pound

Indica, the piece 4

Pini, or Gratia Pint, the pound

Eiftachia or Piftacluas, the pound

Vomica, the pound

Petroleum, the pound

Turpentmi, vide Turpentine.

Olibanum, orlnccnfe, the I r2lb.

Opium, the pound - - 4

Orabus, the pound

Orange C Ointment, the pound

1* lower £ Water, the Gallon

Orcant, or Almiet, the pound

Origanum, the pound

Orpiment,or Auripigmentum, the 11 alb.

j Ofippinm Hucrredum, the pound

Ofl*a de Corde Cervi, the pound

of Almonds, the pound

of Amber, the pound de Bay, the 112lb. deBennc, the pound of Mace, or Nutmegs, the pound of Rofcmary, the pound of Scorpions, the pound I of Spike, the pound

XX.

Oil

L

Vot,

Prom Great Britain. British.'|Foreign.

d.

" 5

- io

- 2 j

2 2;98 I oi ' 2 3* — Hi

- 5

- 3* S

Q. X. d. £ /. d.

- 95

- i 11 — 2 oi

- i I- — I 2

- 3l — 4i

- 3 — — 31

- 5 — — Si

- 2 3 9h 2 3i ui

11 4; Si — 12 S 31

- 7 Si — 8 SI

- i 4 — I 4

- 9i — — 19

i 7i I 18 oj

- 2j — 2i

- <fi — — 7

- 3 i — — 31

- 2?

i , i

- 3i - — .5- 31

- 3 — — 3i

2 21

- 6 - — 6X

i 12 ii 1 *4 3

- 2 8 ' — 2 >o 1

- 2 -

- 31 — — 10

- I S — I 7i

- 3 — — 3i

- 2j -

- 3 7 - *4 Si

- 21 — — 3

—9U — 10 °i

- 31 — —- 4i

- 3 Si — 3 8

- >49~ >5 7i

- I 11 - 2 "1

- 3 oi - 3 2f

- i iri — 2 *3

- SI — — IS

- 6 —

From other Countries.

Pain’s

The Fortieth Fear Georgii III.

St'hpffiile A From Grew. Britain,

oCneauie A* . n.:.:n. Foreign.

JNWARDS.

'Panis Porcinus, vide Cyclamen.

Panther, the pound

Pearl Seeds, the ounce Troy

Pellitory, the pound

Pepper, long, the pound

Perofen, vide frankinccnfe.

Piony Seeds, the pound

I Piftachias, vide mix piftachia.

Piftolochia, vide bunkins.

Pix Burgundix, the i j2lb.

Polipodium, the pound

Polium Montanum, the pound

Pomegranate Pills, the i i2lb. if for dyers use, free.

Poppy Seeds, the pound

Precipitate, vide mercury precipitate.

Prunellas, or pruins of brunclia, the pound

Pfyllium, the pound

Quicksilver, vide argentum vivum.

("Contra Yerva, the pound

_ , j Efulx, the pound Radix

j Pconx, the pound

LScorcionera, the pound

Red Lead, the 112lb.

Rhabarbarum, or Rhubarb, the pound

Rhaponticum. the pound

Rofealgcr, vide arsenic.

Roffet, the pound

Rubea Tin&orum, vide madder roots. Sagcpennm, vide gum ferapinum.

JAIcali, the pound Armoniacuni, the pound

British.

c~"

c

P 4i

i 11

- 2}

- 3i

From other Countries.

- 2 0 r

- 2 h

- Ii

Sanders

if for dyers use, free

Sal Gem, the pound

- Nitri, the pound

"Red, alias flock, the 11 alb. if for dyers use, free.

White, the pound

Yellow, the pound

Sandiver, the Il2lb.

Sandracha, or gum juneperi, the XI alb.

Draconis, the pound

Hircci, the pound

j^Sarfaparilb, the pound

7

- 5

3

~ 4

’3

- 24

- 3

—9i 2r

- 2-:

- u

- 5 2^ I- 5

32

3

5

2 !>t

Sanguis

2} S 11

31

8

- I 25

2 r

1 I-'-

Sz

3

o!

- 6

3

- to

1----- n

- 8r

- 3 35

- 10 8c

- jo

- At .— u{

Safafras

Drugs, voc.nt.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule

INWARDS.

fSafafras Wood, or Roots, the mlb.

Scamonium,vide Diagredium.

Scincus 'Marinus, the piece

Scordium, the pound

Scorpions, the hundred, containing five score

§ebe(tines, the pound

Sder Moutanus, the pound

Semen Cucumeris, Cucurb, Citral Melon, the pound

Sena, the pound

Sccdonella, the pound

Spica Celtica, vide Nardus Celtics, or Spica Romans.

Spikenard, the pound

Spodium, the pound

Sponges, the hundred weight

S<]uill:i, the U2lb.

Stpunamhum, the pound

Suphifitgcr, the uzlb.

Sfcehados, the pound

i

Stibium, vide Antimonium Pnvoaratum.

rCaiamnw; the pound Stor.rx )

(Liquids, the pound

Succinum, vide Cavrabbe.

Sulphur vivnm, the pound

f Green, the pound

White, the pound

Tamarinds, the pound

C Lemma, the pound

t SigiHata, the pound

Jhtapftt Semen, the pound

Tinea!, vide Borax.

Tornfal, the pound if for Dyers use, free.

r Common, the pouud . Of Venice, the pound Treble.And further, for every —

I hundred weight’thereof both I common and of Venice

Trochifci de Vipm, the ounce Ttov

[tmWiI., j Tlu: Fouml

l Thapfix, the pounJ

From Great Britain.

British.

r. s. i

- >}

4 4

Foreign.

£ > - 6

- 5

3 11

'S

t '

I— 13 I J

Talk

' 3 5 2

2l

!U

2

7

5

9:

7i 3i S 3-

S

31

From other Countries.

|-----3}

6

n

n

I----- 3i , -

r. £. d.

E — <3 7i

i u

- 2

- ii

- 5 s

- 4i

- 2i

- 3

- 1 el

U> «— ai

- p? Si

3 '981

- 8 Id

- I 4!

- 14 Si

- 41

- I 6}

r" 41

); 2t

- 61

- 2;

_ fij 2 9i

2j

9i

4-

- n

2 uj

s s 5 ~9

i> a

Turmerick,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

£ ' ‘i-T

fTurmerick, the pound (if for Djers use free)

common, the mlb

Turpentine, of Venice, *Cio, or Cyprus, the pound

Verdigrease, the pound (if for dyers use, free)

j , Vermillion, vide Cinnabrium.

g Varnish, the mlb.

K> Viscus quercinus, the pound

fi Vitriclum Romanum, the pound (if for dyers use, free)

TTmber, the mlb.

White Lead, the mlb.

Worm Seeds, the poum! Xylobalfamum, vide Lyntifeus (_Zcdoaria, the pound Earth, red, the barrel Elephants Teeth, the hundred, containing five score Emery Stones, the 11 alb.

Emery, ground, the pound Fans for corn, the piece Tor Beds, the mlb. of France, for beds, the 11 alb.

of Rullia, the mlb.

J- Vocnt: diridge, or ostrich feathers, not " black or white, undrdl'ed, the pound

of f black, the pound

OI\riCml’] white, the pound _undrelTed (.

Feather beds, old or new, the piece

Fiddles for children, the dozen

Ferret Ribbon, the groce

If foreign, and of fishy to pay as (ilk manufacture.

Files, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

Fire Shovel plates, the 11 aib.

Fire Shovels, the dozen

rthe barrel

Cod-fish, j the hundred, containing lie L score

° Cods heads, the barrel tS

E

From Great Britain.

British.

- 7

- 2 4

- 31

- 7 n

Forergn.

~ ' 3}

- 9

- °1

- S H

- 4

n

Cole filli, the hundred, containing fix score

(_Gull fish, the barrel

- 3 4

2 Of

l to

1 8_t

i 8f i 4

5 of

- 2i

- 3i

- 4 4i 3 Si

- 3 Si

From other Countries.

- —

J*. d. j". d.

- 3 — 3i

3 7i — 3 0

2 3s - 2 0

__ 6l. 6

12 81 — >3 6i

- I t 1 o

- 7 r — — 8

s — S n

7 3 — 7 rof

I 0 — I I

- ro — — 11

I — I

'5 J- T 17 6

—9— — 10;

°i — — Of

- 7 — — 9i

5 — S Hi

7 7 r — 8 si

4 10 — S V:

5 — S

4 of — 4 51

4 Si — 4 I°‘

4 3 — s 0>

—9— — 0

- 4 to

- 3 Si 3 Si 3 IQ

- u si

I

j— 39! I- 3 2} Haddocks,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

f Haddocks, the barrel

Herrings, the barrel

Lampreys, the piece

Lings of all forts, the hundred, containing five score

f Small, the hundred, containing fix score

Middle fort, the hundred, containing fix Icore

Fish, great, the hundred, containing L fix score

!the barrel

Girles, the barrel

Seal fill], the fish

Croplings, the hundred, containing fix score

Luhfilh, the hundred, containing fix score

Titlings, the hundred, containing (_ fix score

Whitings, the barrel

Flanders tile, vide brickftoncs

/'undressed, free.

Flax dressed or wrought, the 112lb.

(----- hi foreign ships

Flax feed, or lint feed, free.

Flames to let blood, the dozen -

Hints for fire-arms, the thousand

Flocks, the hundred weight, containing U2lb.

Flower roots, the hundred, containing five score

Flutes, coarse, the grocc, containing twelve dozen -

Frize, the yard -

Furnaces, for bleachers use, free.

f Armini, the timber, containing forty skins -

Badger skins, the piece

f Black, the piece

Bear skins, < Red, the piece

k White, the piece

r.Skins, whole, the piece Beaver, 1

C Wombs, the piece

runtawed, the timber, containing J« \ forty skins

*§ /tawed, the timber, containing forty

C skins

From Great Britain.

Britishi.

- 2 7* -----11 i-

- 8

Foreign. £ s. d.

- 8

> 4

- I II;

- 3

- i of

- V;

- 2 71

- 3

7 7i 2 11

2 64

- 2 64

- 5 1

1 4

I 11

I I S}

6

9!

‘3

-9

- S

- 4

- 80}

- i 7f 8

- 1 85

From other Countries.

S J

I 14

- 6 j

- 11

- S.so

- 19 41

- n

- 5 6[

- 4 84

- 8 114

- 1 s;-

- 84

- 1 11

T

Calabar,

74

a. n.

luCO. vChap. sf-

1'oiii.v.7 1-gitT sf Geoi-e ITT*

ScllCv'ulc A-

Fioni Great Britain. Bri;i;p. I Foreign.

I K V/ A-II D>.y '.£ r- il-

_ phehundred, cor.t.iininjf live fcare ,—

Z 2 j

-z 3 ) kla« k, the hundred, cor.taining five

I tora

Cjf poult?, tlvrhundral, containing.five score - 2 '6;

Fitches, the timber, containing forty /kins-

r the black fo\/ha>

the ordinary !k:n

I 5 S

I

Craycs

Wombs, peeks, or pieces, the pare

untamed, the timber, coniain- ing forty /kins

tawed, the timber, containing (, forty skins

r C r.

Hi.

Jennets, 4

i

f raw, the (kin

ifont’il, the skin

f raw, the (kin grey )

' f?aroned, the fiiin

i Skins, the piece Leopards,}

Wombs, the pane

f the timber, containing forty j li.ins

I Gills, the timber, containing Martrons, i ^or‘7

I Poults, the pane cr mantle

1 Tails, the hundred, contain L ing live fcorc

Miniver, the mantis

Minks, untawed, the timber, containing forty skins

- , tawed, the timber, containing

forty skins

Moul skins, the-dozen

Otter skins, the piece

Ounce (kin«i, the piece

Sables of all forts, the timber, containin' forty skins

Weasel skins, the dozen

tawed, the piece -

-Wolf-lkins, untnwed, the piece

- iO -2z

- '4 oj

- 5 'j

- 3 9i 2 10 10

- 1

- 3 21

- 3 2:1 4 3

From other

CouMriL*,

14 10

0 61-

4 U 'J i 3

2 Sf

2 4

3 S

3 5

4 7r

I. Wolverings, the piece

Galls, the M2lh. if for dyers use, free.

Garnets, small, rough, the pound

- , small or great, cut, the pound

for carpenters, the grace

(Jfor vintners, the dozen

- of

- 27 i

~ 2 7 71 I---10

- 9\ - — 91

- 1 — — 1

- 6 4 — 6 IC r

I 5 5 1 7 6i

2 16 10 2 '5 Oj

- 3 i-f — 3 , t 4-:

- 2 7s — 2 9}

- 10 2 — 11 1

- 3 5* — 3 74

- '5 4 - 16 C)\

- 1Z S t 2 r

- 14 — — 11

- r 4 - 1 5

- 3 — 3 S-;

7 12 Si 8 5 2

- 1 — — l;:

- 7 7d — 8 3 a

- 5 10 — 6 4

- 3 4 — 3 7

2 3

4 5 '91

14 4 16 G\

-I 8* 1 11

- 2 l4 . 2 2f

Girth

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Girth web, the groce

f GlafiSi for watches, the ilozcn j Burning glaiTes, the tit zen|Gkfa pipes, tall, the poun.l ——grc.it, the mlb«

Hour glatita, the groce Vials, the hundred, containing five fcoro Water gl.iiTcs, the dozen of all f, rts

' the whole case, containing 24 Window') iwves

Giafles, )-.—} the half case, (or

From GrcatJBrtain. ‘Briiith. I Foreign.

0

*- 3 10

- ST

- 6

1 7 8 j ~ S 1 < 31

- 8i

4 n

r

fide) containing 12 leaves

r 2 4

Globes, fm .11, the pair, under eighteen inches d'r.me;er

’ G'cw, the i nib. m .11, the

;r

- , large, the pair, eighteen inches dia-|

incttr

Gloves of ail foits, the dozen

- , and of fiik. nmi not Critidi, or tl.e

manufacture of Persia or the £a(t Indies, for every pound weight

Gold foil, the finall groce, containing twelve

dozen -

Gold ami silver thread right, the pomul, containing twelve ounces Venice weight

Grains, or fearlct powdr, the pound

- , of Seville, in berries, or grains of 'Portugal, or Rotta, the pound

Cravers, or punfons for gohlGniths, the pound

Grimlltniics, the chtilder

f Almonds, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

- 10

" 3

in the (hell, the thousand

! Annilicds, the 11:1b.

) 'Cinnamon, tire pound "Clovcsj the pound ! Cocoa nuts, the pound g Currants, the 11 alb.

- , in foreign flops

o

Dates, the tialb.

Figs, the t r. lb.

in foreign ships

[ Ginger, of the East Indies, or other so-1. K'S" plantations, the pound

Ti

d.f

From other Countries.

- o U

- si

- 5 'i - Si

- S >i

\£. r. A

S 3s

- 2 7J

~ s n - s

- io 2 — 11 t

7 n - 8 3t

J i 7t; t -1_

- i 6 — I

~ TO 2} — it —

- 8y — — i r

- 5 - — <;

3 — , i j*

- 2 91 — 3 0}

- 4 — 16 (S'r

- 41 — ~ 5

- 12 *i — '4 °l

I Si - I 5*

- *\ °k — 1 o.t

- I ai — I *i

I 5 — i 6 8

i to 6.

1 2 10} i 4 91-

- s96 vS

- 7 o;

I-----7i

Ginger,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A. ‘ I From Great Britain. (From other Eritsih. /i'orugn. Countries.

I Nr W, ARDS.

Ginger, of the "West Indies, not Briulh plantation, the :pound

of the Erltifii plantations,-vide

liche.'ulc C.

- , green, vide drugs.

L’emorice, the hundred-weight, containing 112.1b.

- Juice, or ball, the ii2lb.

r.

3 2t-,

i7 ui;

7 °7

15 11

/. d.

4-----4;

- 7 n

I 15 II

p.3 9* p 3 9l

- 1 64 t 6;

2 4

- 3

3 3

- $ 4?

- 3 91

- 3i — 3 6'x 4 0

14 —

Macc, the pound

Nutmegs the pound

Pepper, the pound -

Piamento, the pound, (vide Schedule C.)

Prunes thehundredwt. containing nib

- , in foreign {hips

0 Raisins of all fort5, the hundred weight,

I containing mlb.

- , in foreign ships

Loaf sugars, refine’, not being bastards, and all candy, being of the manufacture of Great Britain

Sugars, Ycfmed, called bastards, and all ground and powdered refined, and all refined loaf sugars broken in pieces

r Muscovado,-j

________] White, I Vide.Schedule

’ 1 f J3. No. 3.

I Refined, J

f Corn-powder, the hundred. wt.

I containing mlb.

Gunpowcer,-j £CTpCnt*nCj t]ie hundred-wt.

containing mlb. r-Camels hair, the pound

Hair, ) Elks hair for faddlcs, the hundred vocat. ) weight, containing mlb,

k Goats hair, the 11 lb.

Hair bottoms for sieves, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Halberts, gilt, the piece

- , ungilt, the piece

' Hammers, the dozen

- , voeat. horsemen's hammers, th»

dozen

For importation of cinnamon, cloves, mace and nutmegs, vide 23 and 24. Geo. III. cap. 25. and continued by 25 Geo. III. cap, 39.

Handkcrckif.

2 17 2

-2 H 71

- J*

4 4r

2 19

- 4

3i — '4 3r — M 3i

s'. ~ 1 3 j — 1 C

8 — 3 Ji - 3

S id — n

6 - r - — 1 1

8S - 3 Ji - 3

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Handkcrchers or Handkerchiefs, the dozen

__________, and further additional duties,

according to the nature of the fabric.

Hamefs plates, videplates.

- j roses, the thousand

Hatbands, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Hats, vocat. draw hats, vide bafts.

__- of beaver wool, of hair, the hat

—, all other hats, the.piece

"Hemp, thort, dressed, the 11 alb.

—in foreign ships

Cullen or ftecl hemp, and all other forts of drelfed hemp, the ml)?.

', in foreign ships

Spruce Muscovia, (and all other undressed hemp) free.

Hemp-feed, free.

Hilts for swords and daggers, the 'dozen Honey, the barrel, of forty-two gallons

- of all other forts, the 112lb.

Jjjf wood, for coopers, the thousand Hops, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb. Horn-books, plain, the groce

gilt, the proce

~ 6 4i

- 12 8|

12 '8^ 2 6£ 14 ok

‘oflron, for pipes or hogsheads, the

I2lb.

Horn for lanterns, the thousand

-Horses, mares, geldings, and nags, the piece

Hunting horns, the dozen

Jet, the pound -

Jews trumps, the groce, cpfttaihing twelve dozen

Indigo, free.

I:ik for printers, the mlb.

IuUiows, the groce,.containing twclze dozen - of glass, the dozen hiftle, imwrought, the pound ~wrought, the dozen pounds Vojl. XX. U

From-Great Britain. British.- ' Foreign.

d. c.

j

- 5

- m

19

- '9

U

n

i

- i,'. '6 8

1 —

2 O',

2 7i 4 ioj - 7r

From other Countries

- 5

~ > 3}

5 1 '7 71 > -7» — 3i . 10 2

- 5

- 3

1 3

d /;. i. d

- <5 3

3 35

41 i 7 6\

4l i 7 (St

- S 6)

°5 — 16

i i 7

oi 1 3 3i

ill9

2 — I! I

n - 8 -si

6i — <S Ot

I - 5 i<i

16 "t (7

- 2 10

- 2 2i

oi — 4 Si

17 — 5 <5r

i°i — 4 lot

17 — J <5j

5 6

7j -2 9l

I — J aij

31 - 16 fit

Oj

7 8i

2i I 711)

Instrumcms,

78 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

j8oo. Schedule A. From Gr British. eat Britain Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 4. INWARDS. c s. d. £ -f- A- £ ' i-

’Bullst ferews, the dozen — 6 — 1 — — I 1

Iucifion flieers, the dozen — 81 — i 3i - c 5

' Instruments, Paces or tooth drawers, the do-

for barbers — — Si — 1 3j — 1 S

and chirur-

geons, vo- Pullicaiics, the dozen — s> — 1 33 — is

cat. Sets, the bundle, containing fix

feore 3t 6 7

/.Trepans, the dozen — 1 31 — 2 7? — 2 92

f umvrought, for every ton — te St — 12 81 — 12 8i

rfma!l, (not exceeding half a

*5 j |^ACus for \ hundred weight) the piece — I 8$ — 1 - 8? — 2 Si

0 ] chinmies, j jar, Cj exceeding half ahun-

1 k* dred weight, the piece — 3' Si - f ‘i — S 4i

0 HH Bands for kettles, the uzlb. — 8 uj H O5 1 £ Os

Doubles, vide plates.

Hoops, v de hoops.

Irons, box irons, the dozen — 3 - 6 r ~ 6 7i-

- , Smoothing irons, not.box, the dozen - 2 4 - 4 7 — J of

- Stirrup irons, the dozen pair — — Pi - 1 si — 1 81

Iron ore and cinders, the ton — — n 7z t°!

- Liquor for dycts use, free.

Juice of lemons, the pipe 10 2 > — 4 I 2 I

(free if for djers use.

Junk, 'called old junk, in pieces, not exceeding five fathoms in length, the ton — 12 8| — 12 8j — >49

Ivory, umvrou ght, the pound — ~ 1 3} — I 6

Kelp, the ton — .3 10 ~ 3 10 — 4 s

' Kcyknops, the groce — 2 n ~ 5 d — 63

Keys for watches, the groce — 3 H — 6 ~ 6 7i

fAlmine, Bohemia, and all other coarse

knives, the clicker, containing ten

knives - — Si 91 — — II

Butchers knives, the dicker, containing ten ~ 31 91 II

3 Carving knives, the dozen 59- 13 4 — 14 71

0 > Coopers knives, the dozen 1 31 ~ 2 71 - 3 "

to' Cullen knives, the groce, of twelve dozen 2 3 3i 267

15 Curriers knives, the dozen 3 °i ~ S 6k -6 7

Drawing knives, the dozen I — — 2 — - 2 21

Glovers knives, the bundle, containing fix knives 2 2\ — 6 oi " 6 7j

-Penknives the groce 3 10 - 7 *i - 8 22

Shcrknives,

The Fortieth Year of George- 111*

Schedule A.

INWARDS. e fSkerknires, the dicker, containing ten g|knives

4 Stock CunSiIf) the 1102611 ^ock5 > J Knives {g]}^ the dozen stocks

W LBonc lace of thread, the dozen yard*

Crewel lace, the small grocc, containing twelve dozen

Of gold or fiiver, -or silver and gold, the pound Troy or Venice weight

Gold and silver lacs, the ounce troy

I Pomct lace, the grocc, containing twelve

dozen

Purl or antkt Lice of thread, the groce

rBone lace of all forts, the small u \ pound, containing-sixteen ounces

I Lace of all other forts, the pound, ^containing sixteen ounces

Ladles, vocat. melting ladles, the mlb.

Last blocks, the dozen

Latches and catches, of iron, the dozen

Laths, the thousand

_ r black lattcn, the i lalb.

Latten,)

vocat. y fliaven latten, the tizlb.

From Great Britain.

British.

C ‘i-

- 10 - 15 - 5

-to

Lead,

Lz:

(theton, containing twenty hundred I weight

1 milled, or {beets, the nzlb.

'-ore, the ton

- of gold, the hundred leaves, contain-

- 2 n

- 1 3J 3 3 <5?

- 19 of

- 5 1*

- 3

- 8

- ,i

- 8 rii

-964

- 1; 4

1 35 10 2

r ot gout, the hundred leaves, c( ocs, J ing foe tore

( of silver, the tlioufaml leav

r vide oranges.

Lemons,]

I pickled, the pipe

Limes, the barrel, (free if for ijyers use)

- juice, the gallon (free if for dyers use)

British, brown or white, free. Conditionally, 4 G. 1. chap. 6.

j f Dutch barras, and Helfian canvas, c. 2 ! the hundred ells, containing fix

' =-! score

10 j And further, for every square I j. yard thereof

foreign.

Front other Countries.

- 9}

I 0 4|

1 10 5!

- 10 2i

0 4';

- 5 1 2 7

910

6 '3 S

- 10 3

- 3

- 1 35 '5

- 8 11A

—9<55

- ij 4

- 1 35

- 102

t a 1 13 - u

2 Is

- S 1-

o 4l.

- 7

- 6

- 5

- 29« 914

6 16 ef

- it 1

- 3i

1 s

- Ii

—9I0r 10 6

- 17 to

- 1 6

5

6 j

r

7

- 17 Pi — '94v

- 71----- n

Packing

8o

Chap.4.

'Tie Fortieth Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

f Packing canvas, guttings, and fpntce canvas, the hundred ells, containing 120

And further, for every square yard thereof

PoledavieSjfpmce^ElbiogorQueenf-borough canvas, die bolt, containing 28 ells

# And'futther for every square yard 'thereof

The abovet and in every such ca/ef the - additional duty of 6d. ft r yard -is appropriated to the encouragement of the linen manufacture.

rof Holland making, the I yard

Tabling, 1 of Silesia making,- the

Im yard

of Holland- mak-

R i

S

<U1 IIVIMIIU 1J1U

‘Towelling and J inS*the Napkining I of Silesia making, L the yard

r.of Holland making, the \ yard

Tabling, Silesia making, (lie

L y=rd

Napkins, of Holland making, the dozen

of Holland making, Towelling and j t^ic 1"* Napkining, ) of Silesia making, L the yard

Driliins, and packducks, the hundred, containing iao ells

—, and further for every

From Great Britain. British.|Foreign.

- 'S 3i

- n

i— 4 Ji

I-----8

square yard thereof

j Bag Holland, of Holland making, the ell

I----- And further for every square

' L yard thereof -

linen rags, free

Litmus, the 11 sib. free if for dyers use

Lockers, or chapes for daggers; ’the groce, con wining twelve-dozen

From other

Countries,

K- ' d- £ < 1

r~

~ ’7f

i:

- 9i

- 4

- 1 -31

- n

- r - si

- ,— 33

8*

- 8

- .8

- 1 I

~—9i

4i

- > S

- 85

- 7 9i

- S3

- 4r . 12 j

- 8

1 rt

- 8

3 '81 Budget

:f And for and upon all damalk towelling, napkins and cloths, made ‘of -flat or hemp, _not being of the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty of s|d by the yard, if the fame be y rd wide, or under, and of is. jjd per yard, if the fame be above one yard, and under two yards wide; and of zs. qfd. per yard, if the fame be two yards wide or more. 4

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

\C-

- I

O

From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign.

inwards.

fBmlget or hanging locks, fraall. the groce, contVming twelve cozen

Hanging -locks, large, the groce, containing twelve dozen

pBox, chest and cupboard locks, the groce -

Horse locks, the dozen

°--i Sprjngrdonhle, 'the dozen

g '-Locks, tfingle, the dozen

[’Stock (double, the dozen

I L-Lock» tangle, the dozen

Looms, called'weavers looms, free.

c Cullen making, with cases; the dozen'

v Venice making, with cases; the dozen

-Catlings; the groce, containing twelve dozen knots

Lute-strings, -j-vide harpftrings.

Minikins, th^ groce, containing j ' twehe dozen knots

nr «i fCrop madder, and all other bale I

Madder \ r V ,t ->

e r \ madder, the .112m.

(tree if J

ford,- J Fat madder, the uaib. ars ule (. raaj(jcr> tkic 11 jib.

Magnus, the hundred wt. containing mlb.

Maps, printed, the ream.

Marbles; for children, the thousand

' Match, for guns, the twenty pounds

Methejjlin, :the hogshead

'Metalleaf, except fiber or gold, the packet, J containing two hundred and fifty leaves

Mithridate, the pound

Mortars and pefttes of *brafe, the pound

Mum, the barrel

Muffin, (plain white) the square yard

Mustard feed, the 11 alb.

f Chair nails lacquered, or -unlacquered, j the thousand

Nails I PPer na'ls, rose nails, and sadler? vocat'^ natlc; the sum, containing ten thou-

Ifand

Harness nails, the sum, containing! L ten thousand - j-

Vci. XX.

i- 1 4 1-

r— t 8* —

£ d. £ -4. J.

- 6 Hi - 7

- '39- >s *»3

- 6 — 6 <5c

- 2 0 — 2 2i

- 4 — 4 5i

- 2 7* — 2 10

~ j J — 5

- .3 - 3 4

2 09J 4

6 2 o 6 12 0

- 9i — I -

- 6 10 . - 7 41

- 3 u. - 3 I#

- X 8i — 2 O

- OO — SI

- 2 — .3 °i

I 0 4j t 2 I

- I o — I9

- ;2t -— '31

- 1-0 2 — II I

2 7i — 2 91

- j o M* - 5 6i

- 4? — 4i

- 'S 4 — 16 6-4

- 'a 5

- i ‘4 — i

- 3 3 — 3

- 3 3 — 3 ti

- 3 — 5 6i

From other Countries.

Head

82

Chap.; 4.

The Fortieth Year f George 'III. 'Schedule A.

INWARDS.

fHcad nails, the barrel

' Nails,! Small nails, the half barrel

vocat '

' 1 Spring nails, the sum, containing ten

thousand ' Neats tongues, of Russia, the dozen

f Sewing needles, the twelve thou-Needles,! faml

-vocat* j Pack needles, the thousand (Sail needles, the thousand rSmall nuts, the barrel

- Nuts, J Chesnuts, the baarel

t'Walnuts, the barrel

Oaker, the barrel

' Oakum, the mlb.

Ore, vocat. iron ore, the ton

Olives, the hogshead -

rthe banel.

Onions, J the hundred bunches LSeeds, the nzib.

Oranges and lemons, the thousand

Orchal, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

if for dyers use, free Oil cloth, the yard

| Oil of jeflamine, the pound Oil extracted from juniper berries, free. 'Oil of vitriol, free.

Linfccil oil, or Tape oil, by subjects, the ton -

- by strangers, the ton

Seville, Majorca, Minorca, Apuglia, Flo:

- O "j rence, and Portugal, bysubje&sj the

ton

- , by Granger.', the ton

Sallad oil, by subjects, the ton

- , by strangers, the ton,

- j’Grecnland, by subjects, the ton

b—-----——, by Urangers, the ton

Oil, head matter, or other produce of whales, or other ere nures living in the las, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew oi any lliip or vessel built m Great Britain, Ireland, or the illamls of Gucriifey, Jersey, or Man. wholly owned by his ,'!a-.jetty's subjects usually redding tucicin rc-

From Great Britain.

-Britishi.

/. tl 1 o 4t j o 4)

- n

59

- 8

1 3*

in

- 11

:3 4

- 3 J

- ’ 7

- 6

2 r£ 10 2

Foreign.

t1 16 8?

12 59?

I s. d. £ s. d.

i 0 5>! 2 4

2 0 Pi 2 4 oi

- 1 8i — 1 ir

- U — — 3$

- 12 1 — 13 1

- 2 75 - 2 10

I 4 - t S'

- 2 7i - 2 10

- 3 10 — 4

- I 8f — 1 11

- 3 4 - 3 10

- 45 — — 4v

- 7 - —9?

2 0 8 2 4

- lOj — — 11

- 4 — 4 7*

- 10 2 - 11 11

- *9 I 1 2

- 3 .0. — 4 Si

- 2 >5 - 2 2j

7} U

11 16 44 CO 129e

C2 5 9. <3 19

s 6 81 5 <5 S*

6 3 3? 6 3 3t

8 09'4 1 -

90 °J <0 ‘3 Si

1 5 s 1 5 S

19z'i 193*

From other Countries.

fpciflivclyi

'The Fortieth Year of Qtorge 111.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

ISmiOi.

INWARDS.

fp-flively, may on imiiortatio.'i be admitted to entry-, and landed without payment' of any duty whatever.

AVr For British plantation and American oil, vide schedule C.

Oylters, pickled, the gallon

rin flceans, the mlb.

I acktlircad, £ voclt Bottom tltread, the I oo!b.

fDrippng and hying pans, the

Pans, vocat. < 11

[-Warming pans, the dozen

("Blue paper, the ream I And for every ten poundsweight there -| of, a further duty of

| Brown paper, the bundle j And for every ten pounds weight there-

3l of, a further duty of

] Gold paper, the small groce

& PrelTuig paper, the hundred leaves - £< j And for every ten pounds weight thereof, a further dnty of

Paper of all other kinds, except paper j hangings, as specified in schedule D, L the ten pounds avoirdupois

:Pasteboard for books, the thousand

And a further duty after the rate of ten shillings for every I'lilb. weight.

Parchment, the roll, containing fir dozen sheets -

Peas, called, garden peas, the bushel if for lowing, free

Penners, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Piercer bits, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Pike heads, the -piece

j-wi bout heads, the piece Pikes, heads, the piece

Pincers, or plyers, the dozen Pins, die twelve thousand

/for children, the groce, containing twelve dozen

7

6

6

7

- i

- ii

- 4*

- ir

- i

- a

- 3

n

15 4

- 12 85

- 11 6

1.5 4$ 1 3i

1 10}

- 9i

1 10.J 3 5* 3 ?! 1 to*

- 4

Pipes,

Cfor tabors, the dozen '*

ffmall band, the last, containing 12 1 barrels -

t

forc'uj

iliips

great band, the hit, containing 12 j barrels

j - in foreign

\ Blips -

- e »l*

- 2 51

- Si

/ 3

- 6

- 1 j 1

- 5

- 801

Foreign.

v. d.

From other Countries.

16 - '3

Si

6

Q

- 12 -3r

- 16 6i 1 6

3

- 4

6 6j

5

- ii — 1 25 ----- n

J H

- 8 01

ii

- 46. u o:

- 7 A-

- II I

- s 6 -H

- li

I —

I 2r

5

H

1

- S 1.13

- in

-66

- 12 4

Plain

Eke Fortieth Year.-of - George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Plain irons, the dozen -

PJaifter of Paris, the mount, containing-3000 weight

fof cedar, the foot

Planks, <1 of England, the hundred feet, con* £ taming five score

f Single, white or black, the barrel, i containing 300 plates

Double, white or black, the barrel,

Plates,

‘vocat.

j containing 300 plates

From Great Britain.

British.

rf.

3l

>5

- Jiartiror Stone,

Pots

vocat.

Harness plates, C !liebund)C)Contain.

Irondoubles, [ ^.PP^es |- 7*

Playing tables of walnut tree, the pair

'of thread, the great groce, containing 12 small groce

i* of capiton, the great groce, containing iz small groce - — ..5

Points, , of fine fdk, the small groce, containing 1 a’ dozen

——And for every lb. weight'of silk not of the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia,or the East Indies

Pomegranates, the thousand -

Pomy, or pumice stones, the ton -

f Covered, the ico call con-- 1 taining-five score —9

Pots, vocat. ef^ Uncovered, the 100 call,

1 containing a gallon to every cast, whether in one t - pot or more

"Gallypots, the 100, containing five score

Iron, not exceeding 4- gallons each the dozen

I Melting-pots for goldsmiths, the hundred

LAllpots and kettles of iron, the dozen 1

Printing letters ortypes, the n2lb. - — 12

SPuUies of iron, the groce, containing u dozen

of woodj the groce, containing 12 dozen

Quinces, the hundred weight Rackets, the piece

Raddle, the barrel - - — 1

Rapcfeed, the quarter - - I— a

Foreign. -----6

Fronvothec

Countries.

- .9*

4 Si - >1 =7* — 5 ~ 5 -4- — — i

8 - 7 8 - 8 5i

-4 — 15 4 — 16 tie

7i -, S 'j - 5 61

III — 71 — I JO

7* ~.S 'i - 5 «i

I? — 10 2 — II I

10? — ’ 7 71 - .3

7i 5 7* S 1 7i

9— 10 9I — u 8i

5* -7 5* - 7 -6l

0 — >3 *1 — 138I

- H - o| - 14 51

-8 — 8j - <3 n

ioi -. 7 ' 7i - 8 3i

n — I — I —

103 1 18 0} 2 0 '9

-Si 1 5.5 1 7 <S|

6i 193 t n '41

71 - I 2‘ - - 5 61

6 - t 0 " - 1 I*

~ it.- 3t

3« " - I - 3i J— 1 - 6

6k i - 3 -6k 3 u{ Rattles

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

Horn Great Rriuiu. Tiom «w

Ihiiiih. I I'orc»j;«- Ccumucs.

INWARDS.

f the grocc, containing Rattles for children, 3 t" elre ozcn

[_\vith bells, the do?cn Razors, the dicker, containing ten Reaping hooks, or hckles, the dozen Regums, the iulb.

Riband

‘of fdk of all forts, and all other!

manufofuircs, the pound, con-1 1 taming sixteen ounces -

of gold, silver, or both, the pound, I containing sixteen ounces

Rice, vide schedule C. j

Rims for iieves, the groce, containing twelve I dozen - - - V

ffor curtains, the pound

I for keys, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

2 Ol ! O 7

- 41 j 6 ip ‘of

I

6 p

Sr

s5

A. T>.

j 80a.

CImr- 4*

___

| of brass, copper, or St. Martin’s, the

Rings, grocc, containing twelve dozen

small, the box, containing two grocc, twelve dozen to each grocc

of hair, the grocc ^of wire, the grocc

Rosin, if not of the product of any of tlvc Dritifli dominions or plantations in America, or the West Indies, and imported in ships built and navigated according to law, for every 112ib.

- And if imported in any foreign built vessel, for every 11 alb.

Saddles, of Reel, the piece

Saihore, the 11 db. if for dyers life, free.

SaffoTn, vide barilla.

Saffron, the pound

- 7*

- 1 4

- n

3

- 2 7-

- 10 2

3 10

5

3 Ij

3 11

s J;

10 2

s

; Si - 9* i 2*

3 n 3

s 6i

II >1

s 3»

(the liulhcl, containing eight S.ur, v.-hitcof j gallons all (inti. j

I-----, in foreign ll.ijij

Salt, vot.it, roc'.: salt, the ton fijlt-pctre, the 112lh.

f Frame-fatt'S, each j Haml-fatvs, ihe ilozen Sav/s, vocai.^’ Rcg-saws, the piece

Tcnam-faivs, the dozen ViViiip-fawi, lire piece

|— — 10 — 11

I:

S

I 7i 1. 8i 1 81 3 Si

I A

L_

2 — 2 —

} ">

1 Si

I II I II

3 si

1 5

Scales,

V

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Sieves of hair, the dozen Shag, ftufH or hair, the yard "Vocnt. forceps, the groce for glovers, the pair Garden flieers, the dozen 2 for feamfters, the dozen

V J

r new, the pair for (hearmen, \

i old, the pair

Sheep Iheers, the dozen

for taylors, the dozen

Sheaths for knives and forks, the groce

Shot, the 112lb.

Shruff, oroljbrafs, the H2lb.

Shumack, the ii2lb.

Free, if for dyers use.

forgazine silk, the lb, containing sixteen ounces

Silk, raw, not being of the growth or culture of any of his Majesty's colo-niesin America, for everypounu weight, containing twenty-four ounces

- I 4 - 8J

- I 84

- 3

Schedule A. From Great Britain. From other

British. Foreign, Countries.

llUV ARDS. -d. £ i. d- £ 4.

r for razors, the dozen 2 31 4

S 1 s r bundle, 1 ^nS 100 25: 6 6

"vide brass.

Scarlet powder, vide grains* Sciflars, the groce - S III — 10 2 — I r —«

Scythes, the dozen — 2 7i — 4 IO; - S 61

Scythe (tones, the dozen -2 31 cn 1 l

Sea-holly roots, the 112lb. 1 CO - 8 si — 8 101

Kca horse teeth, the pound 8f 8f — — 10

f Cinque foil, or clover* the n 2lb. Seeds, i I Millet, the tt sib. - — 2 IO — 2 J 0 - 2 19

- 2 If — 2 Ij — 26

Vide drugs, for feeds of agnus cofcus, ameos,

amomi, carraway, carthamus, corian 'er, fenneii, p-ony, poppy, and femcn thlapfii.

'Seeds, (other feeds) for gardens* the ii2lb. — 18 — 1 3 1 1 8 3

- 7i

- I 8t II

2 If -----8j

- in 7

i

Sattin (ilk, the pound, cont.--.ing sixteen ounces

Silk nubs walfe or hulks, the pound, containing twenty-one ounces

Thrown fiik, (undyed) the pound, con- mining sixteen ounces

I Thnwn fiik, dyed, the pound, contain-t. ing sixteen ounces

- I 4 - 8.

3 SI - 3

- 6 41

- 'll

3 Si

i 8|

4 if i 4 3 IO 7 8

i 8i

- 1 n — 1 ft

- 5 ii - S n|

- 33 — 3i

- 4 2 i — 4 ni

- 6 4i - 7 Si

Chiiu

- i <5 84

- 3 8f

- 31

- fi

- u

- S «i

~ 3 «i

- in

4 Si

1 S 4 if 8 uf

- a o|

2 <5'

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS

'China Damalk, the yard

Cloth of gold, plain, the yard

- of silver, wrought, the yard

of tissue, the yard

And funher, if of the manufacture of Great Britain, Persia, or the East Indies, an additional duty per yard of

otherwise, and not of the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty for every pound weight thereof

All lilts wrought of the fabric or manufacture of the East Indies, Italy, or any part or phn es whatsoever, the pound weight, containing sixteen ounces

Silk manufacture, not otherwise rated, mixed with gold, silver, or both, the pound

Sheets for whitfters, the lkcet

Smalts, free

Snuff, the pound

Snuffers, not being lacquered or japanned, the dozen

Soap fBlack, free.'

vocat. iCaftile, or Venice, the U2lb.

Spades, for gardeners, the dozen

Spangles, of copper, the thousand,

Spectacles, without cases, the groce

fSpirits perfe£Uy made, and not exceeding lingle proof, the gallon

Brand/, geneva, and other foreign spirits perfectly made, and not exceeding Tingle proof, the gallon

- , in foreign flrips, the gallon

Rum, not of the British plantations, the gallon

—, in foreign ships, the gallon

- » of the British plantations, vide Schedule C.

- 10

- *5

S

From Great Britain.

British.

Foreign.

*s.i

And for ever/ gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of tingle spirits, an additional duty for such spirits to he paid in proportion to the duties payable for fmgle {pints of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which it shall bear to lingle spirits of the fame denomina-f tion.

And by $1 Geo. 2. Cap. to AllJhrubor other mixedf iri's imported into this hngdom^shall be deemed and taken to be fmgle spirits or joints perfectly made9 and pay as such.

- <5 io|

C- ’ A

- 6 loi

- 10 2 if 4 5 S

—97 s XI 3

1 if 7 6 79?

—* — H mmm — H

- 9} - 1 »r

- 8 — I 81

- *9 oj

- 2 7i — J U

- 2 — 31

- 2 s — 4 "i

- i it

f i* 3

6 17

i

- 5

- f

4*

6i

n

si

- 6 io|

- 6 10I

- 7

- 7

3*

3i

*7

From other Countries.

£ ' i Chap. 4

- 7 113

- II loi

- 17 loi

1971

T a

Spoon.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS. Spoons of hotn, the groce Sponges, vide drugs.

- Standifhcs, of brass, the dozen ————, of wood, the dozen

piece

dozen -

Starch, the i trib.

SiccJ,wisp or long Reel, the 11 alb*

Stockings, of silk, the pair

- , and for every pound weight

not British manufacture

- , for men or women, then

P2*1' " ' £ woollen

- , for children, the pair j

- , for men or women, the

pair - - >worsted

for children, the pair '

fStoue birds, or whittles, the small groce, containing twelve dozen

Blood (tones, the pound

Dog stones, the last, containing three pair to the last

2 Emery {tones, tide emery.

Flag (tones, tKc hundred feet

g Mill {tones, the piece

02 Pumice {tones, vide pomy.

Quern J Large; the last

Stones, £ Small, the last

Slick Bones, the i oo, containing five score

Straw hats, vide bads.

bturgeon, the firkin

- the keg

Succards, wet or dry, the pound

Sugar moulds or pots, the hundred, containing five score -

Sugars, vide groceries and schedulcsB.and C

Sword blades, of Venice, Turkey, or fine blades, the dozen

—, conrfe, of Fl.unlers-maVing, the

Front.Great Britain. BritiUu l Foreign.

s. rf.

2 Ol-

r. s.

- 2 0-

From other Countries.

- si

dozen

—, British, vide blades,

Table books, coarse, the dozen ———i fine, the dozen

- I u — 3 0; i 3 4t

I I 7- |" i I I

- 3l i— — 6 i — 71

- 8 3 i L 8 na? 10 4t

- 3 10 3 to 4 )

- 5 1} L 5 l-V ‘— 5 ih

i 5 i .»: 5 1 i 0

- 5 — — 5 i i — 5;.

- 2} — — 2i — 3

- 10 — — IO - I —

- si — — Si — — 6

- 6 - l — - i

- 1 4 — i 4 — i fii

- 7 - 7 7s - 10 1

- 6 o\ 6 o’; — 1

- 4 4 — 4 4 — s n

0 1 1k o i 2 3*

- 3 io| - 3 ioi — 4 61

- <3 6J — >3 *i — '3 8i

- 7 s — 8 3s

1 —

- 5 10 — I I

- S99 7 - to 2

- 3 IO-i 7 8 - 8 3*

5 - 5 6k

- I 4 2 7i /; 2 9i

- 2 I L

S -i I— J <55

Tables,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A. ITom-Great Britain. Britishi. I foreign. Prom other Countries.

INWARDS. £ j. ,1 .£ j* i{ 0 St

Tables. C Playing tables, of watjifcot and al

vuu'.t. £ other forts, coarse, the pair 8 V - 1 4 - 1 s

T jcJ:s of iron, the thousand n — 1 85 — lit

Tallow, the [ 1 alb. 8 8 8

T ir, fmill band, the Lift, containing twelve

b.mvis - — - 4 !’ - 4

Great band, the last, containing

twelve b.irrels — — 6 4I - 7 9i

- 10 7

T. rr?.«, the barrel — — 10 10 It

'IV a, green, or every pound weight thereof 7 —

black, bohea, or other tea, for every

pound weight thereof Si —

And if the same shall have been purchased at the East India company’s sale in

London, for an higher price than two shillings per pound weight, then an additional duty of two pence for every six pence British per pound weight, that shall be paid for the same, above the said sum or price of

two shillings British at iiich sale: the price

thereof to be inserted in the cocket, and

to be further ascertained by a reference

to die sale books of the East India company.

Teazels, the thous..nd -2} 2; 2-

Thimbles, ri.e thousand — 7 7i — >S -4 — 16 6i

' Bridges thread, the dozen pounds — — 11 6 — 12 0

Crolbnw thread, the dozen pounds, con-

taming five fcorc - S si — 16 iij — 18 4r

n of gold and silver, vide gold.

0 > Lyons or pari^ thread, the bale, contain-

al ing one hundred bolts 3 J 0 3 7 4l.

Outnal thread, the dozen pounds — 7 7i - >S 4 — 16 6i

Piecing thread, the dozen pounds — 10 2 1 0 4i I 2 1

Sifters thread, the pound — Ill - 3 10 -42

Whited brown thread, the dozen pounds p - 3 s - 5 m — 6 4}

Tiles, called pan tiles, vide bricks

1 infoil, the groce, containing twelve dozen -—6 6 6

Tin jlafs, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb. ~ 7 71_, 7} -9°

iinfel, with copper, the yard 6} - 1 4 - 1 S

with right of gold and silver, the yard ~ 1 4 -28 — 2 1®

1 mfiiorc, the groce, containing twelve dozen -- 31 1 1 03 3l

89

Cirjp.

Tobacco

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. BiUillu

INWARDS.

<F, s, d.

Tobacco, of the produce of Great Fnt'uu, j j\a;th America, or of the B'Uii’n p‘.tnt,-.u-|am, importer, uv.-t irom Great fi;or j

Foreign. /. s.

Frcmother

Ccuinrici.

j. d.

weight - P — 7 TV — — 7 rd r~ — 7 fe

anti if import? 1 by krawi-irs, or by any 1 \

Jaws n‘V,* ol d/i.'C be miijul to duty, then a further th.ry per pouii.l 1

w-e.^iit of iiubjVr.t in both cr.ks to ini.in-.i duty of __ I k — t-T0 ~ — I A.

excite.

Tobacco pipes, the grocc - — 6 — 10 i — 11

Tools, vocat. carving tools, the grccc, containing twelve cloven 7- . - 5 1 i 5' 6*'-

Tortoise lhelb the pound Trays of wood, the fl;otk, containing fixLy ! — a? — — O I V ’ f1

tuns - 2 7- " 2 7 " 3 C4

Treacle, Fl.i-nlers treacle, :i:e barrel i I 0 43 i 2 I

o: jean, the pound i_ ~ — 3 — — 3 e

and further, for e\ cry hundred v/t. thereof

1 J 4-i

Trees of ail forts, ircc.

Trowels, the dozen I — — 2 — L 2 2 -

Trumpets, vide Inwf;.

Twill, fur land firings, the dozen knots 1 <r: 7? — 2 10

of gold or hiver, the ounce Tin, of Cornwall and Devonfiiiiv, iir.v. rougln, the u2lb. — 5 I I " I 0‘- I 11

*——, vocat. grain tin, free.

- , wrougdt, vocat. pewter, the 1121b. - to 2? — IC 21 II 11

Trenchers, v.lice soit, common, tnc grace,

coiiLuiung tv/e.vv doyen — 6 — " 6 — — 7

red, or painted, the grocc, containing twelve dozen i 6 3 o j 3 u

‘Tuvpemine, oil or spirits, for every un pound weight — i Is — i 7a I 7 s

Vellum, for table books, the ihin - i 4 __ i 4 — I <5;

Velvet, the pound t s 5 r> 7 oV ] I 3'r

Vcrrlber, the hundred wt. containing rizlb. — 3 Si — 3 s'- — 4 o'i

Viols, the piece — I 8'- j - 3 5* — 3 Si

Vice harp?, the dozen — — a i — 7 — — 7

Vices, for smiths, the vice — — I [ 8 — I 11

Vinegar, the ton Ill 1 l; 7 l3 O': 7 >3. ioy

Vizards, the dozen 3 n 6 If - 6 73

Wax, the hundred -.vciglit, containing 11:1b. 4 2.5 4 -5 7 '5i

- , vocat. hard wax, the pound 3i — 33 — *14

Weld, nr woold draw, the hundred weight if for dyer* use, free. 1 " i 1

"Whalebone,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

Biiriln.

INWARDS.

*7Iia!come, c.mglit nr aired by British or Irift

’ subjects* thi hundred weight

]?ins of whales, taken amt c.uight in any part of the ccean, by die crew of any ft ip or: v.iTJ, built in Great Brii:.in, Irchml, or the 'lies of Guernsey, Jersey, ov Man, v.-h‘V.- owned by ids MajestA tuhjccV, iiuui-v raiding therein respat.vc’.y, are jjoon impiTt.iuu.i to be aUT.iticd to entry, ami landed without n.iynv:t ox any dut. wbnfjj'.'cr. \ri le fcliedit'c C.

*e, not Hirilb or Irish, caupht- id cured, the ban red weight

'.V’.A-I':>' i-Tii Lie hundred Ircnco, coir using i.'.e u.;i’e

Whip e-,‘d, Aa hundred v.ciebt.

Vi’iii cock-, or bellow?, t/etyore

- , o' -ks er hied.; <<f ikne, the :>\vM

'.':v..nrltrg ivv^l.e d-'.

Y.’iikin:., the Iwimhvd v.'c.'c: l

"Wo.ul. YOC.i'. or j;n .:n v.-ojJ, the for,

cont.mimtr twenty he:.died wei.n.c If for dyers ie, free.

WoadjTholoufe, the hundred containing if for dyers uie, tree.

pgreat, the hundred containing one hundred and twenty balk

- , in foreign ships

NTote> //'7g/> .{so cf rg?:t iih'.'-i'-' fu tarty t:»tf rpxiw.Y.V, metolc

valid iitulp ij as

Mi die, under eight, and-above five inches, fiju ire, the hundred, containing i o balk

- , in foreign blips

i. kc-

3 io

Foreign.

From other Countries

C. s. d.

10 j

3 'i

- 6

_4

- 3 >;

- a —

' 3 '

- 6 cV

- 4

1 13 I

2 —9

- U Or

fm-iH, five Indies and umler, the hundred. containing j 20 b.tik

- , in foreign d ips

n.UTei, the 1 20 boards

- , in foreign ships

Clip beards, the 1 20 boards

- ill foreign ships

Pipe-boards, or pipe-holt, the 120 b nrds '

- 7 71

in foreign ships

hoi wood, for combs,- the tiinuf.tml pieces

!r«i! or Pernambuco tvootl, 7 VidePchc

Brjzillettoor Jamaica wood, J

Ih',4, t];c lmndreti, containing fix score, tout-; 8 feet in length, ami under 12 feet in booh, and not exceeding in C taiekness 2t inches

Z a

- '3 >i

- 7 4'

-: 7’.

- 3 -1

2 —9

- 14 03

71

- '3 >1

7 4;

7i

- 16 ’7

r — 41

- & Si

- 10 7J

- >3 2j

- >3 5i

- 7 71

- S

- 3

- 3 to

- 4 lit

- S 4i

- 2 J

‘ 3 '

- 6 j.

- > n

1 -trt 3J

3 4i — 4 oi

2 S 9t

2 15 11 V

3

- to . 2J — n ij

Deals.

92

A.D. 1800.

Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Deals, the hundred, containing fix score -----.f jn foreign ships

£ s. rf.

-, 3 inches

in foreign ships

3 i indies - in foreign ships

-, 4 inches

in foreign ships

47 indies

- in foreign ships

- , being 12 feet in length, and under 14 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2j inches - in foreign ships

3 inches

- , in foreign ships

-, 3| inches

in foreign ships

inches

- in foreign ships

—, 4-5 inches

- , in foreign ships

- , being 14 feet in length, and under 16 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2h inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 3 inches

- , in foreign ships

3^ inches

in foreign ships

inches

in foreign ships

4!inches

- in foreign ships

being \6 feet in length, and under 18 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2£ inches

- , in foreign ships

3 inches

in foreign ships

From Creat Britain.

Briufli.

£ of- rf-

Foreign.

From Gt},fr I Countries

- '3 7i

- 12 rt

11 io.i

- 13 11

- M II;

16 cj

- 13

- *4 7i

- '5

- 1<S pi

- 17 "I

15 2±

16 6i

1. I

~ '5 4

12 II

~ '4

- 14 —

17 10;

- 14 11;

19 0;

- 15 111 I ~ 4

- 13 11

- 17 10

- if /!

- 19 4*

- 16 4

1 — to4

- 17 Si 1 2 3i

- .189

1 3 9r

- 15 9;

1 - Si

- 17 i*

1 2 2 - 18 si

1‘ 3 ."i

- 1991 S 11

I I I

i 7 3*

- 17 10;

1 3 1

- 19 4s

1 4 I0»

Desk,

2

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

inwards.

the hundred, containing fix icors

__________37 inches

____.__________ in foreign ships

______ -j 4 inches

__________ in foreign ifcips

______ 41 inches

i__________, in foreign snips

___, being 18 feet in length, ami un-

j der 20 feet in length, ami not exceeding in thickness 2l inches

__________ , in foreign ships

__________k, 3 inches -

__________ in foreign fl:ips

_______—, 3r-inchfs

_______——-----, in foreign ships

93

From Great Britain, j From oilier A.D. Britishi.

f. i. d.

- 17

19 oj

- , 4 indies

- , in foreign ships

- , 44 inches

- , in foreign ships

Deal cmh, the hundred, containing fix \ feore,' being under 5 feet in length, F i and not exceeding in thickness 2; inches

IIL"

- - in foreign ships

- 3 indies

- , in foreign flips

37 inches - — in foreign ships

- , 4 inches

in foreign flips

41- inches

- j— 2 6'.

in foreign ships 1-----__________

—, being 5 rent in length, anti in: ct-cct-thirt 8 left in length, ami nut ex-cccdiim in tliicbicfs ze inches

r. n: —

—37 inches

*—- , .4 inches

d.

<99

6 9*.

2 3?

8 Sr

3

10 7i

'9tol

5 9}

1 51

7 1}i

4 9i

1 1 ICi

49!

1 1 I Ol-

6

«4 8i

3 or

3 10'

3 21

4 I-y

3 6i

4 6\

- 3 S!

- 4 10;.

- 4 Ox

- 5 jl

- 3 ni

A a

- 5 "

- 4 4 S si

4 7r

5 "r

- 4 ><i Ml

JJe.rlsi

9

A/D.

1800.

Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A. From Great Britain.

INWARDS.

{"Dials, the hundred, containing fix score,

I 4 r inches

j - in foreign ships

! Ebony wood, the hundred weight, con*

1 raining i 1 2lb.

- If of Africa, and imported from

thence or from Great IJtitaiu, unmanufactured, free.

Fire wcod, the fathom

- , in foreign ships

Fu flick,

Logwood,

Red or Guinea wood,

| Speckled wood

Vide Schedule C.

; Mafis, capravcns, being boat marts of j twelve inches circumference in themid-

& die, the hundred, containing fix score

1.

- , in foreign ships

- , for ships, small, the mail

- , in foreign ships

- , middle, the mart

- , in foreign ships

—93a

- 1 6

- , great, the mart

- , in foreign ships

Oars, the hundred, containing fix score - in foreign ships

Spars, booms, the hundred, containing I2C

I-----, in foreign ships

- , small, the 106, containing fix score

- , in foreign ships,

Spars, cant, the hundred, containing fix score

in foreign ships

Staves, viz. barrel Haves, pipe staves, headings, or other staves for making calks, for every thousand, at fix score to the hundred

Sweet wood of the-West Indies, the hundred weight, containing u 2lb.

Timber, the ton or load, containing fifty feet

- , in foreign ships

Trunnels, the thousand

Wainfcots, the hundred, containing fix score

in foreign ships

Wool, of all forts, free.

j Briiifli. Foreign.

} 4 /* ' r. f

- 49-

- > 33 — S9— 1 33

- 3

7 n

- 5 hi

93f

—' 1 6

- 7

- 5 ui

- 1 35

~ 1 3$

4 10 cl

3

2

- 1

4 10

23

il

3i

(From other i Countries.

~TT

j- ! 41

|— 6 io}

- 67$

- I rt

- I II

- 10 ICA

- 12 II

- I S-;

- 3 si

- 39!

- 8 c;

- 8 ni

> S 42

1 II9

- 6 7$.

- 8 oj

- 3 oi

- 3 10

2 oil 224

- 35

- 3 8l.

- 2 45

- 3

- 1 6

4 13

5 1 8

Dagger

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A. From Gre Britishi. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. £ * £ < rf- £ ' .

Dagger and quartern wire, the pound Iron wife, the hundred weight, con- si — — --Ill

taining H2lb. and further, (except Britishi) for - tf 41 - 6 41 - 7 Si

every one hundred pounds weight batten wire, the hundred weight, con- 3 3 61 3 3 91

timing inJb. -it CO rt 1 S S 1 7

Steel wire, die pound 4i 91 It

Strafliorough wire, the pound — II II

Virginal wire, the pound 'Cable yarn, the hundred weight, con- - S Si - S oi — 6 ij

raining n2lb. Camel or mohair yarn, the pound, — 2 J - 2 7l 4l

containing sixteen ounces f the 112lb. Cotton yarn, 1 i of Tur'.ey, the 112lb. Grogrnm yarn, the final! pound, con- 3* t - - 1 1 1 Gy OJ — — 41 1 3 1

- 111 I — 6; 1 3 r

c raining sixteen ounces Raw linen yarn, Dutch or French, the

t'* pound ... Seal yarn, the hundred weight of 11 alb. Scorchyarn, the hundred weight of 112lb. Spruce or Mufcow yarn, the hundred 1 0 «>> I 1 1 31

weight, couuimuj 1 > alb. Woollen and bay yarn, the hundred wt. ""— — - 4 n - 4 III

L containing 112lb. Note, An additional duty of fty pounds per centum) to he paid on the full amount of the said duties [except fit-gars), if imported by retailers or cen-fumers. HIDES. - 8 S - 8 S —910

Buff hides, the hUe , but if tanned, for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois, a fur- - 3 d — 3 '1 — 3 71

ther duty of Cow or ox hides of Barbary or Mafeavy :’i hide - but if tanned, for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois, a fur- 10 - 1 0!

ther duty of , Cow, ox, and horse hides, in the hair, (not American) the piece A a -1-1 I — - 1 ai

nl Ilf — I 0 Cov,

9J

A.D. 1800.

Chap. 4.

Ai:

The Fortieth- Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Gov.', ox, ami liorfo hide.', tanned, (not American) the piece

- , anil a further

duty fov every tenpoumUvwight,:ivcirdupo:s

Lofli hides, (not American) the piece

- , hue if tanned - for cm cry ten pounds

weight thereof, avoirdupois, a i'ua'ter duty of

Red, or Mufcovia hide';, tanned, coloured, or i.nco!ourcd, the liidc -

- , and a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois -

And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

SKINS.

Buck, or deer /Inns in the hair, the Ann

—,-----} dressed, the ficin

- , hut if tanned, a further

duty for every ten-pounds weight-thereof, avoirdupois

Calf skins in the hair, the iMn

- , raw, the cloven

- , tanned, the dozen

- , and a further duty for every ten

pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

c'Cordovant, of Scotland, the dozen

- but if tanned, a further duty for

for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoir dupois

- Dog fiHiihius for tfetchers, the dozen

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois -

Fox.Hans, dressed, the dozen

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois -

Goat Heins, if raw and undressed, and imported in British or Irish vessels, navigated according to law, free.

- , of Barbary, or the East country,

in the hair, the dozen Heins

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

From Great Britain. I’From other Bririih.|Foreign. Countries.

j-. ii. s. d. \£. i. d.

I 0:

- i .4

-i —

- i

- i 6k

- i o

- i -8>

- i -+l

i — ~ i ,«i

r=

- t

2 J-----.7

- t 75

1 —

2 7

- t o

i —

- 3 Jl

- 6

r -oi

- 3 n>

- I o*

Goat

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.'

inwards.

SKINS.

Goat Heins, of England and Scotland, in the hair, die dozen skins

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois -

__________ tanned, the dozen

__________ and a further duty for every ten

pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Huls tkins for flctchers, the ioo skins

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Kill skins, in the lnir, die hundred, containing five fcorc -

- , dressed, die hundred, containing

five fcorc

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois -

Portugal (kin?, the dozen skins

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Seal thins, if raw and undressed, and taken by die crews of vessels belonging to, and fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, jevl'ey, Guernsey, or Man, and uavigated according to law, free.

- } the Jkin

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Shamois Heins, the dozen

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Sheep thins, in the wool, for every ten skins

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

£ d.

From Great Britain. British. I Foreign.

£ '

5 H

From other Countries.

- 5

- 90

- a 7s

- 92

- i 'i

- 5 H

1 —

- 3 n

s "i

- 1 oi 11 5*

3 7j

- S 11

- 1 oi

- s 11*

- 1 ot

Vol. XX.

li 1.

- is

- I oi

- 4 0]

- 1 Oi

- I Oi

i—. [ — l_ I oi SpaniHi

I

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule A.

inwards.

SKINS.

Spanish, Turkey, East India, Seville, or Cor-dovant iklns, the dozen skins

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten younds weight thereof, Avoirdupois

Spruce fleins, tawed, tnc dozen

- but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, Avoirdupois -

Sprure, Muscovia, or Danlk skins tanned, die dozen -

- , and a further duty for every

ten pounds weight thereof, Avoirdupois

From Great Britain.

British.

Foreign.

From other Countries.

d. £. s. i

- 12 8j — 149

- A

71 — t 1a —

LEATHER.

'Basil leather, the dozen

Hangings, gilt, the piece

- , and a further duty for every

ten pounds weight thereof, Avoirdupois

Leather for maiks, the pound

- , and a further duty for every

pound weight thereof, AvcirdupHs

r HIDES and SKINS dressed in Oil, over - and a^ove all other Duties.

-Hides of all forts, other than as herein after mentioned, for every pound weight Avoir.

'dupois

Goat and beaver ikius, for every p.und weight Avoirdupois

Calve d ins,-for every pound \ve:ght Avoirdupois -

Sheep and Lamb skins, for every ten pounds weight, Avoirdupois

And so in proportion for any greater or lef-, quantity.

VELLUM and PARCHMENT, over and above all other Duties.

Vellum, for every dozen skins

Parchment, for every dozen skins

Ami so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Note, An additional duty of six pounds per centum, on the amount of do duties, if imported by retailers or confunters.

- 6

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule B. No. I. and II.

99 A.D. 1800. Chap. 4.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom, filled or unfilled, subject to Aliens Duty, or otherwise,

No. II. A Table of the Drawbacks to be allowed on due Exportation of Wines, except to- the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Schedule B. No. .1.

For every (on of wine imported.

Duties on Wines. If not subject to aliens duty. If subject to aliens duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

inwards. r. s. d. £ /. d. 0 f rf- £ '

French wines Fomina! and Mjileira wine, fynnifli and Canary wine, ami all wines of the dominions of Spain and the r?4 — 0 S9 t2 O'J 55 4 ill fit 12 la

wines of Naples and Sicily 41 10 It] j8 14 — 43 4r 40 — a*

Rhcnifli wine If) 7 IOJ 26 i) 7s 30 >94i is 7 t.f

All other wines If) 18 4i 2?9oj 3' '3 4$ 29 - 7

Note—An additional duty of six pounds per centum, to be paid on the full amount of the said duties if imported by retailers or coitfumers.

Schedule

I 00

A.D. 1800. Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of ' George III.

Schedule B. No. II.

Drawbacks on every tun of wine exported, except to the British plantations.

Not having paid Aliens j Having paid Aliens Duty. jj Duty.

Drawbacks on Wines. Filled. Unfilled. j Filled, j Unfilled.

OUTWARDS, £ ' £ ' i; £ A£. 1. 1 61 7 4 57 49

French wine 60 10 i\ 5<S9°i

Portugal and Madeira wines, Spanish and Canary wines, and all wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily 36 10 3* 3-14 0 ! 1 i 1 36 — ioj; 33 14 6

All other wines 23 0 IOj 21 12 11 > 23 <? 101:21 h 11

FOREIGN WINES.

For and upon nil Portugal and Madeira wines, Spanish and Canary wine, and all wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of £ J. d. Naples and Sicily, which shall on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, be in his Majesty's llorcs, or in the Acres or warehouses of any dealer in, or retailer of wines, for every ton thereof, and proportionally for any greater or less quantity - 6-----

For 'and upon all French wines, which shall on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thous.uid eight hundred, be in his Majesty's (lores, or in the llorcs ot warehouses of any dealer in, or retailer of wine, for, every ton thereof, and proportionally for any greater or less quantity - - -9— —

Sdicdui:

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

IOI

Schedule B. No. III.

Tables of the Net Duties to be paid on the Importation oi all Sugars into this Kingdom, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof.

Duties and Drawbacks on Britishi refined L 1,utI 0111 Drawback

| Importation j on Export,i-

: Britain.

INWARDS. £ ' d £ '

Sugar Canity, for every hundred weight, containing 112lb. - I 17 I t 1 13 7

Loaf Sugars refined, not being candy or bastards, for every hundred weight, containing H2lb. I 17 II 1 10 4

Refined Sugars, called bastards, and all grou id and powdered refined, and all refined loaf sugars broken in pieces, for every hundred weight, containing mlb. 1 3 1 - 189

A.D. 1800.

I (too. Chap. 4.

Schedule B. No. III.

Duties and Drawbacks on East India, and all Foreign Sugars.

' Duty on Importation. If imported from Grcatilf importe Britain. 1 Cou from other ntrics. , on Exporta-in.

From Great Britain. From other Countries. Drawback on Exportation. [Drawback tic

To Great Britain. To other Countries. To Great llritain. To other Countries.

INWARDS. & ' ,1. j. ti. /;. ... f. 1. </. If. /. J. £ ' d-

Musc;iv;u!o.t]tc

I Huiuhcd wt

containing

1 I2lb. 1 K) I 1 r 1 12 1* ‘ 5 7! 1 s 7; 19n; ‘ 5 7;

White, the hundred wt.

containing

Itilb. 2 J 3s 293; ! 0 II' 2 0 IIJ 2 S 3s 2 0

Refined, the

y hundred wt.

containing

mlb. 4 >7 8s 5 61°3 4 to i't; 10 1 \ 4 17 8; 4 10 1 i

102 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Dnty on Importation.

From Great From other

Britain.

Countries.

If imported from Greatlf imported from other ' . Britain. ! Countries.

Drawback on Exporta iDrawbjck on Expc-m. rion. 1 " twn.

INWARDS. I/;. j. A.

To Great Britain.

To other To Great ! T« other Countries. Britain. C.unrri:*.

d. ;a

Of the growth, p:n! duce, or inamu..c»{ turc of the Fall lr.-j dies, for every f. ion; of the value thereof British mo:K*y> nc-

neeoruiirg to the gross price at which inch fug^rs shall have been pubi'chly sold at the Bast In dia company’s fare» in London -

And an additional dn* ty for every hund rd weight, tont.'ining U2ib.

i

j

i

l9 -3t

2 8|

Ip I,) 3i 40 II) 3!

Jei. by 4S.-id Ids by 4s. ad.

j per C. wt. per C. wt.

- 2 8; - J 8!

i

Schedule B. No. HI.

Duties and Drawbacks on Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Ma-nv.faOurc of the B'T.ith Colonies or Plantations in America, or the West Indies.

Doty on Importation

INWARDS.

*!vIitfcavado, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

White, the hundred i weight, containing 1 i 2lb,

Refined, the hundredj weight containing

From F>

(Jrc.it

Britain,

If imported from Great If imported from Amc-Britain. i riesror the West Indies.

rom A me rica or the West Indies.

Drawback oil Exporta- Drawback on Exportation. j tion.

To Great ' To other Britain. Countries.

C- r. --'.A il'r. J. d.I. s. d.

- '97.

b I ] 2lb.

'97i— '5 3'

l it 5

S 6 io.= J G io

4 '9ji

>3 33

To Croat ‘.iritnin.

1. d.

- '97

To-other Countries.

£.s. d.

- 'S 3*

t 7 i

4 >93k S 6 ioj

4 79 3>

For bounty on export of sugars refined in this kingdom, vide Schedule F.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule C-

ioj

a. n.

r Soc. Chap. 4.

?vTa J. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Ware', and Merchandizes therein enumerated, being the Growth, Prod lift, nr ManufidUire of the British Plantations in Anteuca, or the West Indies, au,l of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof into litis King-tin at.

M.i. II. A Table of the Net Duties payable up -n the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, of tin: Growth, Produce, or Maunfaciute of this Kingdom therein enumerated, to the British Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. HI. A Table of the Duties to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations in America, or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

No. IV. A Table, of the Duties payable upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Produce of the Sritish Plantations in Amciica or the West Indies, and imported *’om thence.

No. V. Tables of the Drawbacks on Callicoes, Mullins, and Teas, to be allowed on the due Exp u tation thereof to the British Colonies nr Plantations in America or die West Indies, or the Sritish Settlements on the Coast of Africa respectively

Nn. VI. A Table of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, to the Britidi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. Vi I. A Table of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, to the British

Settlements on the Coast of Africa. Schedule C. No. I. J Duty. Drawback.

INWARD S. j;- ' </ C' J‘ ‘t*

A(L«, pot f imported with proper certiftratts, fro:. . 1 1

1 bur on failure thereof, the hundred weight j— 2 s —

Blubhtr, vide oil. i

t'odnncil, free.

C c a Coflic,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule C. No. I.

INWARDS.

‘Coffee, the pound -

Note, Upon paying down 3l. 6d. for every hundred weight, and secur'mgihi remainder of duty, coffee may be ware--housed in like manner, and under the fame regulations as tobaccoy ftbjecl also to 6d. per pound e.xcise duty.

Copper ore, the hundred weight

Tuts, vide skins.

r Ginger, the mib. weight

-Grocerics> 4 Pi-.micnto, the pound

I Rice, the 11 alb. weight

Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, die 12 elb.

Hemp and flax, free.

Hempfeed and flixfeed, free.

"Cow or ox hides, tanned, the pound

Eli:, vide skins.

Of Iiorfca, marcs or geldings, in the hair, the piece

- , tanned, the pound

Indian hides, umlrcfled, th*e piece

Lolh hides, the pound

Ritv or undressed, of Jteers, cows, or other cattle, except hoifes, marcs or geldings, free.

Hops, the 11:1b. weight -

Indigo, free.

Iron, unwraitght, pig, or bar iron, free.

Mobiles, the Ji2lb. weight

fOf Greenland and pairs adjacent, taken by any j shipping belonging to his Majesty's colonies or 5 1 plantations, and imported in such flapping, the I tun, containing 252 gallons

Duty,

r

'3^-

3

7 vj!

—. 6\'-

'I

" I 4t3-— 11 h°

=J

*2 J

- *----- if imported in shipping belonging to

Great Britain or Ireland, the tun, containing 252 gallons

Gf Newfoundland, and like fort, of Britishi or Irish ftlhing, the tun, containing 252 gallons

Of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by shipping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in such shipping, the tun, containing 252 gallons

if imported in shipping belonging to

- 3 6\

14

Great Britain or Ireland

- n 95 —

Fhe. Fortieth 2 eur oj^ George III.

Schedule C. No. I.

Duty.|Drawback.

INWARD S.

Pitch and tar, the last, containing tz barrels, each barrel not exceeding 314 gallons -

Rolin, the hundred weight

Ruin, vide spirits.

Sago powder, or vermicelli, free.

Silk, raw, imported with proper certificates, free.

fArinin or ermin /kins, uiidressed, the timber, containing 40 lkins

Badger lkins, undressed, the piece

Bear lkins, white, undressed, the piece

Bear lkins of any other colour, undressed, the piece

i Beaver lkins, of the produce of his Mnje fly’s dominions in America, the piece

Beaver wombs, the piece -

Buck or deer /kins, undressed, and Indian half } dressed, the Jkin \

Calabar /kins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 /kins

Calahir lkins, untnwed or undressed, the timber, containing 40 lkins

Calve lkins, tanned the pound

Cat lkins, undressed, the hundred /kins

\ , Coney lkins, the dozen -

i

£ Dcev lkins, vide buck /kins.

3 1

Dog fifii lkins, undressed, the dozen -3 b

5 D.ig skins, undiefied, the piece Flk lkins, the ikin

w

Ermin, vide ennin,

Fish*r ikin:, undressed, the piece

1 Filche , umhefled, the tinker

Fax lkins, black, uudri fie , the ikin

Fox lkins of til other fort -, innir fiul, the skin

Goat Ik. 11s, tanned, the dozen - __ "

Go-' lkins, undressed, the dozen -

Goat /kins, raw and undrellld, five, if impaled in iiritish or irish built ll.ips legally :u.'.gated, and regularly entered and landed.

IFire lkins, undressed, the rao lkins

Hu fie lkins, undressed, the fain

Kill fcins, lire (la!, the hundred, conr.iiiiin- J hire JCid thins, i« the heir, the lnmtlrcd, comaiuh.t: j fore Vox. XX. 0 d

'3 W — > 9;

K S' </.

- 10

- 1

>3 1, \ — 10 1 10

- 8 i_! T i 6 j

'3 1- V — IC 11

6 6 S 5

- 2 $ a

- 19

>3 1 if 10 IO

- 4 \ 3*

A ' ' — XCJ

- 2 -*J — — 2,’.

r 7 u 4*

4 4? — 3 7 T

5 6h 2 2

- S It — — 4 V

1 S: — 16 3

6 6,; — s 5

I r to;

- 7 .'t — — I

y 5 — 1 2 25

1 ni (S </=

Lamb

Drawback.

106'

A.D. 1 Coo. Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule C. No. I. Duty.

INWARDS. c- s. d.

f Lamb steins, undressed, in the wdol, the 120 — 3 3n

Lamb Hems, dressed in allum, the hundred, con-

turning 5 score - — 17 5 in

Lamb skins, dressed in oil, the hundred, containing

5 score - 2 8 o.

Slink lamb fltir.s, undressed, in the wool, the 120 — I 7 U

Leopard Heins, undressed, the piece - .8 2,"*

Lion skins, undressed, the piece — 3 3’A

Martins or mavtrons, uudrefled, the timber, con-

tabling 40 lkins 3 S

Martins or martrons tails, undressed, the 120 — 13 I.’rr

Mink skins, tawed, the timber, containing 4o Huns I 6 n

Mink skins, unt.uvcd or undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins — '99 ib

Mole Heins, undressed, the dozen — — 2tu

Moose skins, undressed, the piece — 3 - fi OTC

Mufquafli skins, unilrcflecl, the hundred skins - i5 4\

| Otter skins, undressed, the piece - - 1 8 5

1 Ounce (kin?. undressed, the piece - 4 2-sc

Panther skins, undressed, the piece - 6 Ohb

Pelts of goats, dressed, the dozen — 3 1 6 ty'tz

Pelts of goats, undressed, the dozen - . — 1 Til

Pelts of all other forts, undressed, the hundred — .99

Racoon skins, un refled, the hundred skins — 16 6'r

Sables, undressed, the timber, containing 40 Ikins916 7*

Sables tails, or tips of fables, undressed, the piece — 8 A

Seal Heins, free.

Sheep skins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen — — "I

Sheep skins, dressed in oil, the dozen — 5 7,1

Sheep skins, otherwise dressed, the dozen — 2

Squirrel fl.in?, undiefled, vide calabar fltins.

Swan skins, undressed, the piece — .1 Itt

Tyger skins, undressed, the piece — .3 3 tz

Wcazcl fltins, undressed, the 120 — 1 1

Wolf skins, tawed, the piece —99il

Wolf skins, unt.uvcd or undressed, the piece — 7 O'l-

(Wolverines, undressed, the (km — 4

s. A,

2 V85

6 0 /u.

3 -5?

1 4i 6 91

2 8k

10 10

1 8

16 3

- i A

2913 6i

1 4i

3 4;

5 5 a 8h

1 4i

8 i|

13 Oh

2 6

- Oh

—9- r 2 8

> Pi

- 104

2 8i

- ici 8 ih

6 23

3 4i Spirits,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule C. No. Ill- Duty. Drawback.

INWARDS. £ ’ " j. d.

Spirits, rum, or other spirits, die gallon And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of fmgle spirits, an additional duty for such spirits, to be paid ill proportion to the duties payable for fmgle spirits of the fame denomination, according to die comparative degree of lbengtli which such spirits shall bear to fmgle fpiiits of the fame denomination. - 4 ». - 4 El

Sugars, vide Schedule B, No. HI.

107

A.D. 1800.

1S00

Chap. 4.

dom, vide Schedule F.

Tat, vtie pitch.

Tin, umvrought, free,

Turpentine, the hundred weight -

Tibacco, vide Schedule A.

fOf Bruifli or Irish fishing, imported in ships belong-»; ing to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantati i ons, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight

*rj i Of Britishi or frifli fishing, imported in shipping he £ I longing to Great Britain ordreland. the ton, con- L 'taining twenty hundred weight ' -

f* {6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, the I I mast -

1. I 8 inches in diameter, nnd.under 12 inches, the I c* malt -

12 indies in diameter, and upwards, the load

of fifty cubit feet

(_Yards and botvfprits to pay as mads Brazil, or Fernnmbuco wood, the hundred weight Brazilletto or Jamaica wood, the hundred weight 0_Fuflick, the hundred weight - i Logwood, the hundred weight !> j Nicaragua wood, the hundred weight

Red or Guinea wood, the hundred weight Wood, not Gthenvife rated, the hundred weight But if for dyers use, ami regularly imported, entered and landed, free.

All wood* for dyers use, imported from any place whatsoever, free.

B n.tn Wood, mahogany, or other woo*, the pro duel 01 any part of America, or the Will -m'.ies, I free.

- 16 3

3 4

3 5 Q

1 12 yi 1 4/i

3 "f — 11 11

6 l ly

4 Sr

______n ,(__________

_ , o', -

4 2 A-----

I II' 1-----

Weed

' 10 8

The Fortieth Year of George III.

' Schedule C. No. I. Duty.

INWARDS. |£. J.

("Wood plank, wrcugl-.t tiniV.lt, except mads, yards,

I or bow fails, univvought timber or lumber, the J growth or produce of Amwica, or the West In-

o j dies, and isnp'rtsd diiecily from thence, or from { Great Uncain, free.

o I Speckle wood, of thegrowtn of Africa, which shall be r|imported from thence, for every hundred wt. thereof

L----- — and if imported from Greatliritam

(Braver, free.

o <j-----, cut and combed, the pound

(Cotton, free.

Note —An ad ’ittonnl duty of fix pGunds per centum on the amount of i if imported by retailers or consumers.

Drawback.

£ f- d.

;tt________

*9 7 A

Schedule C. No- II. I Duty.

OUTWARDS. Ailum, the hundred weight, containing 11 ribs.

Fur, called grey rabbit fur or coney luir, the pound

Glue, the hunilrca weight, containing mlbs.

Hides, calf fktns, kip skins, tanned cr tawed, and not dressed in oil, and fiicep skins tanned for.glotes or basil, the hundred weight/ —

Hides, dressed in oil, the hundred weight . - i

‘ Hops, the bundled weight, containing iialbs.

"The ton ——

- 10

6 i]

i 3r

i 6

6 S

Ordnance, the hundred weight, containing U2lbs. Old iron, the ton -

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing ii2l!>s»

2 " Wrought, viz. adzes, axes,’ hatchets, armour, bits, knives, locks, J fowling pieces, muskets, pistols, feiflars, ttirrups, all carpenters and gravers tools, jack work, clock work, and all ironmongers ‘ wares, perfedUy manufattvired, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

Nails of all forts, the hundred weight, H2lbs.

Kids hair, for every 20s. value thereof on oath - . - 1

Lapis calaminaris, the ton - - 2 2

Lead, call or uncaft the fodder, containing twenty hundred weight I 1

Lead

The Fortieth Year of George III. Schedule C. No. II.

OUTWARDS.

i.:ad ore, the ton -

bidurge of Jead, the hundred weight, containing iidbs.

Logwood, free.

Parchment, the dozen -

skins, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

| Pluck coney skins, with or without Hirer hair, for every fix

|score skins -

15 i Goat skins, tawed, the hundred, containing fix score skins

{colts /kins tanned witKTfor every fix fcoru ft;ni I Amuck, to resemble

L Spanish leather, Jfor *1 i>0llml "'ci8llt

('Containing fix score

=|— ("Tawed, or not tanned or drciTed in oil, the hundred 55 i J$|weight -

_ ' i

3 'od

\ Tanned for gloves or ha fils, the hundred weight

- 4

Sl?\

L< j^Dressed in oil, the hundred weights' J T sawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight ' -s i 13

M ^ <{ Tanned for roans, and not Jwiled in oil, the hundred weight

J j Dressed in oil, the hundred weight -

33 L

Pelts, the hundred, containing fire score

All pieces or pares of skins t.nv.\l or tanned, and not drafted in oil, for every tos. value (hereof on oath -

All pieces or parts of skins, drilled in oil, for every 205. value thereof on oath -

Am! bclides, the hundred weight

rlfard, the hunJied weight, containing U2lb$.

S0,!’’ (the barrel -

rNer/, the dozen -

Wool Cards A

(Old, the dozen

V.W'en cloth, white, called broad cloth, the piece

And a’so the leversl goods and merchandizes enumerated in Schedule li. '.n.l not in tliia , Schedule C. No. II.) are to pa/ duty relpee-tive.y, as therein mentioned.

A

C.

7

10}

8

dr

il;-

2 < Sr

i z

3r

Os

"t

7'.

2 — - 6 2} -----6

- 6 — 3i — ! ‘ii

A Table

Schedule C. No. III.

A T.ible of the Net Dories to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation i-f Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations in Auieric.-, or Settlements cn the Conti of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

OUTWARDS.

Duty.

For every gallon of lingle rum or spirits of the produce of the Britishi I plantation or plantations.

s. J.

- 10 ll

For every gallon of fmgle brandy, or geneva, or foreign runi

Jt

Tor every gallon of cordial water, llrong water, or other spirits, Angle — 8

For every gallon of ram, of the Britishi colonies or plantations above I proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the \thole to - 7 2y

For every gallon of brandy, geneva or foreign rum above proof, so ^Rnich.in addition to the duties paid on impoit as-will amount in the whole to

8 u>[-

For every gallon of cordial water, llrong water, or other spirits above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to

9°r

"»-taw....

Schedule C. No. IV.

A Tabic of ll.e Duties payable upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Produce of the "Britishi Plantations in- America, or the West Indies, and imported from thence.

OTJTWA'itffS, Duly.

r. 1.

-Cotton wool, of the growth -or produce of America or the West Indies, exported from this kingdom in any other than lir.tish or Irith flapping, navigated according to law, for cveiy lccl. value thereof - - - j 19 1

And Ann proportion for any greater or left value.

'Beaver wool or wombs imported from the Britishi colon-*; or plantations in America -sported from this kingdom, for every live score jpoimds weight thereof -9o 6j

Aud so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

C.ilUcocs and Muslin.

The ‘Fortieth T'ear. of George III.

11 r

Schedule C. No. V.

D R A^V BACKS.

r?he whole duties paid on importation of callicoes and imiflins to I be drawn back on due export to any British settlement on the I coait of Africa, within three years after import thereof

Bat if exported without being printed, painted, Ihimed, or dyed in Great Britain, there shall be paid over and above the import duties for every tool, value thereof ’ - - 2 3 4

According to the gross price at which such goods shall have been publicly sold at the East India Company’s ihles, and fa*in proportion for any greater or left (puutity

If exported to any British plantation in America or the Welt In- j dies, without being printed as aforesaid, so much of the import j duties shall be retained upon every tool, value thereof as shall amount to -

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or Ids value.

But if painted-as aforesaid, and cstpop&l to the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies as aforesaid, so much of the said import duties shall be retained upon every tool, value’thereof as shall amount to

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in pro-

( portion for any greater or left value.

4 J9 7

5 2 It

The whole duty paid on importation of teas Dull be drawn back 1 on the exportation to any British colony or plantation in Ame-I riea or the West Indies, within three years after importation j thereof.

u cvported to any British fetdement on die conit of Afina, so ranch of the import duties fh.ilt bo lciained upon ever)' tool value thereof as lli.il! imoum to

AcrnrJinpito the gross price it which such te.ts shall hive been publicly fold ut die E.itt India company's files, amt so in proportion

13

I If die duties paid on die import of futh tens do noi amount to I 13l. ir.s. od. far ever j’such tcol. lulue, t)iee.vpom-r ihiJIp.ij' J a.i'ii;., which with the duties paid on impart Hull amount to 1_ die f.iiJ lun) of 1 (I 10.. iod. upon Audi uol.«value

10 1.

A.D. 1800.

1 lico. Chap. 4,

Ec I

Schedule

i-12 ' The Fortieth Year of George III.

A. 15.

1800.

Chap. 4.

Schedule C. No. VI.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America cr the West Indies.

laving been imported in Britili or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. 1 Filled. Unfilled.

i OUTWARDS. 1. d. ZZ £ J- £. s. d. , £. s. d,

French wine Co 5 8 y s; 16 2 ’,1 57 M J >2860

Rhenifli, Gcr* manyor Hungary WiJlC ‘5 12 0 n 39it !2 12 6 01 10 1 19A-

Portugal or Madeira wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominions -of Spain,an the wines o‘‘ Naples and Sicily 3892 - 36 3 5 -A- 37 4 5 3 33 1 4 i

AW other wince 27 7 10 v. :41s l6 2 2 ;j 23 !> 3 if

Schedule

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule C- No. VII.

n3 -

A.D. 1800. Chap. 4.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Having been imported in Britishi or Irish shipping. Having been imported in Foreign flupping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ d- T* £ > d- £ > i. £ s-

French wine 4S 4 J ! 4' J 4 w 4i 79— 37 4 i

H Itenirti, Germany or Hungary wine II 1 2 is 8 12 io 8 8.1*, J 10- it

Portugal or Madeira wine* Sp.miflt and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominions of tipam, and the wines of Naples ami Sicily - 29 fij 269fi 27 i 6 n >4 s t

All other wines 17 13 11 vs ' S 4 6 U tS 3 »3 is 4

Vo 1.. XX.

f r

114

A. ;D.

1 l^00-

Chap. 4.

jthe PortiStb Year of tjgofffe HI.

Schedule D.

A Table of the Duties payable upon the Importation into, this kingdom of all such Good's, Wares and Merchandizes, as are not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in the preceding Schedules A, &, G, Ihd not by any Law prohibited tb be imported into this Kingdom, or exempted from Duty.

12 14 1

Aii apparel, artificial flowers, millinary wares, fans, chip hats, wrought ivory, prints and pictures, furs, all gilt, painted, bronzed and enamelled wares, threads, haberdashery, hardware, toys, laces of thread, cotton, worsted or silk, all spun cotton thread or cotton twill in Jkains or hanks and not in cops, pickles, perfumery, and groceries of all kinds, (except sugars,) orange juice, not being for dyers use, tape, foreign linens, and all r manufactures of ?flax and hemp'imjsoriSe’d, for every one hundred pounds value upon' oath

And for every square yard of foreign linen, a further duty of

All calicoes plain, and muslins worked or dguTed, but not printed or Rained, imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

And for every yard of such callicccs, a further duty of

And for every square yard of such niuf* tins, a further duty of

All imdlins, being worked or figured, but not printed or Rained, romals and all other Ruffs or manufactures of cotton, or of cotton and linen mixed, whether plain, printed or Rained, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, imported, fi»r every hundred pounds value upon oath

And for every square yard thereof a further duty of

All china, earthen, japanned or lacquered ware, and all drugs, except for dyers use, for every hundred pounds value upon oath fp 1

From Gieat'BHtam. British. Foreign.

£ d* £. d.

Ffom other Countries.

£ ' l

»S 8 2i — — 8

27 10 62

12 14 I ________

- 8

(2 14 I

[.} 16 J 1 II

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule D. From Gi British. eat Britain. Foreign.

All dice imported) for every hundred pounds value upon oath & d. 11 14 1 £ /. d. 25 8 2$

And for every pair thereof a further duty of — 12 8* — 12 81

All foreign glass, imported, for every hundred pounds thereof value upon oath Provisions of all forts, not being groceries, including peas, potatoes, &c. for every hundred pounds value upon oath 6 7 oi it it 0 6 7 01

Taper hangings for every hundred pounds value upon oath 12 14 1 12 M 1

And a further duty for every tea square yards - - 1 7i — 1 7i

And for every ream thereof, not of the ma-mificlure of Great Britain, b further duty ef ~ 1 31

Plate of gold dr silver, for every hundred pounds value upon oath 12 14 r 12 14 I

And for every ounce Troy weight, of gold or silver plate imported, a further duty of ' 8

All vanned hides and skins of what kind so-ever, and all parts and pieces thereof, not lining manufactured, and not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every £,ioo value thereof upon oath 12 14 I 12 14 1

And a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois " I W - 1

All tanned leather worked up into any manufactures, or manufacture whereof tunned leather is the most valuable part, imported in Iriflt or British ships, and ajvigated according to law, for every £.100 of the value thereof upon oath 2 14 I i 14 1

And a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois -n - 1 72

All other goods, wares and merchandizes whrttur, not being particularly enumerated or deferibedy or otherwise charged with duty, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof 2 14 I 2 I4 I-

From other A.D. Countrigl- 1800.’ C- t. d. Ciiap. 4.

17 10 6\

- 12 8|

7> 12

894f 14 16 y,

~ 1 7}

- 31 14 16

- S

14 16 s* — 1 ei

14 16 Ji - 3 ji

14 *6 Si

N'oic—All additional duty of six pounds per centum on the amount of the duties, if imported by retailers or consumers.

Schedule

116

A.D. 1800.

iSco. Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule E.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Producer. Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Duty.

OUTWARDS.

A Hies of Irish wood, the lad, containing twel ve barrels ----- of all other forts, for every 20s. value on oath

Bacon, the flitch - r

- not in flitches, for every ics. value on oath

C the barrel -

o

cq I the carcafc

Bones, vocat. ox bones, the thousand

- not manufactured, for every 2c$. value on oath Butter, good or bad, the hundredweight, containing ii2lbs.

Calves valves, for every 20s. value on oath Calve skins, for every 2value on oath Chccfe, the hundred weight, containing U2lb.

Coney hair or wool, black or white, the pound

Fur called rabbits fur, grey the pound Furriers waste, for every 2cs. value'on oath

Geldings or nags, vide horses.

Graves, or grease, the hundred weight

Guts, vocat. ox guts, the barrel

- of other animals, for every 20$. value on oath

Hams, for every 20s. value on oath

Hearts and Ikirts, for every 20s. value 011 oath

f Harts hair, the hundred weight, containing ualb.

g jHorfehair, the hundred weight, containing M2lb.

> { Human hair, for every 20s. value on oath

I Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

J

LOx or cow hair, the hundred weight, containing ulb. llartfliorn, the hundred weight, containing H2lb.

Hemp feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels

Raw and untanned, into Great Britain, the hide

t 8

- 1 —

- 4

t —

1 6

t —

t —

- 6

Hides,

r Kaw

] Raw

( hid

and untanned, to any place, except Great Britain, the hide

1 — i —

t 7 6 -

2 — 1 h_2

Her

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule E.

OUTlTi R.-M S.

Hogs, or pigs, the piece — lard, the hundred weight I"of bucks, the hundred

grots horns, the hundred weight, containing i iclb.

" ox horns, the thousand

U

> of rams,- the thousand

F of sheep, the thousand

S flags horns, the thousand -

tips of horns, the thousand

LHorn (havings, for every ros. value on oath

rHorfes, mares-, geldings or nags, into Great Britain, \ or any Engliflt plantation, the piece

if-'

Horses, vocat.

into foreign parts,

Linen, j

L the piece Hoofs, of all forts,.for every 2as. value on oath'

f Cloth, flaxen ior hempen, free.

Rags or flireds, the ton Linfecd, or (laxfeed the quarter, containing eight bushels

Manures, vide soap-boilers wade.

Oxen, cows or (leers; the head Oyllers in pickle, therfmall barrel

Pigs heads, for every 20s- value on oath Port, the barrel

Provision of all forts, not herein enumerated or described, for every 203. value on oath -

Rape feed, the quarter, containing eight buflicls

Sheep, the head'

fUadger skins, the piece

Cat skins, the hundred - ._I

Calf skins, ride calve skins.

Deer skins, the piece -

- (Lag fitins, the doion - c,

u r

? Fox skins, the piece ——

8 Goat skins, the hundred, containing fix fcorc — j-----

K Hare skins, the piece - . — —_ 9p

Kid skins, drcfTcd or undressed, the hundred, containing fix feore — 3 —

Kips and runners, for every 20s. value upon oath . j

Lamb flfins, drolled or undressed, the hundred, containing fix . fcorc - -__________Ie

Note, Lambfiint, and moot if laml flint, may It Jrparntcly - exported to Ureal Britain, and m lamb flin, whether Jiinh ei Jleurhlerc'J, from whieb the wool shall net bavt been talen off, shall be exported jran tbit kingdom, to any plate whatsoever, under the penalty if tie forfeiture thereof,

Duty,

d.

3 n

6

- 2 6

- 2 1 li

—9

- 3 -3

117

A.D. 1F00. Chap. q.

3 3-8 7 "3 —

- 6 6 h- t 6

6

-6

Maueon

11 s

A.D. 1 See. Chap.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule E.

OUT V/ "Martcon iii.'ii, the piece J’raiv, the piece Ottcrj S tawed, the piece

t Wombs, the mantle

ARDS.

Duty.

£ ' i

_ — 3

- ol

- G

g f Black, with Elver hair or without, the hundred, contain *5|in? one hundred ami twenty

O|rfeafoned, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

a H Grey, J Stag, the hundred, containing fix score

ig|{.tawed, the hundred, containing fix fcorc s

g pj|tawed, or dyed into co'ours, the hundred, containing one (JiundrcJ and twenty

Sheep Ikies, tawed with the wool on, the hundred, containing fix fcorc -

PctSjidreft or undrett, without the wool, the hundred, containing fix score

Sheep skins with the wool, the hundred, containing fix score Squirrel skins, the thousand Stag, the piece -

Swan skins, the piece

Wolf skins, the piece

- , tawed, the piece -

Slugs of horns, for every 2cs. value on oath

Soap boiler’s wade, and all other manure, (except lime) the ton

Tallow, the hull ired weight, containing 11 alb.

Tanner’s wade, for every 20s. value o.l oath

Tongu s, called neats tongues, the dozen

Tripes, for every cos. value on oath

Tin umvrougHt, the hundred weight, containing rrelb.

Wax, t' e hundred weight, containing 112lb.

Weld, the hundred weight, containing 11 zlb.

o (the ton

{>. c Nets, the hundred, containing five score

'Tarn, j for every pack < f datutable linen-yarn, containing four t hundred pounds weight, at fix score to the hundred

?No duty payable upon the exportation of any goods or merchandizes the pro-duil or manufacture of irclauj, not mentioned -in the Schedules C nod £.

- I 4

~ i —

- 6

- S

- I —

- i 6

- i 6

I —

- 2 C

- 6

- i|

- 2

- CJ j*

- 1 —

- JO 0

- i 6

- i —

- <» o

~ i —

- 7 4

- 4 —

- i 3

10 —

- 6

I —

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule F.

A Schedule of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufacluics of this Kingdom, therein mentioned, and also of the Bounties to be allotted and paid on the Importation of Bat!:, for Tanners Use

119

A.D. 1800.

1 So?.

Chap, g.

OUTWARD

Bounty.

S. A r. d.

1 -_* ? t-

2 §1 Q-l

e !g jj .3^ J w

y L-=sf 1

5 3- SU

= = a sS-Ji

j’S b-3 0‘a.a . <sv, ? tjS 5a

6 0 H 1? . C -c

89* h B .5 £J e

p.2 o’S y

o J5

tw ' o

o

!S£p3

k. D ' *2 . "

e* !. ei - -» —

L o U-.

C« y o

('I’or every yard thereof, under the value of jd. which shall be exported from this kingdom to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar or Minorca

For every yard thereof, of the value of $d. and under th; value of 6Ul. which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid

For every yard thereof, of the value of fi-Jd. and nut exceeding is. "'-d. in value which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid -

And so in proportion for any greater or Jess L quantity.

0 0

0 o

o ©

0

11

The value of all such linens, caUicocs and cotton?, if printed, painted, (Lined, stamped or ityed, or of such cottons mixed I with linen, whereupon they are to be respectireir entitled to the bounties aforesaid j to be deemed their value when ia a plain (late, and exclusive of such printing* painting, (Lining, stamping or dying.

Note—kentings ami all fabricks made oflinen and hempen yam only, to be deemed and considered as linen.

All manufactures of linen, chequed or striped, with any other material than linen yarn, of the breadth of twenty-live inches, or more, and of the value of ?d. the yard, and not exceeding is. 7?d. in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, for every yard thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

"Where any of the aforesaid linens shall not be of the breadth of twenty.live inches they shall be entitled to receive the bounty after the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard cf twenty-five inches breadth cr upwards.

O O 9\

All mantifaflurcs of diapers, Iiucfcabacfcr, (heelings, or linens, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding is. 7id. the fqa.iic yard, which shall be exported to any oi the places aforesaid, for every square yard thereof And so in proponion for any greater cr Ids quantity.

All

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule F.

a ys

S ~ ‘a

§ s"

2_-J

: -3 u 1

rt -

O U T WARD S.

-All manufactures of sail cloth or canvas fit for or made into fails, which shall be exported to any place, except Great Britain, for every three ells thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

-' § S ("Ribbons and stuffs made of 01k only, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silks and ribbons made of silk mixed with gold or fdver, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silk (lockings, gloves, fringes and laces, and ditching or , sewing silk, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Studs made of silk and grogram yarn, mixed, for every g ( pound weight avoirdupois

s £ Stuffs made of silk and worded, mixed,' for every pound " J . weight avoirdupois

; Stuffs nude of silk-mixed with inkle or cotton, the pound l weight -

'For every hundred weight of sugar containing one hundred and twelve futile pounds, refined in this kingdom, and exported to any place -

Such sugars to be exported in the loaf complete and whole, Icing net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays since it was lad in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried'in the dove.

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and") twelve futile pounds of refined sugar called badard, and of all ground, powdered refined sugar, ami all refined loaf sugar broken in pieces,

The said sugars having been twice clayed and pro*

perly dried. Y

For every hundred weight of refined sugar called candy, I containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, pro* j perly refined and manufactured, ami freed from diit and|feum. J

to - a . tc

Refined sugar cnlle1 lumps, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly dried although wanting-the small ends or tips, shall be deemed complete.

Boohs unbound, if printed ori Brttifii or foreign paper, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois

INWARDS.

Bounty.

£-*- J-

-0. o.

o 3 o o 4.0 o i 3 0 0 .8

00 C 010

1 0 *7

For and upon every barrel of bark, or hemlock which shall be imported into this kingdom, from any country in.Europe, except Great Britain - - - o ,4 0

For and upon every barrel cf bark, or hemlock wmchdhall be importeJ into this kingdom from America

050 . Schedule

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G,

121

A.D. 1800.

Chap. 4.

A Schedule of Inland Duties of Exotic for and upon the federal Articles therein mentioned.

I N I, AND D D T I S S.

AUCTION S. Duty.

o'* Aid upon every twenty Hulling:* of the purchase money arising or C. s. d.

pa.uMe, by virtue of any file at atulion in this kingdom* of any in-

rercll in pnffjiiijn, or reversion in any freehold or Ier.llhn’d ol any

hn;U, tenements, houses i-r hereditaments, and of any I’.niuiitics, or sums of money charged thereon, nml of any utensils rf luiltundry

ami fanning itock, ships and veil'd-;, or of any plate or jewels, ami

lb in proportion for any greater or Ids Aim oi such purchase mo*

nev, w> be paid fcv the auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller by com

million, - 003

For and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase money arising cr payable by virtue of any fdo at auction in his kingdom, of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, Iiorfes and carriages, ami nil other goods and chattels tvlmsoever, and so in proportion for any greater or Jefe sum of fudr.purch.ifc money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller by commission - - - 006

CARDS ami DICE.

Tor sim! upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made, manufactured, or vended in this kingdom

For and upon every pair of dice, made, manufactured or vended in this kingdom -

o 1 o to

5

INLAND DUTIES.

COACHES amt C II A I S E S.

For and upon every coach, chariot,‘beriin, calash or chnife with fourj v. heels, which any person shall have in his or her pnfljflion, not having more than one such carriage in hi; or her pofieihon at any time between the 25th Jay of March ;‘Ioo, and the 25th day of March toot

6 16

For md upon every conch, chaiiof, berlin, cal.tlh, rrchaife with four wheels which any person shall have in his or iur pmfdlion, ij fitch pert )ii llinll have more than one in his or her poflvilion at any tithe I Ktwjji) the ’5:li day of March 18-e, and the 25th day of A-arcIi,

1 So:, the f. m of - - - -92

For ;:mi upon every chailc with two \vh:eL, which any person Ihallj keep in his or her pulil-iTiou at any time between the 25th day of M.'it'h, illco, and the 25th day of March illot - ~ I 2 0

S;ago coaches, hneknev coaches and cluifes, and coaches, and cluifcs am! oilier carnages kept by the maker for lrdc, and cabriolets and gfrden chairs, e:cepted.

6

o

o

COFFEE.

122

A.D. 1800. Chap.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

COFFEE.

Duty.

Tor and upon every pound weight of coffee which shall be coiifurr.ed f % j in this kingdom, to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame from the importer thereof

FIRE HEARTH S.

Tor and rut of every dwelling house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in the whole of which there Hull be two or :*m re fire hearths, or other places used for firing, or stoves, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight kindred, and the twenty-fifth day of March, me thousand ei;ht hundred and one, the feveril and respective duties following: that is to fav, - J

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there ih.dl be in the whole two fire-hearths, or- other places used for firing or stoves, the sum of

‘ Out of every such house, out house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there Ih.dl be in the whole three fire hearths, or other places used for firing or stoves, the sum of

: Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto,! in which ther. shall be in the whole four fire-hearths, or other places used lor firing or stoves, the sum of

Out of every such house, out house, cr edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole five fire hearths, or other places used f/r firing or fto.es, the film of

Out of every such house, ut-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, f» which there shall be in the whole fix fire hearths, or other places used for firing or stoves, die sum of

r Out of every such house out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there Avail be in the whole seven fire-hearth?, or other places used for firing or stoves, the sum of

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole eight fire hearths, or other places used for firing or stoves, the sum of

Out of every such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto in which there shall be in the whole nine or more ’fire hearths or Cither places used for firing or stoves, for every hearth, firing place or stove, the sum of

The find duties to be paid as soon after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, as they shall be demanded, and to be paid by the owners or occupiers of such houses respectively.

GLASS BOTTLES.

tfrv

- 8 1}

1

- n 4:

15

ip 6

4 A-

8 a

- '8 8

‘For and upon every glass bottle which shall be made ur manufactured in this kingdom, of common bottle metal (the fame not being phials) -for every quart which such. bottle shall be reputed to contain and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, not being Ifcfs than one pint, to be paid by the makers thereof, which duty shall be drawn back on exportation, -

2

LEATHER

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

LEATHER.

For and upon all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and fleias hcieln ;»ucr mentioned, which ihaiJ at any time or times, from and after the 2era d.i? of March, 1S00, until the 25th thy of March, Hot, iiiehifi.v, be tanned within this kingdom, the federal and vefpcflive rates and duties following, that is to say;

For and upon every such hide and skin, or piece of any such hide and lkii:, ofwJi.it kind or denomination whatsoeier, other than such as ire herein alter described and mentioned, :or every pound weight avoirdupois thereof, and after such rate for any greater or less qualify

f\.rand upon all hides of horses, marcs,'or geldings, for every hide

Far and upon all skins called veal skins. and all skins of hogs, for every dozen skins thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or less number -

F,.r an i upon all Dans for shoes and other like purposes, and all fed! skin, for every dozen thereof, and after the lame rate for any greater or less number

For and upon all other skins for bookbinders use, for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or less number

For ami upon all goat skins tanned with fhumack, or otherwise, to rcfcmble Spnnilli leather, and all ftieep skins tanned for roans being sitter the nature.of Spanish leather, for every pound weight avoir* dupois thereof

For and upon all sheep skins and Iamb skins tanned for gloves and bafiis, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof, and proportionally for any greater or less quantity

The Md duties to be paid by the tanners of such hides and flans, and pieces of such hides and skins icfpeitively.

For and upon nll.hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins herein after mentioned, which shall at any time or times, from and after :!.e :5th d-iy of March, 1800, until the 35th day of March, 1801, be drefll'd in oil in this kingdom, the several and respective rates and duties herein after expressed, that is to say,

Fur and upon every such hide and ikin, and piece of such hide and; :'hin, of what nature or denomination whatsoever, other than such as herein after describcJ ami mentioned, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof

lor and upon ill deer skins, goat skins, and beaver skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof

For and upon all calf skins, for every pound weight, avoirdupois thereof

For and upon all sheep skins and lamb skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof

dnd proportionably for any greater or less quantity of all such hides ami 1.0ns, the fain duties to be paid by the oil diciVers of such hides and skins respoihvely. Tnc said <!ut<cs on hides and skins dressed in oil to bi drawn back on exportation.

HIta

Duty.

- 1

1 —

S — — t 6

- 3

Jdcenfes.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

I K L A N U DUTIES.

L i c i: u s E S. r

For nnil upon every Ih-ur/e !o any person to manufrclure tobacco in r.:'-y manner, or to deal in unmanuiaccua il tobacco, except as a vhux*! ible irr-pouer only, or a wholesale merchant only - j

Ami a fuuher duty for ami upon every tobacco table exv.ee!-; la* one tabic, anil not exceeding lour tables, which- any ycrfcuj nuuulacuiring ish.scco shall be licensed to keep. I

Fur ami upon cacry Iiccs 'e to any person to deal in umnanufachircdto- baceo as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer thereof

For anti upon every liccuf* to any person to fell by retail, or cthcivifei deal in eo.ibc. in a city <t town corporntc/except importers thereof,; or perfous hiinild to icil tea or giocerics - - i

For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coiib-.-, in any part not being a city or town corporate, except as aiorciunl

For ami upon every iiccnfc to any person to manufacture candles cr soap for falc - - "I

For ami upon every Iiccnfc to fell or manufacture paper hangings for j laic - - j i

For and upon every Iiccnfc to any person to beep a .{till, or (tills, to*, rectify or compound spirits and itrong waters, lor every ten ga.lons1 which such Hill or lliils is, or arc capable of containing - , 2

For and up ii every Iiccnfc to keep a mill or mills for making paper j a

Fi.r and upon every Iiccnfc to any person to brew or make for falc any! liquor caiied lvveets ur niade wines - -|2

For and upon every Iiccnfc to any person to make methegiin or mead; for falc - - j 2

For and upon every license to any person to make vinegar for falc j 2

For and upon every Iiccnfc to any person in any city or town corpoiate! to fell tea or groceries by retail - - ’ j 3

For and upon every Iiccnfc to any person, in any market town where|markets; arc uluaiiy held, and not being a city or town corporate,; or within two miles of the market-house, or principal market-place,!

10 foil tea or groceries by retail - j 2

For and upon every Iiccnfc to any person in any other pr.it of this I kingdom, to fell tea or groceries by retail - j 1

For and upon every Iiccnfc to any person to fell or tap out cider by/ retail -

For and upon every Iiccnfc to aijy person to fell methegiin or mead by retail

For and upon every license to any person to fell or make any gold or fdver plate for falc . < . 1

For and upon every Iiccnfc to any person to keep a tan yard or tan-pit, or tan leather for falc - - 1

For and upon every license to any person to dress hides and skins in oil 1

124

A.D. 1800.

iSco Chan. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

INUNDDUTIES.

3° —

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to make 'vellum and parchment -

For and upon every license to any p rfon to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the -'metropolis, -

For and upon every license to anypcrlbn to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail beyond the said circul.ir-rond and walls of his Ahjcftys park, the Phoenix, not more than two miles -distant thttefrom, -

For and up >n every license to any persons to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, in every other place within the district of the excise ollice of Dublin, beyond the circular-road, and the wall

of his Majesty's park, the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles

therr/roni, -

For and upon every license to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the city of Cork, and all places fur-R-unded by the said city,

And within the rest of the county of the said city,

Ft r and upon every license to any person to foil any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the city of Waterford, and all places surrounded by the said city

Aiul within the rest of the county of the said city

For and upon every license to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail in the city of Limerick, and all places surrounded by the said city -

And within the rest of the county of the said city

For and upon every license to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail within the towns of Iklfait, 'Newry, Galway, Dun d.dk. Drogheda, Clonmel, and in the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny

For and upon every license to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail wit An all other cities, corporate towns, market towns where markers ate usually held, and within one mile of the town-house, market hotfe, or principal market-place

For amt upon every 'license to any person to fell any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, in any other pure of this kingdom than these parts before described -

For and upon every license to any person to fell spirits in any part of this kingdom in quantities not less tlvau two ‘allows, the like duty as is payable in such places on a license to sell spirituous liquors by retail -

For and upon every license to any factor or pcifon not being a dilliller, foiling home made spirits on cciiiiuiifion> and not being utlicrwife iiemfed to fell fedrits

Duty.

15-----

3*

jo —

30-----

6 —

Fori

*25

A.D. 1800.

‘Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person not* being amaltfter or maker of malt, felling malt on commission, or otherwise

For and upon every license to any person to keep a malthouse, and make malt for sale, for each and every cittern or kiln in each and every malt-housein his or her possession, in which such budness shall be carried oil

For and upon every Kccnfe to any person in the cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, Limerick, Kilkenny, Londonderry, and Armagh, and in the towns of Galway, Drogheda, Btlfalt, Newry, Dundalk, and Clonmel, to brew strong beer, or ale, or finall beer for sale, for each and every brew-house used by such person -

Tor and upon every license to any person-in any other part of this kingdom to brew strong beer, or ale, or small beer for sale, for each amt every brew-house used by such person

For and upon every Uccnfe to any person to keep any-coffee-house

For and upon every license to any person to fell by auction, within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the castle of

Dublin

For and upon every license to any person to foil by auction in any other part of this kingdom

For and upon every license to any person to make glass bottles, and other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal

For and upon every license to any lwwker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from place to place, and travelling either on foot or with horse or other bead of burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or e.xposing to sale any goods, wares or merchandises} also to travelling tinkers and callers of iron and metal, and to persons hawking about tea or codec for sale

And a further duly for every horse, or other beast bearing or drawing burthen which such person shall so travel with or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, 'her, or their goods, wares or merchandizes -

For every person hawking about trees, shrubs and plants for sale within the city of Dublin, or within live miles thereol

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any (land, (tall, lhcd, booth or other place, not being a part of his, or in his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts or drawings

For every person felling or exposing to sale within, the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being the maker or importer thereof, and not idling wine, spirits, beer or ale

Tor every person who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any flail, Ihed, booth, (hop or other place -

For every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof, for each and every house in which such business shall be carried on

For every person selling spirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof, over and above ail duties whatsoever

Duty.

r. /. I

15-----

10 —

MA

The Fortieth Year of George III. Schedule G. INLAND DUTIE i*7 A.D. 1800. Chap. 4.

M A L T. Duty.

For and upon every barrel of malt, ground br unground, which shall be made in this kingdom, of barley, or of any other corn or grain, from the 25th day of March, 1800, to the 75th day of March, 1801, inclusive, whether the fame (h.iU be or not be for sale And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity. METHEGLIN or MEAD. —6 6

For and upon every gallon of metheglin or mead made in this kingdom for fate, and after die fame rate for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by die makers thereof PAPER MANUFACTURE. 4 t

For and upon the several forts of paper herein after mentioned, which shall be made in this kingdom from the 25th day of March, 1800, to the 25th day of March, iSo», the several and respective dudes following, to be paid by die makers of such papers respectively: For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, lit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, ilrawing, or printing, or either of them, and of all elephant paper, and all cartridge paper ... It

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured papers, and whited* brown papers, other chan and except elephant and cartridge papers, lit or proper for the life or purposes of wrapping up goods, and not lit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing and printing, or either of them

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing and printing, or either of them, and of all button $aper or button board - - »5

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the uses ur purposes of paper hangings, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois \ — — 1

For every one hundred weight of palte board, mill board, and scale board, and paper commonly called by the name of lheating or Iheathing paper And so in proportion for any greater,or less quantity. — 10 —

For every one hundred weight of glazed paper for clothiers and hot-prdlers And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity. - s —

For every pound weight avoirdupois, of every fort or kind of paper not herein before enumerated or described_>1 — 3

The said duties to be paid by the makers or manufacturers of such papers respectively, and to be drawn back on exportation. , I i 2 TAPER

128.

A.D. 1800. Chip. 4.

Tie ’Fortieth Year d/" George III.

' Schedule G.

INLAND D ITT I E S.

t

PAPER HANGINGS.

V l7or ntul upon every square yard of paper which shall be printed, painted, or lUined in this kingdom, to serve for hangings, or other uses, and ' so in proportion for- any greater quantity,\o Uc paid by the printer, painter, or Hauler thereof

Which duty shall be drawn bad: on exportation.

PLATE, WROUGHT.

- For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or fiber plate, which shall be wrought, made or manufactured in this kingdom And so in proportion for any greater or loss weight.

SALARIES, PROFITS.OF EMPLOYMENTS, FEES.AND PENSIONS.

' For and out of every twenty shillings sterling which any person having at any time between the 25th day of March, 1800, and the i$th day of March, 1801 m lufive, any {alary, profits of employment, fees or pennons in this kingdom, unlef- Inch perf 11 do and shall live and actually reside u ithin this kingdom for and during the space of fix lalendar months at leal! between the said time, the lum of

'. Except f.ilaries, penfmns, fees, or profits of employment payable to any of the defeendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, ami to the lord lieutenant or ether cliier gwvcrn.jr or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and to his or their principal fecrc-lary of Hue, and to the duke of Brunswick prince Ferdinand, and the duke and duchcfs of Athol, the representnlive or representatives of the late Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, and to George Charles, c% if his Majesty shall think lit by Ids sign manual to exempt them or any of them from the payment of the fame, and except to the o.licers of the army, so far as rd peels the pay arising from their regimental commiOions, the half pay oJli* ccvs on the cilablUhment of this king om, and the widows of olii-

4 —

WALE SERVANTS.

1 or every nt'ale servant who shall be retained or employed by any person lretwcen the 25th day of March, iSoo, and tire 25th day of March,

1801, the Anns or dutres following

For ozte rtrale servant - 1 2 r,

Lor two male fervams, each

For any number of male fervams exceeding two, and not exceeding four, each

For any number of male servants exceeding four, and not exceeding \ fevett, each

For eight male fervams, each For nine male servants, each For ten male fervams, each

1 M

2 |6 K;

3

3 8 3

M.UI

The Forth:!) Year of George III.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

Duty.

1 -9A.D.

i Sop. Clnp. 4.

MALE SERVANTS.

Tc be paid by the person who tn.iH retain or employ fr»rH m.t'c fcrv.uU 1 r servants, ami to be pai<! for every male fe vant who tlia’.l be retained rr employed in any of the f_>!luwi:ig capisi’ie , thr.t-i> to lay, iii irr; li'lutol, itotffc iK-w.ml, milter of the horie, groom of the chunh.r, j ul-.t tie clumbrc, butler, under butler, clerk of the kirJieti, con-fccli jiut, cool;, bottle porter, footman, vi'.nnin; fnotmm, coachman, jruom, pofttllton, gardener, not bring a day lahouur, pari; keeper, game-keeper, huntftuan ur whipper-in, or by whatevr name or Dimes male servanti realty tiding in any of the l’tid eapicui-s dull be called, or whether such male tenants shall h..\c been, or Hull be uuineJ or employed in one or more of the said wpacuLy, or in any taker bufi.tefc jointly with one or more of the same.

SPIRITS.

Per and upon every gallon of aquivitte, strong waters. or Ipivifs made or distilled from milt within this kingdom lor sale, tu he paid by the full maker or diltiilcr thereof

Per ami upon every gallon of spirils, nude or" diililled from within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by die iirll maker or diiliiler thereof -

2 6

SWEETS, OR MADE WINES. 1

’ 1

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of all j liquor for file made in this kingdom, by infulion, fermentation, or otherwise, -from fruit or sugar, mixed with any other ingredients or materials, called sweeti or made wines, and after the fame rate, for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the respective makers thereof, -

TOBACCO.

For and upon cv\ry pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in this kingdom m any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when the fame shall be opened

VELLUM and PARCH M E N T.

l ev and upon all vellum and parchment which shall at any time or times, from and after the twe tty-fifth day of March, one tl.uuland eight hundred, and the twenty-fifth day of March, thousand eight hundred and one, be made in this kingdom. the respetliee rate* and dut.es herein after expressed, that b to say,

Tor :unl upon every dozen skins of vellum

For and upon every dozen skins of p.udiment

A;nl proportionably 'for any greater or less quantity of such vellum am! p.uchment, the said dutcs to l»c paid i.y i!.e makers of such vc him and parchment resprflively and to he divan hack uu exportation.

V I N E G A R.

For and upon every barred, containing 32 gallons of vinegar, vinegar brer, or liquors preparing for vinegar brew.-d m made in tlii> ki igdom for fide, and after the fame rate, for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the rcijiedlive makers thereof,

Vou XX. K k

- tf

Schcduh

The Fcrtlith Year of George III.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

WINDOW LIGHTS.

Upon and out of every rhvelHng-house or Tenement in'Ireland, in- habited, or to be in'ubired at any time between the Twenty-fifth Day (.[ March Otic Thott.Gnd Kijit llun red, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hun. red and one, the rdpec-live Rate-; a ml Outkv. so. owing, according to die Number of "Windows or Lights in such llotifes or icnements respectively.

Nwtrter if irimhws iu\:rdhig T which the d-ive!hi7-hujc is-to he

ch.irgc:!. f

Tj'O R every dwUIing-houfi. having five windows or lights - t

For every dwelling-house hating fix windows or lights *" (

For every lUvclUng-house having seven windows or lights - c

For every dwelling Ih.u'V having eight windows or lights — c

For every dwciling-house having nine windows or lights - c

For every dwelling-house having ten-windows or lights Fa'every dwelling-hoefa having eleven windows or lights - I

For every dwelling house having twelve windows or lights For every d\v«.!Hn.r-houfj having thirteen windows or lights Forever) dwellinj-house having fourteen windows or lights - 'i

For every dwciling-houfo having fifteen windows or lights - 2

IAr taVcry JuUIii'g house hiU’ iig lixtcen win o«:s or lights - 2

Tor every dwUIing-house having seventeen windows or lights - 3

For cvcty dwelling houfo having eighteen wimlows or lights - 3

For evciy dwxlling-lioule having nineteen windows or lights - 3

For every dwelling-house having tv.enty windows or lights - 4

For every dwelling hmife having twenty-one windows or lights - -1

Fer every dwelling*house having twenty-two windows or lights - , 5

For every dwelling house Inning tunny-three windows or lights - j 5

For every dwelling-house having twenty-four windows or lights — 5

For every d« tl!i* g-house having twenty-live wimlows or lights - 6

'For every dwelling-heuse having twenty-six windows or-lights -

For every dwelling house having twenty-seven windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house Inning twenty, eight windows cr lights -

For every dwelling-house having twenty-nine windows or lights -

For every dwellingdvoufe Inning thirty windows or lights - 7

For every dwelling-house luvi g thirty one windows or lights - 7

For every dwelling-house having thirty-two windows or lights - 7

For every dwelling-house having thirty-three windows or lights - 7 1

For every dwclli: g-house having thirty-four windows or lights / J

IJO

A. L\

1 tfoc. Chtiji. 4.

Duty,

: /.

3 4 lOf

3 6 6

3 8 8

> 11 It

> 15 I

8 J i 8

7 V 3 7 >90 7 3 ;i o 8 7 SI 4 >;

3 -5

i: t

0 ')

9

10 1 3 ll

11 1 'J 3 1J 3 7 7 S 5

10

12

4

7 1

let

13 I

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

WINDOW LI CUTS.

For every dwelling-house having thirty-five windows or lights For every dircUm^-house having thirty six windows or lights For every dwelling-house having thirty (even windows or lights For every dwelHug-house having thirty-eight windows or lights For every dwelling-house having thirty nine windows or lights For every dwelling house having forty windows or lights For every dwelling-hojfe having forty-one windows or lights F »r every dwelling house having forty-two windows or fights For every dw.'Jling-house having forty-three windows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty-four win lows or lights For every dwelling house having forty-five windows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty six windows or lights For every dwelling -house having forty-fevea windows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty-eight win lows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty-nine windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty windows or lights Tor every dwelling-house having fifty-one windows or lights For ewry dwelling-house having fifty-two windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-three windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty four windows or lights For every d well ug-house having fifty-fiv e windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-six windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-seven windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-eight windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-nine windows c; lights lor every dwelling house having sixty windows or lights For e vry-dv.’clht*g ho*»!r having sixty-onc window > or lights lor every dwciling-hcufc hiving sixty-two windows or lights For every dwelling-lnufe h wing sixty-thre j windows or lights Fur ewry dwelling-honfc h iving fixiy-fonr windows or fights For every dwelling-house having nxiy-five windows cr lights For every dwellijig-hoti having sixty six windows or lights For every dwellingdionfc luvi ig sixty seven windows or lights lor every dwelling-house having sixty-cl lit windows or lights rw every dwelling-honfe having fi.uv n r.o windows or fg'.M Fo* every dwelling-honk having fcvcaty windows or lights

JKfc*

Futy.

i- s. (I.

i3 7 1 (

11 10 i

S 12 3

0 *4 5

s 16 7

99 7

li9

l3 it

916 1

9id 3

1 j 11 3

10 >3 5

ID 'S 7

jiO *79

j.o 11

11 12 11

11 *5 1

11 17

11 19 5

1 2 r 7

12 M 7

12 16 0

12 id 11

'3 13 1 3 3

'3 to 3

3 id 5

'4 0 7

29

'-1 -l »t

'I <7 it

>S 0 1

’S 2 3

> A

5 6 7

IS l9 7

T-or

A.D. 1Soc* Chap. 4.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

'.I N I, A N'D DU'TI E‘S.

WINDOW LIGHTS.

Ev-sry dwell ing-house I aving- fevuity-one windows or lights Every dweiii'g- house having seven y two windows or lights Every dwclfing-house living seventy-three window^ or lights Every dwelling* heuse having seventy-four windows or lights Eve y dwelling-hnufe luning seventy five w'ndows or lights For every dwelling house having seventy fit windows-or lights For every dwelling-house having seventy-seven windows or lights - For every dwelling-house having seventy-eight windows or lights For every dwelling-hotise having fc\enty nine windows or lights - For every dwelling-house having eighty windows or lights For every dwelling heuse having eighty oneavindows or lights For every dY.\dIaig-house'luiving eighty-two windows or lights For every dwelling house having eighty three windows or lights For every dwelling house having eighty-four windows cr lights For everyvlwelHng-house having eighty-five windows or lights

- Fer every dwelling-house having eighty fix windows or lights For every dvveHing-houte hiving eighty-seven windows or lights

' For every dwelling house* having eighty eight windows or lights -. Foi every dwelling -house having eighty nine windows or lights For every dwelling house having ninety windows or lights For every dwilling-house having ninety-one windows cr lights For every dwelling house having ninety two windows or lights -

- For every dwellin -house having ninety-three windows or lights - For every dwelling-house having ninety-four windows or lights -

For every-dwelling house having ninety-five windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having-ninety fix windows cr lights -

For every dwc!hng-hnufc having nmety-seven windows cr lights -

For every dwolling-house having ninety-eight windows cr lights -

For every dwelling house having ninety nine windows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having-one hundred and one windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and two windows lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and three windows lights

-4

Duty,

r_ s, d.

irt I9

'6 3 11

a 6 i

id S 3

'7 I 3

'7 3 5

'7 S 7

n 79

<7911

Io 2 M

18 5 I

IS '7 3

is95

18 11 7

r9 4 7

*9 C9

'9s ii

'911 i

*9 >3 3

20 6 3

20 S S

20 0 7

20 12 i>

22 i 4 it

21 7 ii

2l -10 i

21 12 3

21 14 5

21 id 7

22 19 4

23 O'

3 3 2

23 5 10

IV

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

I N LAND D U T I E S. Dat:-

WLVUCW LIGH1S.

r -: liv/ellim- house luvin^ onu humh o! nml four uimlovvs vr

' f !-s ' - " . - - --380

!\ir cvetv ilu'itlliiv-houss having one humltvil ami fire rnnite cr

' - 43 >o 1

F,r rwiy dwelling house, havuig one hundred and six windows or iy ts - - - ‘ ‘ " j 1 - 4

lor cvtTV dwelling-house having one hundred and seven windows or lights ’ - - - M

Fir tvm* dwelling-house having one hundred ami eight lights' - - - 23 *6 S

hundred and nine windows o*.

’3 i3 10

ed and ten windows or

For every dwelling-house having

ligla,

For every dwelling house having one lights ‘

for every dwelling licule having one hundred and eleven window

lights'

for every dwelling-house having one hundred ami twelve'windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and thirteen windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fourteen windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifteen windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and Gxteen windows or lights b

For every dwelling house having one hundred and seventeen windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and eighteen windows or limits

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and nineteen windows

or lights

For every dwelling house luving oae hundred and twenty windows o

lights

For every dv/cHing-house having one hundred and twenty-onc window

or lights

1 or r dv.cding lioule having one hundred and twenty-two windows

or lights

Fr*- every dwi lFng house having one hundred and twenty-three window* or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twenty, four windows or lights

11

-a

1

r33

A.D. 1800.

I CO.

Chtp. 4.

-5 3

S "

25 S I -S 10 3 :j 12 s S >4 7 -S 16 S>

2; 13 it

:6 t i

27 3 to

27 6 o

27 8 2

-7 'o 4

27 n (5 Fuv

J34

a. r>. iSco. Chap. 4., v/V'v,'

TZi? Fcitictb Year of George III.

Schedule G. INLAND DUTIES.

WINDOW LIGHTS.

"For every dwelling Inv.fc having one hundred and twenty fire win !ev:'

or lights - . 7 :.i i

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twemv fix wimlev.;.

or lights - - - i'j 10

For every (V.vching-hciife having one hundred and twenty-feveu v.-i

dou's or lights - - aj i) 3

For every dwelling house having one lmn.-lrcd and twenty e’glst whi j

dows or lights - - " ,iS 1

For every dwelling heuse having one hundred and twenty nine win.by.: J

or lights - - ‘,:3

For every dwelling -house having one hundred am! thirty vhulcv. 0:

lights - j*9 6 t

Fer every dwelling house having one hundred and thirty.one whilcv.’s:

or lights - - ' j2(; S 3

For every dwelling I.eufc having one hundred and ihiity two window;, j or lights -

For cvety dwelling house having one hundred and thirty three windows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one h.undred ami thirty-four windows or lights

For every dvvelihig-house having one hundred and thirty-live windows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and thirty.fix windows or

lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and thirtyseven windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and thirty-eight windows or lights

l‘or every dwelling-house having one hundred and thirty-nine windows or lights

Fur every dwelling-house having one hundred and forty windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and forty-one windows or lights

; For ever/ dwelling house laving one hundred and forty-two windows or lights -

For every dwelling house laving one hundred and forty.three windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and forty-four w'mdows or lights

For every dwelling house laving one hundred and forty fire windows -or lights

S1 13

:9U- 7 19 149i>) tfi tt

9 '91 i° 1 3

3» 3 5

0 5 " 31 S

it to d 31 is t 31 M K' I 17 t

3> '9"*

T«

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Schedule G.

I K LAND DUTIE S. WINDOW LIGHTS.

Duty. \£. /. t

V;v every iKvell’ug-house having one hundred and fori/-fa windows ori

- [3; I

];jr every dwelling-hoiifc having one hundred and ferty-seven window, or li.his

For ei.*rv dwelling house having one hundred and forty eight windows

For ever.* dwelling house laving one hundred and forty nine windows < r ih/its

For e.vry d welling house having one hundred and fifty windows or

i‘g i*t» - ~ "

Kit ficrv dwelling house having cue hundred and fifty-one windows cr ‘ " '

Kit every dwelling house having one hundred anil fifty -two windows or lighis

For every dwelling house having one Jiundred and jifty-rhree wij.’dows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty-four windows nr lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifty-live windows or iigltts

lor every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty six windows or fights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifty fevett wiudows or lights - '

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifty eight windows cr lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifty-nine windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty windows or lighis

For every ilwelling-house having one hundred and sixty.one windows or

lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and sixty two windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and Gxty-three window: or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty.four windows or

lights

For every ilwelling-house having one hundred and sixty.five windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty-six windows lights - - I.

I. I 2

3! 3

32 5 12 7

I.-3 >o 7

1

33 ’2 '} 33 '4 H

3 '7 1

33 ’93

34 ' S 34 3 7 34 5934 7 II

34 10 1

35 ‘2 10 35 '5 0 35 '7

35 >94

36 1 0 3<S 336 5

*35

A. !>. I 1 S io. C!m['. 4.

10 For

136

A.D. 1800. Chap. 4-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Sciu'iiiile G.

IXI. !. N D DUTIES. WINDOW LIGHTS.

1%.

I

Tor every dwelling Loud* having one hunded anil sixty-seven windows or lights -

For every dwelling house living one hundred ami ilxty-eight windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fi.\ty nine windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and seventy windows or

lights

For ever/ dwelling house having one hundred anil seventy one window* or lights -

For every dwellingJ.ouse having one hundred and seventy two windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and seventy three win-1.....s or light -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and seventy-four windows or lights

- For every dwelling house having one hundred and seventy five windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and seventy fix windows

or light.3

For every dwelling house having one hundred and seventy seven win. dows or lights

Fur every dwelling house having one hundred and seventy-eight win. dows or lighis

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-nine windows or lights -

\6 8 0 30 10 a

36 n

37 »; '

37 17 j

s

33 1 7

33 39

5 ‘I

38 8 1

38 to 3 38 12 j

For every dwelling house having one hundred and eighty windows or lights

3D n

- For every dwelling house having one hundred and eighty one windows or lights and upwards, additional for each window or light - 0 2

The fiiid rates and duties to be charged upon and paid by the oc cupiers of such houses or tenements Tcipectively, and their reflective executors or adnunillrators, except where the fame rail be o-.herwifr direi ted, and find! be paid as soon after the twenty-fifth day of Mirch, one thousand eight hundred, as the same shall be demanded.

4

i

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. V.

An Act for the Belief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Lav).

hlordtiy tl'i Twentyfourth d.iy of iJjrch, one thousand eight hundred, Royal difent given.

JOHN GAYER,0. CJ.ER. PARI

*37

A.D. 1800.

WHEREAS fever?.] persons well affected to his Majesty's government, and the church of Ireland, as by law established, may have through ignorance neglected or been prevented by sickness, or other unavoidable causes, from taking and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the Lord’s supper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to the directions of an act passed in the second year of the reign of her late- Majesty-, Queen Anne, entitled, an act to prevent the further growth of popery, and may thereby have incurred great penalties; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that all and every person and persons who have incurred any penalties or incapacities’ in the said act, entitled, an act to prevent the further growth of popery, mentioned by neglecting to qualify themselvds according to the said act), shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from all incapacities, riifabilities, forfeitures, and penalties, incurred by reason of such oniiffion or neglect as siforesaid, and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be qncfiioned or avoided by reason of such neglect or omiilion, but all such acts shall he, and are hereby declared to be, as good and effectual as if all and every such person and persons h id taken and subscrib-rd the said oaths, and received the said sacrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and fnb-feribed the said declaration at such time, place, and manner, r.s therein mentioned, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding. Provided always, That such person or persons do, and shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said declaration in such Vol. XX. M m manner

[Preamble.]

Perfinj

whit Invc in oirvod penal-tie: or ine.i. jKicin'w under 2il Anno, shall lie in* demuiiied

acts done by such jici Ions, and not yet avoided, shall not be qntlli-otied.

138 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

iSco

Such persons frail take the oaths on or before

1 Jan. 1801.

Not to TC-store to offices or tm*

manner and form, and in such place anti places as are rlircflcil and appointed by the said atft to prevent the further growth of popery, on or before the fit ft day of January, which full be in the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

2. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to restore, or entitle any person, or persons to any office or employment already actually avoid-

rcaly’tXd11" c<^ 'ty judgment in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or up or avoided, already filled up by any other person, but that such officcor employment shall be, and remain in the person and persons who is or are now entitled by law to the fame, as if this act

had not been made.

CHAP. VI.

An Act to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits in this Kingdom, for a limited Time.

AhmLy the loaenly-fruySh nay of Marsh, one ihufiuul eight hamlral, Royal rtfrml given.

jOllS GAYER, D. CIER. PAr.L.

WHEREAS by a resolution of the house of commons, it was resolved, That an immediate {top should be -put to the further, mailing of barley within this kingdom, in order that whatever quantity of that grain did remain iloViiiVmlt" unmalted, might be-brought into the market, in aid of the ingotbarlty general subsistence of tile country; and whereas by another resolution of the house of commons it was resolved, That it is expedient that the distillation of all corn whatsoever should itopA'ltnL'0 -be. discontinued from and after the seventh day of April, April-tCr 71,1 next’ l’mc to *ie l'n>ited-,> and whereas by another

resolution of the house of commons, it was resolved, That Rdbtution the said first recited resolution should be laid before hiscxccl-u?b«iaidbt- lency the lord lieutenant, together with an humble address, Kaa!' "1 requesting that he might be pleased to direiff, that the moll speedy measures might to be taken to carry the fame into immediate efledt j and whereas a proclamation of the lord lien-Proclamation tenant and council, issued pursuant to said resolution. prohi-ilu^l. biting the making of malt.; be it unified by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual, and temporal and commons in this prefer,t

parliament

The Fortieth Year of George III. 139

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, A- D. that it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatso- q ever, from and after the seventh day of April, one thousand eight hundred, until the first day of September in the said l^7t*pnl* year, to diflil or make any spirits, or strong waters, from any "Jf* corn or grain whatsoever; and in case any person or persons ditiilled from shall make or distil any such spirits or strong waters, from any corn or grain whatever, during the said time, he, flie, eaUon.anil

1 s ° all forfeited,

or they shall forfeit the film of five pounds, and also five pounds for every gallon of spirits so by him, her, or them dif-tiiled, of pot-ale, Anglings, or spirits, or strong waters distil-Icri from such corn, or prepared for such distillation, found in l;is, her, or their possession, and shall also forfeit all such pot-ale, Anglings and spirits, or strong waters.

2- And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons within this kingdom, from and after the to b'.’inaVII tenth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, until the fro,n 10

J % 0 March to f

nrft day of September in the said year, to malt any here, Sept, penalty barley, oats, or other grain whatsoever; and in case any forfc;,"j.c0r" person or persons shall wet, or put any such corn or grain in deep, or shall malt any such corn or grain whatsoever, every such person so offending, for every barrel of such corn or grain so wet or put intofteep, or made into malt, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and shall also forfeit all such corn and grain making or made into malt.

3. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be by this filed for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, raa)’,1'c r'"‘

17 vcrctl, as by and by such ways and means, and with such powers and i+andiyC. authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and ,"omc<!yo< by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth al’l,cal* years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, an act for ike settling of the excifie or nnv intpof upon his Majesj, his heirs mid success'ors, according to the book of rates therein i;.Jerted, as fully and efleGuully, to all intents, conflruGions and purposes, as if the farm: were particularly mentioned, txprcffed, and enabled in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or thcniselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said ail is provided.

Mm2

140 ‘the Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. 4. And be it enacted, That all officers of the revenue an^ peace officers, and their assistants, shall be indemnified for Officers, all acts done by them from the said tenth day of March, fiedforafe'" until the passing of this act, in order to carry into effect the ",0 said proclamation and resolutions of the house of commons, carrying pro- as fully as if this act had actually been in full force on the resolutions*111^ said tenth day of March, one thousacd eight hundred.

into cffctt.

CHAP. VII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer! ion, and for the letter payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom.

jlToituijy the twenty fourth day of March, one thousaiul tight hundred^ royal ajint five:,.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLEJt. 1* A<tL»

WHEREAS the railing or keeping a standing army within this kingdom in time of peace, unless it be with the consent of parliament, is against law: And whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty and this present parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of his IVIa-Mmutcrof jesty’s crown; and that the whole number of such forces forces should confitl of forty-nine thousand and foventy three men:

49,073 } ' '

' , whereof twelve thousatld melt commissioned and non-com-12, usn kept

iu tiic king- missioned officers included, shall be kept within this kingdom for the necessary defence of the fame, at' all times, except ="<133,839 in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain; and thirty-tuation"'^lrce thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine rnen, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, for the defence of the country in the present fitnaiion of affairs: Ami whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjeil-cd in time of peace to any kind of pnniffiment’within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and cfl.i-bliffied law of this realm; yet nevertheless, it being renui-site for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that soldiers who (kail mutiny or Air up sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow: Be

The Fortieth Year of George III. 14i

it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by

A.D. 1800.

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and !l'’00

temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

Y oflicci

nporal, and commons in this present parli

and by the authority of the same, that if any person, being

mcflered nr in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be enlist- nan. during

id or in pay as a soldier; shall at any time during the conti- a, Ccoftliis

rtuncc of this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any ac*.'vtioO.nlt mutiny, &c.

mutiny or sedition in the'regiment, troop, or company to "hith ho doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's landor marine forces in his Majesty's service, or (Itall not use his utmost endeavours to ftipprefs the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer; or shall mtfbc-have himself before the enemy, or shall Shamefully abandon or deliver up any gariifon, forirefs, pofl or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend, or shall compel tire governor or commanding officer of any gariifon, fortress, or pofl, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame, or shall speak words, or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer, or others, to misbehave before the enemy, or fltamefully to a-lwndon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post or guard committed to their respective charge, or which lie or they (li,ill he commanded to defend, or (Itall leave his poll before ri'icvid, or (itall be found flee ping on his pofl, or shall hold corrcfuundcncc with, or give advice or intelligence to any

' ^ 'LvjJ.U r

id’ll, or enemy of his Majesty, either by ielters, mellligcs, miir.pi_..t,

1; t.s. or tokens, in any manner or way v. hatfoev.-r, or (itall uc',-lii.it or enter into any terms with such rebel or cnenty, with- lc|i,ol"lwkV

vhh the* c:ic-

I"'.: his Maji'fl)’s liccnlb, or iicenfe of the gen wal, or chief "A';,f l,is

*’ . , Al.tjcUv;

o'iiiUKi.jfirr, or fii.nl flrikc, or v.fc any violence arpinft his or M‘ flijiciior ciliicr, I-, it:; in the execution of his office, or shall r«i!i«hc>-!»

iri" . hijK-nor

diiol.rv any lawful coninianc! of his fupenor o;,ccr, or shall oiiL-ci, dtfni his Majesty's fcrviic; all and every ]tcifoil or persons lii olirnding in any of (lie matters hefore mentioni d, shall duitii, »r sass'.- tiialli, or such other puni'.hment as by a eovut martial jjm.ishment /Li! he awarded.

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enabled. That >-*'" any l'.on-commissiorted officer or soldier, cnlilled or in pay in nf.'y ot'ucr any regiment, troop, or company, who (lull, without hav-Vol. XX. N n ing

;i court i.tf.tl shall

14? The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1ng first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist liim-ibco. fc-lf in any other regiment, troop, or company, shall be deemed to have deserted his Majesty's service, and shall in deemed de- like manner suffer death, or such other punishment as by a

lotion.

court martial shall be awarded.

Soldierscn-

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether soldiers who regiment,'&c. r'g'lt bel°ng to another corps in which they first enlisted,

though pre- and from which they have not obtained a discharge, may be longing to proceeded against and tried for deserting any corps in which beTricdfor^i they ma.y afterwards have enlisted, or for any crime commit-of Tcnces, Sc. (^y them whilst serving therein: Be it enacted by theau-thority aforesaid, that if any person who is or shall be enlisted

or in -pay as a soldier, in any regiment, troop, or company . in his Majesty’s-service, shall desert the fame, or-shall, 'whilst serving therein, commit any offence against this act, , or against the rules or-articles of war, such person shall be

liable to be tried by a court martial, and: punished in like manner as if be had originally enlisted in, and of right be-

longed to the fame, notwithstanding it-shall have been difeo-. vered, or known that he had previously belonged to some other regiment, troop, or company, and not been discharg-cd therefrom.

Subfcquent

IV. Provided always, That if such person shall be claim-gircnTncvi- C<^ by such other regiment, troop, or company, and he produce. . cceded against as a deserter therefrom, his subsequent deserti-. on from any one or more corps in which he may have un-\ warrantably enlisted,- may, unless he shall already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence as an aggravation of his crime, previous notice being always given to' such deserter, of the fact or facts-intended to be produced in evidence upon his trial.

- The King V. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, may gmnta that his Majesty may, from time to time, by his royal com-

commilmm , J

for bolding - milfton, empower the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or

t;X*'c!^" other chief governor or governors of the fame for the time ! being, td appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct his or their warrant to any general officer having the chief command of a body of forces within this kingdom, authorizing him to convene, general courts, martial,

as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under, his command all which general

courts

The Fortieth Year of George III.

14

courts martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their proceedings, according to the several , provisions herein after fp't'cified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be owns-mr. lawful to and for such courts martial, by their sentence or judgment, to, inflidl corporal punishment, not extending to

c - i . 1 # ‘ , , for imniora*

lile or limb, bn any soldier for immoralities, :mifbebaviour, Etk$,&c. or neglect of duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That GencniI no general court martial which shall be held under the au* conn-martial thority of this act, shall consist of a less number than thir-offers than teen commissioned officers, and the president of such general ,3'

court martial shall not be the commander in chief, nor governor of the garrison where the offender that] be tried, nor under "^ofa the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer can- fiti3o%e7,

° , unless a fielil

not he had, nor in any case whatsoever under the degree of nffiecican-a captain; and that all general courts martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer -

an oath to every witness in order to the examination or trial of captain j of any of the offences that shall come before them. tTimnd-

VIII. Provided always, That in all trials by general courts »*>»n«acr an

r ° to

martial, to be held by virtue of this act, every member af- every wit-lifting at such trial, before any proceedings be had thereupon, <ErtrJ,mem shall take the following oaths upon the holy evangelists, be- i*rto be fore the judge advocate or his deputy, (who are hereby authorized to administer the same,) that is to say, " you shall j,age., well and truly try and determine according to your evidence cl,ar»c* in the matter now before you.

" So help you God."

I A.B. dofwear, Thai I will truly administer justice, accord- 0all)> tug to the rules and articles for the better government of his Majestys forces, and according to an all of parliament now in force for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and other crimes therein mentioned, without partiality, favour or a fell ion; and if any doubt shall arise which is not explained by tke said articles or all of parliament, according to my confience, the best of my undeijlanding, and the enfom of war in like cases. And I fur-

ther swear, that I will not divulge the sentence of the court until it shall be approved of by his Majesty, or byfeme pirfn duly authorized by him , neither will /, upon atty account, at any time

iuhatfever,

144 7^ Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

whatsoever, difdofe or discover the vole or opinion of any partial-i8-o. Jar mdhber if 'the court martini, unless'required-to give evidence thereof as a witness, if rfrowr of juf ice, hi a due cours of lam.

So help me God.

Judge ad- And as soon as the said oath shall have been administered to

vocate to be r

(worn. the respective- members, the prelident of the court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the'jndgc advocate, or the person officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

Q I hi B. dofoiear, Yu at I -ibill not, upon any account, at ary

tinie-w/iatjcever, distiofe or discover the vote e-r opinion of am

particular member of the courl-maiiiai, tinhfs to give aidencf

thereof as sviitncfc, in a due covrfc af iaiv. So help me God.

And no sentence of death shall be given against any offender In fcntcr.ce 0

ofjrfeath, in Tuch case by any general court martini, unless nine officers

ofofcrs111'1 "present -shall concur therein; and in all cases where a court martial shall consist of 'more officers that) thirteen, then ih; judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two-thirds at the Icaft of the officers presentJ; and no proceedings or uiabfha'.i be had upon any ofilnce but between the hours of eight i\ thcclockin the morning-a-nd' three.in the afternoon, except in cases which shall require an immediate example. -

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, Tint in case of any foulier tried and convicted of desertion, or of any other offence, to which the punishment -of desertion it annexed ' by ' this act, whensoever the court martial ulikii shall pass-sentence-Mpon-such-trial-, shall not think the offence deferring of -capital pnnifo.ment, such court mar lb! may, in ft cad of awarding;! corporal pv.nil'r. merit. adjudge th; offender, it they fhalh think fit, to serve ns a feU.kr'in arm of the corps ftaiioned in any of his Majesty's dominions la-yontl the teas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to ‘tic degree of offence.; and if - but rctimikjr such -'soldier shall afterwards, without leave from his Wa-

witllOKlllSlVC . A r

befoircsp jetty,- or from the commanding oliicer of the coips m when term','i*c*UCl1 '1C ? c appointed to serve, return into this realm before

itiati fatter the.expiration of the term limited by such fenleru'e, and frail

dvaih.

be conviiih'd thereof by a court martial, hc-flinil fiff-r ;k tit-

X. Provided always, That the parly tried by any a.Ciurd

'Court martial shall be entitled to a copy of the fentcp.ee ar.l

proceedings of such court martial upon demand thereof iv.ah

ill all cuiitur.

Hours of

DcfcruT may hv: v.d-judgedlo itiWL nt any corps f.bry:;d for life, »r for ;i term of ycaibj

The Fortieth Year of George III. r45

by liimfclf, or by any other person or persons on his behalf, lie or they paying reasonably for the fame, at any time not

sooner than three months after such sentence, whether such —'

sentence be approved of or not, any thing in this act to the trial,'cmi-rty contrary notwithstanding. tpylhh,

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the fcntmccand

procrcdintrs,

authority aforesaid, That every judge advocate, or person of the court officiating as such at any general court martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much expedition as castings,sc. the opportunity of time and distance of place can admit, t;ai,to bc*ar~ the original proceedings and sentence of such court martial to

to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief ciw»rr of the governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland, to be nan:, &c." iaid before him or them, and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence therein contained, to be lodged with the judge advocate, general in Dublin; which said original proceedings and sentence shall be carefully kept and preserved in the office of such advocate general, to the end that the person entitled thereto may be enabled, upon application to the office, to obtain cctpies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court martial, nor any entry or copy thereof, shall martial, or be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever, "py thereof, any thing contained in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and en- None to he

acted, That no officer or soldier being acquitted or convicted tn.-aafi.-..vnJ

nine fir tli

of any offence, be liable to be tried a second time by the I'd UK* oifciice,

fame or any other court martial for the fame offence, un- "fa^,

less in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general

court martial; and that no sentence given by any court

martial, and signed by the president thereof, be liable to be

revised more than once.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained i>..oc,vj.l,!,

shall extend, or be construed to exempt any officer or fol- V urj;,up-

dicr whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordiniry

courfcof law.

XV. And for the preventing of frauds and deceit in the mustering of soldiers, be it further enacted by the authority Vol. }fX. O o aforesaid,

I .)C0.

Chap.

cates to cx-

cufe fold'Vis isom mullcis.

14$ The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue certificate whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any muster, or any

f.ir'nKl1 r°' ot*,er Service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prison, or on furlough; then every such person so making, giving, or procuring Arch certificate, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office or employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the absence of any soldier, but for the reasons above mentioned, or one of them; and the cora-mitfary of the multers is hereby directed to set down on the roll, at the time of the taking of the muster, the reason of the absence of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of such certificate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer that shall make any false or untrue muster of man or horse, and every commissary, muster-master, or other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign any muster-roll, wherein such false muller is contained, cr any duplicate thereof; and also every comniiffnry, muster-master, or other officer, who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any sum or sums of money, cr any gratnity, on or for the muttering of any regiment, troop or company, or on or for the signing of any miifler-rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof -upon oath, made by two witnesses before a general court-martial to be thereupon called, which is hereby authorized and required to ariminifler such oath, shall for such offence be forthwith cashiered, and displaced from such his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil ot military office or employment within this realm.

CommitTary

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrc-ormiifttr- said, That every coinmiflary or muster-master, upon any muf-

matter to give notice to mayor, Sec-

Penalty on officers making false nini-

tCJS; &c.

of muller, ice.

ter to be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient time before such muster made, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the said soldiers so to be muflered shall be quartered, who is

hereby

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

hereby required to be present at every such mutter, and give his utmost affifhnce for the discovering any false or untrue mutter there made, or offered to be made; and that every i'uch commissary or mutter-mailer making or taking i'uch muster, that shall negieift to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take the aid and alliftance of fuel) mayor, chief magistrate, or officer where the soldiers to be muttered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be discharged from his office; and no muster-roll 5o1-shall be allowed, unless the fame he signed by the fititl mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer respectively; but in case n»;ur, such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer shall not, upon due notice given, attend such muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster-roll, without giving good and fnflicient reasons for such his refusal, that then the commi fury may proceed to muster such regiment, troop, or company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that as soon after taking such muster as conveniently may be, oath be made by the commissary or mutter-matter, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery in Dublin, that such notice was truly given to the said mayor, chief magistrate, or officer as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, penaIly , That if any person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself |"r","si"tr,:r' falsely or deceitfully to -be muttered, upon proof thereof I'AnstnU made upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justice of UtuY"U ’ the peace for the county where such muster shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in writing under the hand of the commissary of the mutters, or chief magistrates as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said iuflice is hereby authorized and required to commit such offender to the lioule of correction, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or fumilli any horse tobe muttered, which shall not truly belong bYrirfcUcd" to the trooper or troop so muttered, the said horse so falsely &c-muttered shall be forfeited to the in former, if the fame doth belong tr the person lending or furnishing the said horse; or otherwise the person lending or furnishing the said horse shall 0 o 0. forfeit

fthe Fort'.eth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure

lfico. to |,c ma,jc or given, any false or untrue certificate whereby

i3-/tj-' to excuse any fofdicr for his absence from any mutter, or any

Penalty on other service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pre-fiJfc etrtili- , , 3 . , f . 1

eatraMcx. fence of being employed on some other duty of the regiment,

ftotmuiiciV or being in prifom, or on furlough; then every such person so making, giving, or procuring fitch certificate, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pound, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his office, and shall he thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office or employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the absence of any soldier, but for the reasons above mentioned, or one of them; and the commissary of the mutters is hereby directed to set down on the roll, at the time of the taking of the muster, the reason of the absence of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of such certificate.

Penalty on

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrc-

ofiicnrsinn!;- fnid. That every officer that shall make any false or untrue ta’s, muster of man or horse, and every commissary, muiler- matter, or other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign any muster-roll, wherein such false muster is contained, cr any duplicate thereof; and also everyconimiffary, mutter-matter, or other officer, who shall diredfly or indircttly take, or cause to be taken, any sum or Aims of money, cr any gratnity, on or for the muttering of any regiment, troop or company, or on or for the signing of any mutter-rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof -upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court-martial to be thereupon called, which is hereby authorized and required to administer such oath, shall for such offence be forthwith cashiered, and displaced from such his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this realm.

CommiiTary

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

or mutter, said. That every commissary or mutter-matter, upon any muf-mailer to give J J . 1

notice to ter to be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a

«f mutter^" convenient time before such muster made, give notice to the

*c* mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the said soldiers so to be muttered shall be quartered, who is

hereby

The Fortieth Year of George III. 147

hereby required to be present at every t'uch mutter, and give A.D. his utmost aflifhnce for the discovering any false or untrue 1<0C!

muster there made, or offend to be made; and that every such commissary or raufter-maftrr making or taking such muster, that shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take the aid and alliflance of such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer where the soldiers to be mustered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, on Majlv,f and shall be discharged front his office; and no muster-roll 5J-shall be allowed, unless the fame be signed by the said mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer respectively j but in case hytlu-majur, such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer shall not, upon dtlc notice given, attend such muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster-roll, without giving good and sufficient reasons for such his refusal, that then the commissary may proceed to muster such regiment, troop, or company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that as fooa after taking such muster as conveniently may be, oath he made by the commissary or muster-master, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery in Dublin, that such notice was truly given to the said mayor, chief magistrate, or officer as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, penaity0* That if any person shall be falsely muttered, or offer himself fallcly or deceitfully to 'be muttered, upon proof thereof s mu made upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justice of tmJ; the peace for the county where such mutter shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in writing under the hand of the commissary of the mutters, or chief magistrates as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such offender to the lioute of correction, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or Kurtsfilfity furnish any horse tone mustered, which shall not truly belong "forfeited" to the trooper or troop so mustered, the said horse so falsely muttered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong te the person lending or furnishing the said horse; or otherwise the person lending or furnishing the said horse shall O o 2 forfeit

1.4S The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. > forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two wit* n^00’,. nesses before the next justice of the peace-, which twenty pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hand' and seal

of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, rendering the overplus,

if any be,- to the owner; and in case such offender shall not have’ sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, - or shall not pay such penalty within four days after

' such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the

peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal,

cither commit such offender to the common gaol, -there to rc-

; main without bail or mainprize, for the space of three months

or cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the dif-crction of such justice; and the said forfeiture shall be to such person or persons that shall give information thereof; and the said informer or informers, if belonging to the service, shall have a Tight to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the fame.-

Officers

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority tiforc-Tlitary"'8 ^a'^’ ^at cvei7 commissioned officer, store-keeper, or com-P.tius, &c. missary, that shall embezzle or manifestly cause to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully, or through neglect,-suffer any provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military (lores to be spoiled or damaged,- upon proof thereof upon oath, made by two witnesses before a general court-martial; which is hereby authorized and required to adminif-to be cashier- ter such oath, shall be forthwith difnriffed his Majesty's service, WModT an<^ forfeit the fuat of one hundred pounds, and is hereby 1 he damage required to make good at his own expence, the loss and good by sale damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such court-Mdduitd!- marl'a^ which shall have power-to seize the goods and chattels of the person offending, and fell them for the payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such damage; and if for want of sufficient goods and chattels cannot be found and seized, then jwfhnatube the person so offending shall be committed to prison, or the committed; common gaol, to remain there for six months, without bail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; and after oftbcfm-°n *he said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be fciturc. applied and disposed of as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 149

A.D. 1800.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commifihry of the mutters, or mutter-

matter, either of the land forces or marines, making or

taking a matter, do make oath before the mayor or chief

magistrate attending the making or taking such mutter as Mutter-r r.-rr r n r matter taking

sforcfaia, it such mayor or chief magistrate so attending a mulki to he a justice of the peace, or otherwise before one of toi!k I,is majesty’s courts of record, or before a matter in chancery in Dublin, who is hereby authorized to administer the same in manner following:

I A.B. do fviear, That I fain at the time of taking 0al1’' a mv.jler of such troops ir companies of this regiment as lay within my present circuit, such men or horses of such troops or companies so mujiered by me as are borne and not respited, on the muster-roll, for which men or horses a Jtgned certificate or certificates are not endorsed on the back of the roll, certifying their being absent from the unifier ky reason of being employed on feme other duty of the regiment, or by being sick, in pnfon, on furlough, or at grass, or by a figued leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or company. 11ike-u'jfe fear, fiat I ajfified in the examining and comparing this tnujler-roll with the regimental book-, that have seen and examined the attefiations of all the recruits of the period, that I find them complete, and believe them to be jnfi and corrcil.

which oath the said commissary, or mutter-matter, is hereby rlirefled to insert, and subscribe on the back of ilic intifter-roll by him delivered into the office of the commifliiry general of the mutters; and as soon as the commissaries of the mutters shall have severally completed their circuits, within twenty-one days after the fame, they are hereby directed personally to appear at the oflice of the mutter-matter general in Dublin, and in his presence, or in that of his deputy, who is hereby directed to attend, before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery, to make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

P p

I. A.B.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

150

A.D. 1800.

I A.B. do swear, 77m/ <2/ the times and places Je-

verally named in the muf enrolls taken by me of the fol-Oath. lowing regiments, viz.

J was personally present, and did at the time of taking the said mujlers, afpjl in comparing the several mu ster-rolls with the regimental books of the several regiments, troops, or companies, and that I believe them just and correct. Taken before me.

Penalty on agents, &c. detaining officers’ or fol-dieis> pay.

Penalty on ugents ilif-oheying ur-<Iers.

'Which said oath is to be attested by the said muster-master general, or his deputy.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, shall wilfully detain or withhold by the space of one month the pay of any officer or soldier, (clothes and all other just allowances being deduded,) after such pay shall be by him or them received, or if any officer having received his soldiers’ pay, shall refuse to pay each respective r.on-commissioned officer and soldier their respective pay, when it shall become doe, according to the several rates cflabliflted by order of government, then upon proof thereof, before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that ptirpose held and summoned, every such pay-mailer, agent, clerk, or officer so offending, shall be discharged from his employment, and shall forfeit to the informer, upon conviction before the said court, one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid; and the informer if a soldier, if he demands it, shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further service, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And for the better execution thereof, and that a true and regular account may he kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments, and indepindent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions as shall from time to time be given lay his Majesty, under his sign manual,- or by I.is Majesty's chief governor or governors of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse

fihe' Fortieth Year of George III.

or neglectt to observe and comply with such orders or directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and be utterly di fa bled to have or bold any such office in his Majesty's (mice in this kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enacted, That if any officer orcommiffjry shall mutter any person by a wrong name, knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a general court-martial, the frill officer or commissary shall suffer such penalties, and-in such manner as is directed and inflicted by this act upon those who shall make false mutters.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Oueen Awe, entitled, an Act to prevent the disorders that may happen by the marching of soldiers, and providing carriages fir the baggage of f Idters on their march, it is amongst other things enacted and declared " That no officer, " soldier, or trooper in Her Majesty's army, nor the servant " of any officer, nor any attendant on the train of artillery, " nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer " commanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any " such officer, shall at any time hereafter have, receive, or 11 be allowed any quarters in any part of this kingdom, save " only during such time as he or they shall be and remain " in fotne sea-port town, in order to be transporled, or " during such time as there shall be any commotion in any " part of this kingdom, by reason of which emergency her Majesty's army, or any considerable part thereof, shall -be " commanded to march from any part of this kingdom to " another, or during such time or times as he or they shall " be on their march as aforesaid." And whereas the barracks <'f 'his kingdom arc noL at present sufficient to lodge all the farces noon its military eft iblishment: and whereas it mir be necessiirv to Union part of the troops in places where there arc not barracks, or not sufficient birrteks to hold them: Be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding (he said recited a Cl, to and for the constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, vilhges, and other places within this kingdom, and in their default or absence, for any one justice of the peace, inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others, and such constables, and other chief magistrates as aforesaid,

P p 2 arc

x5l

A.D. 1800.

i So:.

Chap. 7'

Penalty on ofiidcts nwf-tcr*«£ jK'rfunt ,y, wrong s.a 'if.?.

Muttering by wrong name.

Recital, 6 Anne.

Troops national where no barrackt.

Constabfcs, &c. to <]nar-

rS2

A.D. 1 };oo. Chap. 7.

ter officers and men in inns, ile-hou-fes, See.

Penalty on constables. &’c.' quartering them in honfes not within the

meaning of this as, without consent of owners) &c.

Penalty on officers quartering folili-ers contrary to this act* ka.

Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any jniliee, and be re-

JIcveiL

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

are hereby required to quarter and biliet the officers and soldiers in his Majesty's service in inns, livery-stables, ale-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drunk in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging; and all houses of persons felling brandy, firong waters, cider or metheglin by retail; and where there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then in such manner as has been heretofore customary; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are effective soldiers present to be quartered; all which billets, when made out by such chief magistrates or confla-blcs, shall be delivered into the hands of the commanding officer present; and if any coiistable or such like officer or magistrate, as aforesaid, shall prefunie to quarter or biliet any such officer or soldier in any house not within the meaning of this act, without the consent of the owner or occupier, then such owner or occupier shall have his or their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer for the damage that such owner or occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon any mayors, constables, or other civil officers before mentioned, tending to deter or discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty 'hereby required or appointed, such military officer shall for every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso fiOo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom: provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next assizes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, or county of the city, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such constable, chief officer or magistrate, not being a justice of the peace, has quartered or billeted in his house a greater number of soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof

to

The Fortieth Year of George III. *53

to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the A.D. division, city, or Jiberty where such soldiers are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or n.ore justices of the peace of such division, city, or Jibe:ty, such justices respectively shall have, and have hereby power to relieve such persons, by ordering such and so many of the soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they shall feecause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers accordingly.

XXV. And whereas great inconvenience happens from the Not left

s 1 r than two

billeting of soldiers singly; be it therefore enacted by the m.-n billet-

authority aforesaid, that at no time hereafter, a less number hoafe;1 billets

than two men shall be billeted in any one house, and such ybc

‘ clunked eve-

billets may be changed once in every month if thought ne-17 month.

ccfthry by the chief magistrate, to prevent any burden

thcrchv arising from falling heavy on particular individuals.

XXVI. And as very great detriment and inconvenience aril'es to the service from the dispersing and billeting of soldiers when on a march at a great distance from the place or places where they are meant to be quartered, and contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said last recited act, and by reason of which they are placed wide of their intended route for the next day’s march: be it therefore enacted by Tr??,?5n1t

/ . 1 to be billeted

the authority aforesaid, That at no time when troops are on above one a march, shall any of them be billeted above one mile from phttmaiu-the place or places mentioned in the route. mm:"',llC

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho- pc,ityon rity aforesaid, That if any officer shall take, or cause to be

taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any money of any quarters person for cxcufing the quarters of officers or soldiers, or any »ho#(callow-nf them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall he cashiered, and he incapable of serving in any military employment whatsoever.

XXVIII. And whereas great inconveniences have arisen, and may arise in such places where horse or dragoons are, or may be quartered, by the billeting of the men and their horses at different houses, and often at great distances from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act: Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Vou XX. Q q in

>54

A.D. 1800.

ibcc.

Koifjcr

JJ!U

:'.vl Uit'ir lurks to he bllluul in tli ic :ic houfw.

Manner of exchanging irum and horses.

No fees or itcituoltons out nF otfi-ceis> or Uil-dim’-jvjy, except for clotliing» or such a*, arc v.ow made, or

Audi be directed by U*3 Majesty,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

in all pl;ce> "'here horse or dragoons fha.lt be quartered or billeted in pursuance of this n<ft for the future, the men and their horses fli.ill be billeted in one and the fame house. except in case of ns ca ffity, and that in no other case whatsoever there be less thin '-ne man billeted where there Avail one: or two horses, nor less than two men where there shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number , and in such case, each man Hull be billeted as near his horse as possible.

XXIX. And whereas some doubts have arift-n dlicther commanding officers of any regiment, troop or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of the service; be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, that such exchange as above mentioned, may be made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the numbers of men or horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such house or houses; and the constables, titning-men, headboroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, villages, or other places where any regiment, troop, or company limit be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly,

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred, no paymaster-general, paymaster of the army, paymaster of the marines, l'ecretary at war, commissiiry, or muster-master, or any other officer whatsoever, or their under-officers, shall receive any fees, or make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or soldier in bisMi-jesty’s army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the said thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred, other than the usual deductions for clothing, and such other necessary deductions as are now made, or shall from time to time be directed by his Majesty under his royal 11 gn manual.

XXXI. And that the quarters of officers and soldiers in this kingdom may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, his Majesty's duties of excise better answered, and that the owners of houses on whom officers and soldiers shall be billeted, may be encouraged to provide proper accommodation

for

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

for such officers, soldiers and horses: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times as the troops shall be on their march, or during such times as there shall lie any commotion in any part of this kingdom, payment shall be made for each officer and soldier, duiing the time he or they shall occupy such billet, at the following weekly rates, videlicet: for each field officer, ten shillings and fix-prncc; for each captain,'eight shillings; for each fuh.il tern officer, six shillings: in Dublin, for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling and one penny , for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six-pence halfpenny: in the country, for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling; for etch trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, fix-pchce; the payment of the officers’ lodgings to be made by the officers themselves, in the present accustomed manner; the payment of the mens’ lodgings to be made monthly by the commanding officer of each corps, in each quarter, in consequence of money sent to them for that purpose by their several regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit such money, such sums shall be advanced to them as shall be necessary, for which the regiments shall be accountable, and which sums shall be accounted for in the usual manner.

XXXII. And as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient flabling for the horses so billeted, four-pence per week shall be paid to the owners of (tables for each horse, during the time each shall remain, in such manner and under such circumstances, as the quarters of the men are paid; and in case of any troop or company being suddenly ordered lo march, anil that the respective commanding officers arc not enabled to make payment of the sums due for the lodgings of the men and (tabling of the horses, every such officer shall, before his departure, make up the account with every person with whom such troop or company may have been quartered, and figu a certificate thereof; which account and certificate shall be transmitted to the agent of the regiment, that immediate payment may be made in the accustomed manner.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the clauses and circumstances of this act shall, iii every particular, extend to ill recruiting parties whatsoever, and their recruits, of his Majesty's land and marine forces, that may be employed on

7 Oq 2 that

Rates to be paid for

Olivers’ and i<’idiers* iudg-inge.

Money to be. advanced to the agents.

Rates to be paid for llab-lins horses:

officers to make up at

count* witi perfo'ih wit whom tr>Ki art* Ivlleted, aid ligii a certificate.

Tins act to extend tuail rccr.j':m;-par litra of I.md nr limine foiL'ej, pt:al

ty;!.

j 56 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

that service within this kingdom; and quarters shall at all idoo. times, upon requisition, be granted to such parties and their recruits, as prescribed by this act; they paying for the same at the rates before directed, notwithstanding there may be barracks in the places where such quarters are so demanded. Non-com-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every non-fiensandfei- commissioned officer and soldier, who shall be billeted ac-o'luUcd'to'1’ cordinS to t^ic provisions in this act, shall be entitled to, properac- and receive proper and fuliicient accommodation, respectivety, m quarters. and also the use of the kitchen utensils, to cook and eat their victuals in their quarters.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that for the better and more regular provision of car-

riages for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, or accoutrements, all justices of the peace within their several counties, shires, divisions, liberties, and precincts, being duly required thereunto by an order irmn the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or the general of his Majesty's forces, or the mailer-general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall, as often as such order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the quarter-mailer, adjutant, or othet officer or non-commissioned officer of the regiment, detachment, troop, or company so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrants to the cmistables or petty constables of the division, city, liberty, hundred, and precimft, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, troop or company shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neigli-justteof bouring parts may not always bear the burden; and in case iffii/wmraia sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such li-toconihbles berty, division, or precimft, then the next justice or justices

requiting '

themtopro. of the peace of the next county or division, shall, upon vide carnages. ort;er as ;iforcfajcj being brought or shewn to one or

more of them by any of the officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant to the constable or petty-constables of such next county, liberty, division, or prccindl, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency; and such constable or petty-constables shall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their respective liberties, as they

jl- pew!

The Fortieth Year of George II?. 157

they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages A.D. and men according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby j^00, required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and if any military officer or officers, for the use of whose troop or company the carriage was provided, shall force and conilrain officers not

1 s to foioe nn\

any carriage to travel more than one day s journey, except ciin;0^ to as hereafter cxccpled, or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their return home, or shall suffer any soldier or fer- i'rcrl;‘y. Levant, except such as are lick, or any woman, to ride in the carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty-con-itable, by threatening or menacing words, to provide faddlc-horses for themselves, or servants, or shall force horses from the owners, by themselves, servants, or soldiers, every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county, who are to certify the same to the paymaster-general, or other respective paymaster of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the hands and seals of the aforesai' justices of the peace of the said county, who are hereby empowered to deduct the fame out of such officer's pay; and the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant from the justices of the peace are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the constable or petty constable to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, before the owner of such carriage shall be compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in the march with his carriage, to pay down in hand to the owner of such carriage, or his servant, the sums herein after mentioned for every mile, or reputed mile, they are to march, that is to say, for every hundred weight which the owner or owners of any wheel-carriage shall take as loading oil such wheel-carriage, the sum of one penny onc-sixth part for cvcrv mile, or reputed mile he or they shall therewith mile; march; and if any officer or person requiring such carriages as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the owner of such carriage the sum hereby appointed to be paid, lie and they shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings sterling to the party injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

Itl. I -dill , IOO cu’iv

XXXVI.

*53

A. 0.

1800. Chap. 7.

OwtiLT of car-

i, Qt

obliged to loading until weighed at his expence.

No enrriege obliged to c.ir/j* i/mro than 6 cwt.

if o\v.i:is content, id. i-Oflt per cwt. fltiiU be paid.

71l. per trite if Ids thin foo weight.

If officer be neccllitated to link, he may take the carriages one day’s match more}

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no owner of such carriage be compelled or obliged to take any loading, until the same shall be first duly weighed at the expence of the owner or owners of such carriage, if he or they shall think fit, and the fame can be done in a reasonab'e time without let or hindrance of his Majesty's Service, and if any officer or other person requiring such carriage, shall force or compel the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a reasonable time as aforesaid, or shall, contrary to the will of the owner of such carriage, or his servant, put, or permit any person whatsoever to put any greater load upon any carriage, than is herein after directed, either at the time of loading, or on the march, every such officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings to the party injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no carriage impressed by authority of this act, shall be liable or obliged to carry above six hundred weight, and if the owner shall consent to carry above six hundred weight on any carriage, he shall be allowed and paid at the rate of one penny one-sixth part per mile for every hundred above the weight of six hundred pounds put on his carriage; and the owner or owners of such carriage or carriages shall not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage or carriages under the sum of seven pence per mile or reputed mile, at the least, in case he or they shall be required to carry a less weight on such carriage Of carriages than six hundred pounds weight for each carriage.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect of any constable, after notice given as aforesaid, to provide carriages as before mentioned, the officer comma'nding in chief shall be necessitated to halt, that then, and in such case only, it shall and may be lawful to and for' laid officer to take the carriages one day’s march more according to the route, paying one penny one-sixth part per mile for each hundred, weight of loading as before mentioned; and the owners of such carriages, upon complaint made by them or their servant

*59

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

vant or servants to any justice of the peace or chief magistrate next adjoining where such carriages were to have been provided, thall receive, over and above the one penny one-sixth part per mile per hundred weight of loading before specified, seven pence more per mile for each carriage, to be paid by the constable who made default in providing carriages; the said last sum to be levied immediately after demanc} and refusal, by warrant of any justice of the peace or chief magistrate of the place next adjoining; which said justice or chief magistrate is hereby required to grant the fame immediately on demand, without fee or reward.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted That notice shall be given to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, at lead twenty-four hours before the march of any troops or companies of soldiers out of the said city, of the number of the troops or companies appointed to march; whereupon the lord mayor for the time being shall summon a proportionable number of cars out of the licensed cars, brick cars, and other cars within the county of the said city, and so from time to time the said cars are by turns to be employed in carrying the baggage of such troops or companies, at the prices, and under the regulations herein before mentioned; and it is hereby di-redled, that no country cars or carriages coming to the market of the said city, nor any cars or carriages coming to any of the markets of this kingdom, shall be detained or employed in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever.

XL. And whereas several acts of parliament of the fixih of queen Anne, and the second and fifteenth of George the second, and of the eighth and nineteenth of George the third, are now in force for the providing of carriages for the baggage of soldiers on their march: be it enacted, that the several clauses contained in the said acts relative to the carriage of the army-baggage, do, from the passing of this act, ccafe and determine.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the number of carriages to be allowed each troop or company shall be, from time to time, regulated by order of government, in proportion to the establishment of such troop or com-R r 5 pany

7<1. per rove to be p‘«id by conllsble not piovi’ding can iwgvf.

Notice to lord mayor, 2J. limns before man'll of troops out of Dublin,

who is t» funnnoti li-Celiicd c«us, &c.

but r.o Country cars or carfiages

coming to

market.

Cljufcs of aclsof Ami., Geo. 2 an i Uv>- j. it-pealed.

Number of carriage* shall bricfpj-liiled by order of j»o* verunantj

(unw advanced by officers* rep lid by pay-nu;l<r-gr»c-fdl, &c.

penalty on

m-jrlccl, or oilier period b*ri(}cr»«/f execution of j<;jl:cc’i war-i.uit.

!Teiu!ty on quartering the wives, children, or fen-anls of any officer or foidier in any house, a^ainll cunfeut of

flhe Fortieth Toar of George III.

par.y; and the turns ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the payment of the carriage of baggage by the officer or officers respectively, shall -be to them repaid by the pay master-general, or lords commissioners of his majesty’s treasury of this kingdom for the time being, without fee or reward, on oath made by such officer or officers before one of his majesty’s justices of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or corporate town, of his or their payment of such sura or films for carriages as aforesaid; and an account of the fame being produced by the agent of the regiment, which account thall have been certified. by the quarter-master-general to be charged conformably to the orders of government, and the regulations prescribed -by this act.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any -high-constable, or petty-constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the peace as shall be directed unto them, 'for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons appointed by such -constable, or petty-constable, to provide or furnish any carriage and man, Hull refuse or neglect to provide' the fame, or any other person or persons shall wilfully do any ad or thing whereby the -execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such constable or other person or persons so offending, shall -for every such offence, 'forfeit any sum -not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty ftiil-lings, to - the nfe of the poor of the parish where any such offence and offences shall be committed; and all and every such offence or offences, shall and may be enquired of, heard, and -finally determined by two of his majesty’s-justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby -power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers in any houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any time during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servant? of9any

owners.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

an}' officer or soldier in any such houses, against the consent of the owners, the party offending, if an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the tom-mander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, he ipso fttflo cafljiered; and if a constable, tithing-man, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the parly aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reasonable charges in taking the same.

XLIV. And for the better preservation of the game, in or Penalty on of near such places where any officers or soldiers shall at any time kiilSg be quartered; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 8amc' it from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred, any officer or soldier shall, without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and feat, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy any hare, coney, pheafan*, partridge, or any other fort of fowls, or any poultry, or fish, or his Majesty's game within this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof, shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame, that is to say, every officer so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed amongst the poor of the place where such offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence' committed by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty 'shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid; and if upon conviction, made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable or overseers of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit, and he is hereby . declared to have forfeited his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Non-tom-

_ , L. missioned of-

said, I hat every uon-commissioned officer who shall be con- ficcn tmb«-vifted at a general or regimental court martial of having cm-bezzled or misapplied any money, with which he may have J® been entrusted for the payment of the men under his com-

i'6i

A.D. 1 Sc-o.

' Justicea "may commit ciclcrtcis.

Prison-keeper to ri tf ive full fulifillence of inch deserter.

Reward for taking up dc-fmrrs.

’%he Fortieth Year of George III.

mand, or for enlifiing. men into his Majesty's service, fha’II be reduced'to;serve in the ranks as a private soldier, and be put under floppages tmtii' the money be made good, and differ such corporal'punishment, not extending to life or limb, as the court martial fhaihjhink fit.

XLVI. And whereas Tevcral soldiers being duly enlisted, do afterwards' defect, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absent.-themselves illegally from his Majesty's service: it is hereby'further eriaded, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable of the town or place where any person who may, he reasonably suspected to be such a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or ca'nfe him to be apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such suspected person; and if by his oonfeilibn, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses Upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected person is a lifted Toldier, and ought to be with the trooper company to which he belongs, such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county, or place where "lie shall he found, or the house of correction, or publick prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to the provost-martiul, in case' such deserter shall be apprehended within the city or liberties of Dublin, or places adjacent, and transmit an account thereof to the chief secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against according to law; and the keeper' of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full fuhfistence of such deserter Or deserters during the time that he or they shall continue in his c'uflody, for the maintenance of the said deserter or deserters, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of such deserter or dc-ferters; any law, usage, or custoni to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserters as aforesaid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace shall also issue his warrant in writing to ;the collector or collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the

diJlrid

The Fortieth Year of George III. 163

district where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying A.D. _ out of tire revenue by him collected, into the hands of such *00, person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be paMbycol-directed and allowed upon his account. l«.Cl°r».

XLVIII. Provided always, That if any person fir all liar- lVmUyon hour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's fer- ccafiln* vice, knowing him to be such, the person so offending shall 'T"5’ I"rc'

0 r v 0 caving their

forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds or if arms, clothes, any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any necessaries, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any soldier or deserter, or any other person upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any of -his Majesty's justices of the peace; the said respective penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, to be levied by warrants under, the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said first mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended, and one moiety of the last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong; and in case any offender, who shall beconvidled as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingly received any necessaries, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, or having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereupon distress may be made to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, either commit ' S f 2 fuah

164 'T/.e 'Fortieth Ytarcf' George'III.

A; D. ftsch offender to the common gaol, there to remain without

iiico. or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be. publickly whipped, at the discretion of

- Pena tyon fucjj just]ce.

otiiccrbrcaK- t

tng open any aLIa. Provided always, that no commissioned officer feicVfoi <tc- shall break open any house to search for deserters without fincts iv'th- warrant from a justice of the peace: and-that every com-

out jmUcc 5> J r '

warrant. missioned officer who shall, without warrant from one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, which said warrants the said justice or justices are hereby empowered to grant, forcibly enter into, or' break open the dwelling-house or out-house of any person whatsoever, under pretence of searching for deserters, shall, upon due -proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Hts Majestjr L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tTmalicnrti- that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, ccsof war. ma|lCi an<| fflablish articles-of war, -for the better government of his Majesty's forces.

Andtocm-

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, gnwinnrto That for bringing offenders against such articles of war to

cotiilitme justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to

courts-rrsartial J * J '

to tryi-tfcnces empower the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to dcsof'war. erect and constitute courts-martial, with power to hear, try, and determine any crimes and offences by such articles of war,

and to inflict penalties by sentence or judgment of the fame,

WimcSes within this kingdom; and to summon before them witnesses,

coortTmar"" who, during their necessary attendance in such courts, and in he amtl'd"' to and returning from such courts, shall be- privileged

such witntifo from arrest, in like manner as witnesses attending any of his iX for Ton- Majesty's courts of law are privileged; and that'if any such attendance. witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from

such arrest by the court out of which the writ-or. process if-' sued, by which such witness was arrested 5 or if the court out of which the writ or process issued be not fitting, then by any judge of the court of king’s bench, upon its being made appear to such court or'judge, by affidavit in a summaryway, that such witness was arrested in going to, or returning from, or attending upon such court-martial; and that all witnesses so duly summoned, who shall not-attend on such courts, shall be-liable to be attached in the court of king’s bench, upon

complaint made to - the said court' of king's bench, in like

manner

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

manner as if such witness had neglected to attend on a trial in that court.

LII. Provided always, that no person or persons shall be adjudged to {offer any punishment extending to life or limb, by the said articles of war, within this kingdom, except for such crimes as are expressed to be so punishable by this a ft.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, that if any officer or soldier -shall, in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere beyond the seas, commit any of the offences triable by courts-martial by virtue of this act, and shall come or be brought into this realm before he be tried by a court-martial for such offence, such officer or soldier shall-be tried and punished for the fame, as if the said' offence had been committed within this realm.

LIV. Provided also, that no person or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the fame, otherwise than by cashiering.

LV. Provided also, that if any officer, non-commissioned officer or soldier, shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, or company, or party, is and are hereby required to ufehisand their utmost endeavours to deliver over such aceufed person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial; and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where such fast is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conyiftinn be affirmed at the next quarter-sessions of the peace for the said county, and, a

Vol. XX. T t certificate

None to be adjudged of life or Hmb but for crimes expressed to be so punisha* bit* by this Offenders beyond sea, &c. may hr tried in Ireland.

Persons acquitted, tic. by t!ie civil magistrate, may only cafhtcred by

a court-martial.

Persons accused of capital crimes. See. to be delivered over to the civil magistrate, &c.

penalty on officer not assisting in apprehending offenders.

count with executors of officers or; fikUcra 5

'1S6 The Fortieth'Year of George III.

A. 0. certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate,

rtion. wfj0 js j-creby obliged to certify the same to the next Chap. 7...

court-martial.

Payniaitcr, ' fjVI. Provided always, and ’be it enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future paymaster, agent, or clerk of any 'garrison, regiment, troop, or company,1 who is or shall be liable to account with any of the executors or administrators of any officer or soldier for any of the pay of such officer or soldier, by him'or them received, shall, on reasonable demand made by such executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administrator, of such sum or sum's of money' as he or they shall have so respectively received for such officer or soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such 'executor or administr.ilcr paying for the same, and shall account with such executor or administrator for the fame; and that every such piyinaller, agent, or clerk of any garrison,

regiment, troop or company offending herein, shall forfeit the like penalties, and to be recovered in like manner' as appointed by this act, for such colonels or agents

not giving due accounts of or for the pay of the said

'officers or soldiers, to and for such officers and soldi'ers themselves.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if ' any action, bill, plaint, or suit, shall be brought aguinfl any person or persons for any act, matter, may plead the or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act,

genual iihii. ancj may ke lawful to and for all and every person or persons sued as aforesaid, ' to plead thereunto

the general issue, that he or they are not guilty,' find

to give such special matter in evidence to the jury which shall" try the issue, which special matter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant, or defendants to the trfcfpafs 'or other matter laid to his or their charge; and if the verdict shall pass with the said defendant or defendants in any such action, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein "become non-snit, of suffer any . discontinuance thereof, that treble costs 'n e^erY such ca^c the justice or justices, or such‘ oilier jli'dge before whom the said matter shall be tried, shall,

8 by

penalty.

Persons fnctl for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

AH /ini*

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

by force, anti virtue of this act, allow unto the defendant or defendants, his or their treble costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wroncftil vexation in defence of the said action or suit, for which the said defendant or defendants shall have like tcracdy as in other cases where colls by the laws of this realm are civen to defendants.

O

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill, plaint, atlion, or suit against any person or persons for any act, matter, or thing to be cou,t^yf ailed or done in pursuance of this act, or against any JJubli:. member or minister of a court-martial in respcil of any fer.tence of such court, or of any thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought in fomo of the courts of record at Dublin, and in no other court whatsoever.

LIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Pc.-Imi any person or persons whatsoever who shall directly or indi-rcflly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuade or pro-cure any soldier or soldiers in the service of his Majesty, or of &c. his heirs or successors, to desert, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (Iiall fuller

such fine, imprisonment, or corporal punishment, as the court before whom such offence shall be tried, shall in their discretion think fit.

LX. And be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful Lord lion, for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of ptA this kingdom for the time being, to depute by warrant under his hand and seal, some proper person to sign routes for the marching of any of his Majesty's forces with the name of such lord lieutenant or chief governor.

LXI. And to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or Nnvolun. fraudulent arrests that may be made upon soldiers, whereby p^!'^,^ Itis Majesty and the publick may be deprived of their service, fy

J i /* i r . criminal mat-

it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that ter.

«o person whatsoever, who is or shall be tilled, or who shall

lift and enter liimfclf as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as

a soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's fer-

\’ice by any process of execution whatsoever, other than for

some criminal matter, tinless fora real debt, or other just cause orunfcfifun

of action, and unless before the taking out of such process Ul>1’

T t 3 or

‘'Oath to be

- wide before a judge," &c, that the debt

amounted to 20l. above

- coflsj

a judge may dilehargea fnldich arrdl- ed contrary to this act.

and award colls.

Plaint! ff may file a common appearance &c.

'‘The Fortieth ’Year of George "HI.

or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or morerjudge or judges-of the court of1 record, or other court out of which such '-process or execution shall issue, or before feme person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the 'defendant or defendants in the action or cause of ad ion on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to twenty pounds at-least, overand above all costs of suit in the fame action, or in any action On which the same shall be grounded, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process or writ, for which me-morandum no-fee shall be taken , and if any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary, to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more’judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any his superior officer, to examine into the fame by the-oath of the-parties or otherwise, and by warrant under his or their bands and seals to discharge such soldier so -arrested contrary to the intent of this act, without paying -any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, -that such soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a soldier in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act 5 and-also to award'to fhc patty so complaining such costs as such judge or judges shall think reasonable, for the recovery whereof he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out tire execution might have had for his cofis, -or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his costs in case judgment had been‘given "for him with -costs against the defendant in thefadd action.

LXII. And -to the end that honest creditors, who aim only at thereceveryof their just debts due to them from persons entcredinto, and enlisted in his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from filing for the fame, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their suits, and instead of an arrest, which may -at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more easy and cheap method, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful

The Fortieth Year of George III. 169

lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given A.D. in writing of the cause of action, to such person or persons Co ®oc.

entered, or left at his or their last place of residence before Inch lifting, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so ns to entitle such plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this act, or any

thing herein, or any former law or statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from the passing of this act, no soldier being arrested, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or confinement^ until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company to which he shall belong.

LXIV. e And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-constable, constable, beadle, or other ollieer or person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any officers or soldiers, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such troops; or shall receive, demand, contrail, or agree for any sum or sums of money, or any reward whatsoever for or on account of exculing, or in order to excuse any person or persons whatsoever, from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such oilicer or soldier; or in case any victualler, or any person liable by this act to have any officer or soldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive any such officer or soldier, or shall refuse to funiilh or allow sufficient and proper accommodation, according to the intention of this act, or utensils to cook and eat their victuals to non-cotnmif-lioaed officers and soldiers lb quartered on him or her as afore-I'aid, or shall negkfl or refuse to f"urnifli good and sufficient Ha-Wing for each horse io quartered on him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before one or more justice or justices of the1 peace of the county, VoL. XX. hJ u city,

Soldici ?, while conJt.i-cJ lot debt, not to weeue

py*

ConftahV, &c« billeting officers or soldiers contrary to this act;

or any person liable to have officers or soldiers billeted on them refufmjr to te-aivefueh,

: i^o 'The Fortieth Tear-of George III. A.D. 1800.

city, or liberty within which such ofience Stall be committed, either I '-o- by his own enrdession, or by the oath of one or more credible ffffr witness cr wiincllis, which oath the said jttllice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, every such high-constable, con-ftaUc, beadle, or other officer or persons so offending, shall forfeit for ilicpcoaltj-, -every such offence the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty Stillings, as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter Stall be heard, Stall in his or their discrelion think lit: to be levied by didrcl's- ami sale of the goods of the person so offending, by warrant under the hand and leal, or hands and seals of such justice or justices before whom fucIt offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any cctiftabic within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overfeci s of the poor of the pariSt where such offender shall dwell; which said sum of five pounds, Of the said sum not ami rppha. exceeding live pound?, rior- less than forty shillings, when levied,

: shall be applied in the fit ft place in making such satisfaction to any folaier (cr tha expence lie may have been put to by reason of ltis not being billeted or quartered as aforesaid, as such justice or jttf-tiecs Stall order and dire-ft, and the remainder Stall lie paid to the cvcrfceis of the poor of the pariSt wherein the offence Stall Ik committed, or to Come one of them for the use of the poor of the said pariSt.

LXV. And for the better preventing abuses.in quartering ot billeting the feddiers in pursuance of this act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Stall and may be lawful to and CmiflaUci, for any one or more justice or justices of the peace within their muiit'ima" respective comities, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under injit/ltcyof j,;s or (j1£jr hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any time cr

pence t>f the 4 t '

number of times during the continuance of this act, to require or command ibilttmb!'. any higlt-conuaule, constable, beadle, or other officer who shall louJI.y ..quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, to give an amiwiicic account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the fame, of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, a,ul also the names of the house-keepers cor persons upon whom cveiy such officer or soldier Stall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the-street or place where ever)’ such hnuferkeeper dwells, anil of the sign ('if any 1 . belonging to their hollies, to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be better enabled to

pteven!

The Fortieth Year of George III. 171

prevent or punish all abides in the quartering or billeting of A.D. them. ' 1800,

LXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the aatlieiity aforesaid, That from-and after the thirty-first: day, of Fcrlunscn-Mtircb, one thousand eight hundred, when raid as often as any person or persons shall he enlilled as a soldier or soldiers in "his !'[tc.r'^,are Majesty's l'and-service, he and they shall within four days, hut not before a juf. foener than twenty-four hours alter Inch eiilifting relptflively, be earned before the next justice of the peace of any county, city, or cn'Iitinj. mn-['! tee, or chief magistrate of any city, or town-corporate, not being jjgij iJso*' ;m officer in the army, and before such justice or chief magistrate, L'li=rS';J> i.e or they shall be at liberty to declare Ills or their dillent to such cnlidingj and upon fitch declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each person so diilenting paying the liitn of twenty shillings for the charges c.vpemlal or laid out upon him, iueh person or persons so enlisted, (ha! he forthwith discharged and let at liberty in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate; oih.nvlfc but if Inch person or persons shall refuse or neglect, within the luace of twenty-lour hours, to return or pay such money as afore-hid, he or they shall be deemed and tal.cn to be enlilled, as if he or they had given his or their alien: thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate, or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himi’elf or themselves; then lech justice or chief magistrate stir.ll, and be is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that fu.h person or persons it cr arc duly enlilled, felting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respective'y, if known, and that the nnH iSth i'eeond and sixth leclions of the an cles of war against mutiny and dciertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had niprwbt taken lite oath mentioned in the said ankles of war; and if any &c. such person or persons, 1b to be certified as duly enlilled,'shall rdiilo to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may he lawful for such ollicer from whom he has received Inch money as aforesaid, to detain or confine fucll person or persons,'until lie or they shall take the oath bdcrc required; and every military officer that shall aft iimtr.U'y penalty <m hereto, cr ostend herein, shall incur fucll penalty and forfeiture as ffiy is by this act to be inflicted upon any oliiecr for making a Ihlle ,-,rtu and untrue muller; and the penalty and lorlciturc shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalties and forfeitures are by this ufl to be levied and recovered.

U 11 2

I.XY1l. And

lyi The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i ffoo. That if any person or persons shall receive the enlisting money Chap. 7* fi^.n any officer, knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or Proceeding refuse to go before such justice or chief magistrate, in order to ioas"?h!rrc- ^ec'are *‘1!' nffent or dissent as aforesaid, such person or persons cciyctin.* cu- i)e deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purpo-aaiSelioati- fca whatsoever, and, Ural! and may be proceeded agailift, as if he icuml, &c. or tjK.y bad taken the oath directed by the said articles of war, to be taken before fuel: justice or chief magistrate. '

LXVIII. And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the recruiting fevvico should he regularly transmitted, be it enacted, ' Officers to That every officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, troop, faftofain or company of his Majesty's forces, serving in and belonging to recruited, the establlfhment of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed months^1 and required every two months to make up and transmit, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if resident in Inland, who in this case shall, and he is hereby directed and required to certify the same to the adjutant-general of his Majesty's ‘ forces, an ahflfacl of the numbers recruited during the two pre-

ceding months, and also to transmit a copy of the said abstract, together with a regular and exact account of the expences which have attended the said fen ice during the two preceding months to the agent of the corps for which such officer is recruiting respectively, and on failure herein the officer through whole neglect such abstract and account, or a copy thereof, shall not-have been

penalty on transmitted to the adjutant-general or to the agent of the corps

neglect. respectively, shall he liable to be tried for such neglect by a general court martial, and if convicted shall be callsiered, or lli.dl i’ufllr such other punishment as by such court-martial shall he awankd;

and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or couipny, in which such neglect shal- he committed, shall, and lie 1? hereby - directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, i: i ill Ireland, -who shall report the same to the commander in chief

or to the secretary of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his abfeence to the under fec-retary for the military department, in order that the officer lo neglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

PaymiRtr

LXIX. And be it enacted, that every paymaster of a regi-. accounts, in ment, troop, or company of his Majesty's regular forces Am" md fr,rv>ng 'n ar,d belonging to the establishment of this kingdom.

Aercin, shall.

1

Chap. 7.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

shall, and be is hereby directed and required to make out and transmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account every trvo months of the exact subsistence annually paid to the effective officers and men, and of the broken periods arising from deaths, desertions, or discharges of men in the course of the said two months; and on the thirty-first day of March, and thirtieth day of September in every year, the said paymaster shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make up, and within three months from each of the above periods, to transmit to the said agent the following accounts, that is to say, an account of all the expences which have attended the recruiting service of his Majesty's regular forces for the preceding six months, distinguishing the fuhliflence of recruits, levy money, and every other article of expence under their several heads, an account of the poundage paid to the effective men in the preceding six months, an account of hospital expences, travelling expences of officers and iiorfcs before they join the troop or regiment, and all other lesser contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty shall by any future regulations under his royal sign manual, dire ft to be allowed for tile preceding six months, under their several heads, the said respective accounts to be ioht«m'SH examined and certified by the commanding officer of each respective corps, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame, and on failure herein, the paymaster, through whose neglect the said respective accounts shall not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such neglect, by a general court-martial, and if convicted shall be cashiered, or shall fufler such other punishment as by such court-martial shall he awarded; and the command- c,ra,nnn.lmK ing officer of the regiment, troop, or company in which such |*£Y,pit neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed «' «,v:,ca-and required, to make a report thereof to his colonel, (if in Ireland) who shall report the fane to the commander in chief, or to the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in^iis absence, to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the I'iiicers offending maybe brought to a trial for the same.

LXX. And be it enacted, that from and after the thirly-first dav of March, one thousand cisffiit hundred, the agent "

Asst'i.li fa \v tip ill

of

every regiment.

troop, and company of his Majesty's rc-X x velar

i.lllilJ I. :;' Illicit!

i ji The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

gubr forces serving in, and belonging to the establishment of l3co. t’njs kingdom, shall, and they are hereby directed and re-qnired, to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, or company for the preceding year, ending the thirty-first day of March, the said accounts to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year; and in the said accounts the fevers impresss or monies received, including the monies reccivid for cast horses fold, and every other receipt which belongs, and ought to be brought to the credit of the public-in the accounts of the respective corps, and the feveta! disbursements or monies paid, shall be properly diflin-gnished, under their several heads of service, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pav of the commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of the several corps, then and there to bn charged, and the balance then {truck which is due from the public to the regiment, troop, or company: and to transmit the fame within the said limited time, together with the said proper vouchers, agreeable to the present {landing regulations, or any future regulations which his Majesty shall, under his royal sign manual, direct to the office of the fc-cvctary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, 3,.nt nc,rlta- for the time being; and on failure herein, or in any other of the-regulations prescribed to the said agents by this act, the agent or agents so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered by any person or persons who flia'll sue for the same-, and the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or cause to be examined and settled, the oilierac- aforesaid annual accounts: provided always, that the fame

madcap0 if ,n:l^ not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any natT-uy. agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, such account or accounts as the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, may have occasion for, or require; and any agent or agents refusing obedience to such requisition or requisitions, shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid.

LXXI. And in order to prevent all doubts that may arise in relation to punishing crimes and offences committed against a former act of parliament for punishing mutiny and desertion,

and

-is

A.D. 1 Sco. Chap. 7.

OTi-mvs r i-iiit runner

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and for too better payment of the army and their quarters, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences which have been committed against the said act, fluff and may, during the continuance of this present aid, be enquired of, heard', tried, and determined, adjudged, and pun-ished before, and by the like courts, persons, powers, au- c.>,ms,' thorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and

offences committed against this act may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished; and the pro- rfc-‘i;'>8s

1 1 of former

ceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the conns martial authority of such former act shall not be discontinued by the co:,u"':d-expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into execution in the like manner as if the proceedings had been commenced under the authority of this act.

LXXII. Provided always, that no person shall be liable to D--feriio»,

1 1 , - , but no other

be tried and punished for any offence against the said act c-bk in.iM*. which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial, except only for the offence of desertion.

LXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority afore- t| said, that the officers and persons employed, or that shall be f'ltyfttu iKs employed in the several trains of artillery, be at ail times subject to all penalties and punishments mentioned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever be holden to be within the intent and meaning of every part of this act during the continuance of the same.

LXXIV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested, that the officers of the marine forces shall be associated with the officers of the land forces for the purpose of holding courts-martial9be it enacted and declared, That when and as' often as it may be Office of necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the land Itu-f"rc=^o and marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts-martial, fy w commie-

r tion upon and to proceed in the trial of any officer or soldier of the enamour-land forces in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as ifu,‘ such courts-martial were composed of officers of the land forces only; and the officers of the land and marine forces are in such cases to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in either service.

X x 2 LXXV.

176

A.D. 1800.

ContiiH incc of thi;, act.

1iicain!)lo.

PoO.;uro fioin 2 ‘} March, iNco, to 25

March, 1801}

' fi.iglc ItUers to any dist-nn-zc not exceeding 15 Kiilcs, 2d.

mile* 3d* $0 miles 4<1

7be Fortieth Year of George III.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force within the realm of Ireland, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the first day of April, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succejin, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets viii/jin this Kingdom.

M'.’uh'y the lv.,:):Iy-fuTlb day of Marent one thousand eight hundredt Royal Ajfmt giver.

JOHN C.VYErv, 0. CLCR. PAAL.

FOR the better support of your Majesty's government and the convenience of trade, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-thoiity of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, orre thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, and - no longer, it shall and may he lawful to and for the post-master-general of this kingdom, for the time being, and his deputy and deputies, servants and agents, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and TuccciTors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets which he shall convoy, carry, or fend post, to and from places within this kingdom, according to the several rates and films of money herein after mentioned; that is to say, for the port and conveyance of every Angle letter or piece of piper from the office in this kingdom where such letter or piece of paper shall be put in, to any distance within the Tame not exceeding fifteen miles Irish mcafnre, the sum of two pence; and to any distance exceeding fifteen miles, and not exceeding thirty'miles, the sum of three pence; and to any distance exceeding thirty miles, and not exceeding fifty miles, the sum of four pence; and to any distance exceeding fifty miles, 0 and

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and not exceeding eighty miles, the sum of five pence; and to any distance exceeding eighty miles, the sum of six pence; and for the port or conveyance of every double letter, double the said sums respectively; and for every treble letter, treble Sjm1ts5J'

r J r . , r exceeding 80

the said sums respectively; and for every ounce weight, four miles fidi times the said sums respectively, and so in proportion for double leite,*

charged ilou-

any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter Westidfums;

of an ounce equal to a Angle letter; and that mil letters and "o,‘j"lursi<i'

packets directed from any place in this kingdom to any part|(

or parts in Great Britain, or beyond the seas, or received in sums, r«k-

this kingdom from Great Britain, or any part or parts beyond

the seas, shall be charged and pay for their portage and con-

vcvance within this kingdom, from or to Dublin, Waterford, letter;

or Donaghadec, or any other port where packet boats for the tcrTS'pay

conveyance of letters to and from this kingdom, are or may {his^rrgdom '

he established, as they shall respectively be flipped from or lo

landed in any of the said places, according to the rates aforesaid; and that every letter or packet passing through the ratesoflei-

general post office in the city of Dublin, from any place

within this kingdom not less distant than four miles from the

° from and to

general post office in the said city, to any place within the J’1’0"01 said kingdom not less distant than four miles from the gene- tiwn4n»l«. ral post office in the said city, shall be charged, and pay.according to the distances herein before mentioned, to Dublin, fi.;Pletters and be further charged and pay according to the fame rates from Dublin; and that for every letter or packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any fiiip or vessel riding or flopping in any port within this kingdom, there shall be charged and paid to ltis Majesty, his heirs and successors, overand above the rates aforesaid, the sum of onc-penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be f lawful to and for his majesty’s post-master general of this tain, orfu-kingdom, and his deputies, and he and they are hereby re- Stiun"n’' quired to demand and receive for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets for Ireland from Great Britain, or such.naic foreign parts, in addition to the rates of poflage hereby re- o. Bm served, such further rates of postage as now arc, or hereafter shall be charged for the conveyance of such letters and packets, by any ail or acts now made, or hereafter to be made by the parliament of Great Britain; and that his Ma- account,^. jesty’s pofl-master-general of this kingdom shall, and he is ,a;,;

Y y

hereby

i-8 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

hereby authorized and required to account for and pay the Clrp"0^ f"ame quarterly to the revenue of the post office of Great —- Britain-, and that there shall be paid to his Maj-act, his heirs and successors, for the delivery of every British or foreign printed newspaper, and for every printed vote or proceeding in parliament, arriving at the general palt-office in Dublin, Waterford, or Dor.aghadec, or any other port tvhcrc such packet-boats as aforesaid are, or shall be established. from Great Britain, without covers, or in covers open at the Tides, the sum of one penny, over and above the poflage which may be charged thereon, and accounted for to Great Britain; and in like manner there shall be paid to his M.i-ieflv, his heirs and successors, for the port and conveyance through this kingdom of every printed newspaper, diredkd

f.C (YoUtltN

from uny part of Ireland to any part or Great Britain with* ulpj-'ni!'’ HUt covers, or in covers open at the fides, the film of one penny, and no more, which sum of one penny shall be paid JioiUiifcc U ' 011 the delivery of every such newspaper at the post odice from whence it shall be dispatched in this kingdom.

‘ .

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful

I u ny (Kilt J

l.tu s, mil to end for the postmaster-general for the time being, and liuuiVmr'^ his deputies, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, "ah.'ii’iimits onc thotifand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day «fejic'ihr of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclu-

DuUiii.m five, and no longer, to demand, have, receive, and take !.’/i‘ljFUUns for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets conveyed by the penny post, according to the several rates herein after mentioned; that is to fav, that for the port and conveyance of any letter or packet, not being more than four ounces in weight, from and to any place within the limits of the circular road about the city of Dublin, there shall be paid at the time of putting such letter or packet into the penny post office, the sum of one penny-, and for the port and conveyance of every letter or packet k-\nr,uf..;j not exceeding the like weight, from or to any place bc-whl'mciroit yond the saul limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from or to <.i i*.my iM'.i any place within the circuit of the penny post office, there

in,at j'l.i- ‘

a,i^- in it. shall be paid at the time of putting in such letter or packet, ihUU.iv.i) t|le piim Qp on(; an(j a further sum of one penny

«fany x«d;lit o.i the delivery thereof; and that for every letter or pallet s'bj"ut of any weight which shall be sent to, or delivered from

9the

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the generrit j enny post-oflice by the penny post, from or w any piece not being within the said limits as before ascertained, there shall be paid the sum of one penny over and above and exclusive of the several rates chargeable thereon.

IV. And be it enacted, That every bill of exchange, la’rcliants-account, invoice, or bill of lading, writ, process, or proceeding at law, written upon the fame {licet, or piece of paper with a letter, and every letter to or from several or distinct persons, written upon the fame (licet nr piece of paper, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for as fj many several or distinct letters, according to the several rites established by this act, or hereafter to be established he any act to be pa fled in tin's kingdom relative to the por-

of letters within the same.

V. And whereas patterns of cloth, silk, fluff, and small Lmples of other forts of goods, arc frequently enclosed in a tiaftc letter or piece of paper, and sent by the post; be it ca i fieri, That for every Angle letter or cover endorsed on the ov.tiide " patterns," containing one or more paper or papers with patterns, or containing one or more pattern or patterns of doth, silk, or fluff, or one or more sample or samples of any other fort of goods, and containing no other writing, matter, or thing, save only what appertains to fuel) patterns or samples, if the fame together do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable for a double letter by this act, or !>y any act to be pa fled in this kingdom relative to the por-tr.?c of letters within the same, shall be paid, and no more.

Vf. And be it enacted, That the post-master-general for the time being shall cause an account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of this act.

VII. And be it enacted, That the net revenue and monies arising by the rates and duties hereby granted to his M.iicfly, his heirs and successors, after paying all charges, out-goings, disbursements, expences, and all Hilaries nereff.iry for the receipt and management of the fame, ami all expences attending the said office, and the due execution of Ais aft, shall be paid into his Majesty's exchequer in this

Y y 2 kingdom,

1*3

A.D. 1800.

i S'Co.

Chap. 8.

Mills of excha.-;.

It,

«; ili.-.t

"ill' a laur,

flitJ ewiy 1 'tier froui ‘iili.ia |vr.

I >;i5 on one Itit-vi, shall pay a» dirtmft Liter*.

I-ctt-rs re-latinrj it* a k!

tOMUJoill.r p-iuerus vt cloth, £.. ant! emioife.! " pttUt.ni-.," tfuot above l OVlUCtf* to

{ttv -/> :> J«-uic KlU-f.

Account kept ol tm>. tuy

The net tevcmt? mi-

to l*o j.v.iil j i!o the I--), furs allt.t.

tij.j,

180

A.D. 1800.

i i-'oc. Chap. 8.

Foft-tnafter gc:;. or other ^crion, on

embezzle- mrut, difa-' hied, and tiabiV to treble the sum <-‘m-Ix/./.lid, &c.

Neither the per pound nor any other fee shall be raid, &c.

Letters not exceedingtwo ounces, lent

at times herein directed, signed and dated as litre -in, by any mimUr of either house exempted from poibtgc.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

kingdom, in such manner, and at such time and times as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct and appoint.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in case the post-master-general, or any person concerned in the execution of this act, shall neglect or refuse to perform any matter or thing whatsoever, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; or if they or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert, or misapply any of the monies by them, or any of them, collected or received by virtue of this act contrary to the true meaning thereof, then, and in every such case, every person so offending shall forfeit ill's office, and be incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or place of trust or profit, and shall be liable for every such offence to pay treble the sum so embezzled, diverted or misapplied.

IX. And be it enacted, That neither the sixpence per pound, nor any other fee, shall be payable to, or be dc-dufted or received by any officer or officers of this kingdom, to his or their use, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it enacted, That no letters or packets Cent by the poll to or from any place or places whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage according to the rates established by this act, other than and except such letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under such restrictions as are herein after declared and enacted concerning the same; that is to say, all letters and packets not exceeding the weight of two ounces, and not coming from any foreign place or parts beyond the fcas, and sent from and to any place or places within this kingdom during the fitting of any sessions of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, which shall be signed on the out-fide thereof by any member of either of the two houses of parliament in this kingdom, and whereof the whole super-

feription

The Fortieth Year of George III. 181

j'.rb'.ion shall be of the hand-writing of such member, and

A.D. 1800.

have endorsed thereon, in the fame hand-writing, and on the same side with such superscription and signature, the month and the day of the month and year 'when the fame (h! he put into any port-office of this kingdom, to be for-Kan.Vd by the port, the day and month to be in words at !rn;th; and shall also have endorsed t'.iercon, in the fame hand-writing, the name of the port-town from which the fame i; intended to be sent.

XI. Provided always, That no such letter or packet I'Cttcmwt

" 1 (o be charge,

:;h!1 pass free of the duty of portage, nn'.efs the member when sent t» directing; the same shall have attunily been in the port ha^in^" own, or within the distrirt or delivery of such poll-town, i\ Vre such letters or packets shall be put in to be for-turded by port on the day of the date superferibed on fr.ch letter or packet; and also except all letters and packets not exceeding the like weight which shall, during the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any funimons or prorogation of the fame, be directed from any place in this kingdom to any member of cither hnufc of parliament of this kingdom, at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at the lionfc of parliament of which he is a member.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the No member authority aforesaid, That no member of either of the said hmises Hull two houses of parliament shall be entitled or allowed to

fend by the port, free from the duty of portage, super- rcClive more than 15 Icl-

ieni.ed or direacd by him, more than ten letters in any nr,fire, io cue day, nor shall be entitled or allowed to receive by t, Rlla)‘

;hc port, flee from the duty of portage, more than fifteen letters directed to him in any one day.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further emitted, That when- wlie,nM1'c

than the

ever the number of letters or packets, not weighing more number M-

hnvc.l shall he

tun two ounces each, font or received by any member untcrrccoT-of either of the two houses of parliament, in any one ^ such a

day, shall exceed the number exempted by this att from j«cchyr|>ca.

the duty of portage, and the rates of portage on the said holier rate . letters or packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ, nfXh^m. then such of the said letters or packets as would be eluded in the

tii »_number exchangeable with a lnguer rate of poltage than the remain* <mpted, and

l&S

A.D. 1800. Chap. 8.'

All letters to amlfiom 0. governor, I*, chancellor, speaker, ami others herein u-nned, shall be exempted,- il 0:1 official htifi nef?, ortluir ovm affairs;

letter f-,:

;Vrt

he

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

der, shall be included in the number so exempted, in preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower rate of postage, and the remainder of such letters or packets shall be chargeable with the several rates of poftaee, respectively, to which such letters or packets would i>: chargeable if sent or received by any persons not ci-titled to fend or receive letters or packets free fro:i: ti,e duty of postage.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained ifi-id extend to charge with the duty of portage any letters or packets from and to any place within this kingdom, di-refied to his Majesty's lieutenant-general, or other chid governor or governors of this kingdom, the lord high chr-ccllor, the speaker of the house of commons, tire let high treasurer, the commissioners of the treasury mid t!ic:r secretary, his Majesty's adjutant-general for the time beii:;' in this kingdom, his Majesty's principal fccrc tary of Hits for> this kingdom, the chief secretary ef such lieutenant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of Ulflor and-Munster, the under-secretary, assistant under-secretary for the law department of the chief secretary’s office, awl first clerk of the civil department in the said chief fecre-tary’s office, the under-secretary and find clerk far the mifitary department of the office of such chief secretary, the quarter-master-general, the chief commissioner of tin-barrack board, or to his Majesty's post-master-general of this kingdom, the secretary of the said general post-oflice, treasurer or receiver general, the comptroller of the sorting-office in the said general-post-oflice, and the Purveyors of the said post-oflice, the clerk of the parliament, and the clerk of the house of commons, all for the time being, or any letters or packets sent by any of the said officers for the time being, from and to any place within this kingdom, which shall relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own private concerns only, and iii iii be iigiicd, superferibed, and dated on the outside of > —.:b tellers as aforesaid; and in case any such officer fltaH receive under cover to him, with intent to evade the payment of any of the rates granted by this act, any IcjiU-is or packets intended for, or directed to other persons,

The Fcrt)?ih Year of George III. 1 $3

foil?, eve-!/;' inch officer is hi-rcby authorized and required A. l\ to fend the same to the general post-oflice in Dublin,

in order that such letters and pickets may he charged with the duty of poll a re payable thereon, it being the true intent ar.u meaning of iliisafl that the privilege of fending and re- i\Y ceielr. ’ letters and packets by such oilieers, th ill extend

to such letters and packets only as relate to the bunuefs t;n>. jwit-

o: liicir re[pe.:tive offices, or their own immediate ami pri- cj, "uniiu va'.e mneerns. or to charge wbh the'duty of poflage any letters or packers lent from the general poir-office in Dill in, cad \vhich shall appear by an endorscinent made thereupon he fune person or persons, not exceeding two in number,

audio:ized under the hand and foal of the port- in liter- __

r.'Mcnl of this kingdom for the time h:i:i;, to be on his

Jl-iieily's service, and shall be sealed with (he foal of the takl general post-oflice, which person or persons are hereby iuidly forbid so to endorle and sea! any letter or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they llmll receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which they shall themselves know to concern the bu-iiness of the poll-office; and if any person or persons Pr»vUy» authorized as aforesaid, under the hand and seal of the said pofi-innfter-aenenl, shall knowingly make and subscribe h,tcr;&c-

c * lh3t docs not

such endorsement, or procure the same to be made on concrrnthe any letter or packet which does not really concern the tse"E'n.°po&. business of the fair] general-post office, he shall for the first oEtc-offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and for the second offence shall be dismissed from his office.

XV. And be it enacted, that all covers containing muster- MulUr-af. affidavits from the otit-pensioners of the royal hospital, and lU'.p.nnun-sent from any place within (his kingdom, directed to the re- '""{1^ gifter of the said hospital, shall be delivered to the said re- <" gificr free of the duty of poflnge; provided that every such giikrofroy. cover shall be unfcaled, and shall contain no other cnclosure five ami except the said muster-affidavits, and that all print- pK^aleil, nnj

1 t have no other

id receipts for the pay of such out-penhoners made up as a wiofmc; letter, or cover of a letter, and directed with the words ontpenGon-Te Oitl-PcnJiontT of the Royal Hoff it a/, jj^.

being printed thereon, and sealed with the seal of the pay- upaiiicrcin, mailer of the royal hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of postage to such out-pensioners within this kingdom to Z z 2 whom

184

A.D. 1 See. Chap. 8.

containing any other

enclosure,

charged treble portage.

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

whom they shall be respectively directed; provided fuel) printed receipts shall not contain any enclosure.; and if any such receipt, cover, or muster-affidavit, shall be found to contain any enclofore whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in that case, every such receipt made up as a cover or letter, and every such cover or muster-affidavit shall be charged and liable to treble the duty of postage, according to the rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, that it shall and may be latvful

n-speflive

offices in Great Britain have heretofore sent or received letters and packets free from the duty of postage, by virtue of,

Persona in

Britain, n-tio to and for certain persons who by virtue of their

heretofore sent or received kuers fice, may

dofo,iV.lijed or tinder any alt oralis of the British parliament, to fend

to such rc-Ilriclions a; such persons

are fuljjc&l to in tint kingdom.

and receive by the post, letters and packets from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from any part of Ireland to Great Britain, free from the duty- of postage, subject never-tlicless to such limitations and restrictions as persons in this kingdom, who, by virtue of their employments or offices, are permitted to send and receive letters and packets free of postage, are subject and liable to by this act.

XVII. And whereas frauds may be practised in fending covers, letters, and packets by post, directed to members of parliament, and other persons privileged by this act to receive letters and packets free of the duty of postage, containing letters and packets intended for others, and not intended for such members or other persons to whom such covers, letters and packets are so directed, whereby the persons Lcttm di- *"or w^10m such letters and packets are really intended may receive such covers, letters, and packets, free from the duty of postage, to tlte injury of the revenue; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the post-master-general, and all persons acting under this act, to charge the whole of such covers, letters, and afuaiVoftage. packets, with treble the duty of postage, according to the rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ujionccr-

XVIII. Provided always, that if it shall appear by the such mem- certificate of such member, that such cover, letter, or pack-ber’toticre" et> cl’arSecl> was actually intended for such member, or turned, so

reded to members of parliament containing Utters intended for others, shall be charged treble-the

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

for some of his family, and not covering a correspondence to any person not resident in his house, that then, and in every such case, the postage so charged and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of postage any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers being sent by the post without covers, or in covers open at the fides, which shall be signed on the out-fide thereof by any member of parliament in this kingdom, or which shall be directed to any such member, at any place within this kingdom, whereof he shall have given notice in writing to the post-master-general of Ireland, or which shall be sent by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's post-master-general, who shall be thereunto licensed by the said post-master-general, respectively, provided such newspapers shall be so folded as that the stamp thereon shall be visible, hut that all such votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, so sent and signed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of postage.

XX. Provided nevertheless, that no such printed newspaper shall pass free of postage from the general-post office, pursuant to any such notice, or from any other post office in this kingdom, unless such newspaper shall be put into such post-oflices of the cities or towns in which such newspapers Hull be printed respectively, two hours at the least before the time of the post being dispatched therefrom.

XXI. And whereas it is expedient, that the non-commissioned officers, seamen, and privates employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery and marines, should, whilst on service, be permitted to send and receive Single letters by the post on their own private concerns, at a low rate of postage; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the passing of this act, no Angle letter sent by the post from any non-commissioned officer, fcaman, or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fcncible regiments, artillery, or marines, shall, whilst such non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private respectively, shall be employed on his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable by virtue of any act of

Vol. XX. 3 A parliament

Votei, proceedings m parliament} or newspapers sent as herein, shall be free of pottage.

Such newspapers shall be put into the office two hours before the time of dispateh-ing the poll.

Single letters from uon-commissioned officerj and privates!, to pay only id. cud). '

'.The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

'parliament now in force, with an higber rate of postage than the sum of one penny for the conveyance of every such letter, Cuch rate of postage of one penny for every such letter to be paid at the time of putting the fame -into the post office of the town or place from whence such letter is intended to be -sent' by the poll.

Letters

XXII. Provided nevertheless,' that no letter or letters sent

irom non-

commiKioned by the..poll from any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or SET private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible pafsunLfstiie re,jments artillery or marines, shall be exempted from the

commanding ° J 1

officer wiius ' payment of the rate of postage chargeable upon letters accord-

lit* Dime, and /tilt

the name of ing to the Jaws now in force, unless there shall be written . upon every such latter, in the hand-writing of, and signed

«th letter, by the commanding officer for the time being, of the ship or

vessel, or of the corps, regiment or detachment to which each non-commissioned officer, Teaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's service shall respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment, or detachment commanded by him. single flit-

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

mniommif. faitl, that from and after the passing of this act, no single MHdprivane" ^tter sent' by the post from any non-commissioned officer,

from c. fti- seaman

turn to Ire-Jam!, on {laying id. in G.

Ijiitam, Ihiiil not be charged, provided the commanding officer of the .'corps, ship,

Sic. writes

or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery or marines, from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, shall, whilst such non-commissioned officer, seaman or private, respectively, shall be employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable with any rate of postage whatsoever, in case a duty of postage of one penny shall have been paid his mime, and thereon in Great Britain; provided that no letter or letters tile "0'° sent by the post from any such non-commissioned officer, fc,t-thereon'0' man or private, shall be exempted from the rate of postage chargeable upon letters, according to the laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter, in the hand-writing of, and signed by the commanding officer for the time being, of the ship or vessel, or of the corps, regi-"inent or detachment to which such.non-commissioned officer, seaman or private, employed in his Majesty's service, hit respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment or detachment commanded by him.

XXIV,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXIV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no single letter sent by the poll directed to any non-commissioned officer, seaman or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery or marines, upon his own private concerns only, whilst such respective non-commissioned officer, seaman or private shall be employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable by virtue cf any act of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of postage than the sum of one penny for each such letter, which sum of one penny shall be paid at the time of the delivery thereof.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That no such letter shall be exempted from the rate of postage chargeable upon letters, according to the laws now in force, unless every such letter shall be directed to such non-commissioned officer, seaman or private, employed in his Majesty's service, specifying the ffiip, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company or detachment to which he may belong: and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the post-master of the town or place to which such letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such letter to any person except to the non-commissioned officer, seaman or private, to whom such letter shall be directed, or to any person employed to receive the same by the commanding officer of the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company or detachment to which the non-commissioned officer, seaman or private to whom such letter shall be dire died, shall belong.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's post-master-general of this kingdom, or any of the officers employed under him, to examine and search any packets -sent within a cover, or in a cover open at the fides, in order to discover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatsoever be enclosed or concealed, in or with such printed votes, proceedings or printed newspapers; and in order to discover whether such printed newspaper shall have been duly stamped, and in case any letter or paper, or thing whatsoever shall be found to be enclosed, written or concealed, in, on or with such printed votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers as aforesaid, or in case there shall he any writing other than the superscription of such printed

3 A 2 votes.

Single let* ters to privates, &c. to pay only id. each, provided they are directed to them at their respective ships, corps, &c.

Deputy post*ma(lers to deliver fuclt letters to persons for whom directed, or persons appointed by commanding officers to receive them.

Officers empowered to open packets within covers, or with covers open at the tides.

and if any thing be found besides such votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers, to charge treble postage;

i.8-8

A.D. 1800. Chap. 8.

undamped newspapers to be sent to ' damp office iu Dublin.

Forging or counterfeit* jngtlie leal or writing of any person, in the superscription of letter, altering the date, or fend-inganyltfUcr by pod, the superscription whereof shall be so forged, & c.

1,1 oifence '50l. 2d tool. 3d <h etned guihy of felony, and shall he transported, and Inch letter ftuill be charged treble pottage,

iinlcTs certified

by the mem-her.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

votes, proceedings in parliament or newspapers, or any of -them, or on or in the cover thereof, the whole of such packet shall be charged with treble the duty of postage by this act imposed; and in case any such -newspaper shall ap-rpear not to have been duly -stamped, -every such officer ii hereby required to flop the fame, and fend it to the commis-,/ioners of the-stamp duties at their office in the city of Dublin.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever within this kingdom, shall forge or counterfeit the deal or hand-writing, or make use of the nameofany person whomsoever, in the superscription of any letter or packet to be Tent by the poll, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, or shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, thedate, place, or any other part of the superscription of any such letter or packet, or shall write, or cause to be written, or sent by the port, any letter or packet, the superscription or any part whereof shall be forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or if any person or persons within this kingdom shall forge or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any certificate of any member of either house of thcparliament of this kingdom, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of fending letters free of the duty of postage, in order to have the postage charged upon any cover, letter or packet refunded; every person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall for the first offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and for the second offence the sum of one hundred pounds, and for the third offence shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be transported for sevenyears; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's pofi-master-general of this kingdom, and his deputies, and all persons acting under this act, to charge any letter or packet, the superscription whereof, or any part Whereof shall appear to be forged or counterfeited, or altered, with treble the duty of postage, payable by virtue of this act; which duty shall be levied and paid, unless the member of either house of parliament, or other privileged person whose superscription it imparts to be, shall certify by writing under his hand, to the post-master-general,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 189

or Ws deputies, that such superscriptioa and every part

A.D. 1800.

thereof, is of his hand-writing. 1800.

XXV1H. And be it enacted, That if any colle'flor or

receiver, ferryman, or other person whatsoever appointed or Potwn

r , ‘ r nfcodamni)

er.trusted, or employed to take or receive the tolls or rates any lull fur

at any turnpike gate, or bar erefled upon any highways, biiiisjcs, or poll roads, or at any ferry, or any person who Ins or thill have the care of any gate of any walled town, matt, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall demand and any toll or rate for the coachman, post-boy, express-bny, or rider, guard, servant, or other person, horses or carriages conveying or employed to carry any mail, or bag of letters in this kingdom, passing through, over or across the fame, or shall not permit and suffer the horses and carriages, together with the coachman, post-boy, express-bov, or drier, guards, servants, and other persons so employed to p:.fs through such toll-gates, bars, or gates, and across such ferries without delay; or if any ferryman shall not within 0-ftm-mi. the spacr of fifteen minutes after demand made, in all pof- in^mmuat fible cases, convey the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, and other persons, together with the »wof«ilic iiorus and carriages employed as aforesaid, across such ferry to the ufud landing place; or if any person having care of any gate of a walled town, or the custody of the town, who keys of such gate, shall not within a quarter of an hour after fiafhfhim demand made aloud at such cate, open the fame and admit

r mat m perm*

the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, ttwmiojufi, or other persons, together with tire horses and horse-enrriages employed as aforesaid, such offender or offenders being convicted thereof, by the oath of such coachman, post-boy, cx-tm-fs-boy or rider, or other credible witness or witnesses,

In fore any justice of the peace within the district wherein such offence shall be committed, which oath every justice is htn-by authorized and required to administor, shall for every fad) offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid f»rfnt j«.

' orconuLi;t(«

to the inforiner; and it the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such conviction, it shall and may he lawful for every fuel) justice, and he is hereby required to commit the offender to the hoiifc of correction, there to remain until the iliid penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time not exceeding the space of twenty-one days, nor less than four-Vol, XX. 3 B teen

ing mails, and cause amount to be paid to tiea-furers of turnpike* roads quar-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

teen days from the time of commitment, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Poit-maltcr pofl-master-general shall cause an account to be kept of all

causean ac- tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages carrying or travel-kept oftolU ling with his Majesty's mails at the several and respective wheel'd°ar+ turnP'ke gates through which the fame flialhpafs, and shall ring«carry- from time to time cause the amount thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads, to whom the same are respectively payable, by four quarterly payments, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every '"aiichutes, clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, disabilities, pe-&c. in the . nalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of the fame

acts 23 and ._'

24G.3.&28 matters and things contained in an act made in the twenty-^3.&36cc an(j twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the fit id general-post office, and the said office called the penny-post office, entitled, An act for efablifiing a pof-office -within this kingdom; and also contained in an act made in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An eel for ejiablishing a post office within this kingdom; and also contained in an act made in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to further explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his pre-font Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for establishing a pofl-ojjiee within this kingdom, and to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An.aft.lo explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-tha'id , and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for establishing a pof-office within this kingdom-, and also contained in an act made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's rrign, entitled, An act for the further amendment of the acts relating to the pof-office, and for further G. 3. Semi facilitating prosecutions under/the said acts, and not herein, or tciakiitotliis. by any other act passed in this kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and extended, and shall he conflrtied to apply and extend to this prefect ad, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as-if the fame

had

The Fortieth Year of George III. 191

bad been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present

A.D. 1800.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered, Thuaa varied or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this £jdiis Mm. present session of parliament.

CHAP. IX.

An ncl for the belter collet}ion of all duties on hides and Jl-ins tanned and dressed hi oil, and on vellum and parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing frauds on his Ma-jijl/s revenue therein.

MirJaj the T'.uentj-Jettrib they of March, cut thousand eight hundred, Royal Ajfent given,

JOil.V GAYER, D. ClEt. ?ARU

[Preamble.]

FOR the better securing, collecting, and levying all

duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon hides and skins tanned, and upon hides and llvins dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment made in Ireland, and for avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the several kinds of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and lkins to be charged with duty, be it enacted by the King’s rnofl excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and ronfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fime, That by tanned hides and skins, and tanned pieces iviiat:«

meant by

d hides and skins, are meant inch as are tanned in ooze t.mnvd h-dcj, voile of the hark of trees, or fumack, or any other mate- &c' tid, or whereof the principal ingredient shall he such bark at fumack: and that by hides and skins dressed in oil, or w|l!lt.is raM«

by bid« ami

pcccs of hides and skins dressed in oil, arc meant such as skins dntiid V-: made into leather in oil, or with any liquor or material moll‘ v.hereof the chiefest ingredient shall be oil.

" a Jimcri,

11. And be it enacted, That no tanner, haul tanner, curriers, wtticr, Sp&nish leather dresser, or other drefier of hides or fersl'aiidrc£~ bins, or pieces of hides or skins to be tanned or drafted in ['"'d'mrat

1 # < imseis, to

"’K, mill-liquor, oil, or other material, or any maker of id'-c notice 'dlcm or parchment shall make use of any tan-house, tan- eXSorels" Jwd, work-house, mill, store, or other place for the tanning

3 B 2 or *oi. d»r-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or dressing, drying or keeping of hides nr skins, or pieces of hides or Heins, or for making any vellum or parchment, or of any pit or vat for tanning or dressing hides or skins, or pieces of hides or lkins, or for making any vellum or parchment, unless lie or file shall have, given-notice in writing to the collector of the disttid in which he or she shall rdu!r, fpt'cifying his or her name and surname, and place of mode, and every tan-yard, tan-house, or-other yard and work-house,- mill, {lore, and other place by him or her to he uftd for the tanning, dressing, and drying or keeping of any hide; or "skins, or for making any vellum or parchment, and of the number and situatirni of the pits, and vats t’ erein rclpcc-tively, for tanning- or dressing such hides or Heins, or pieces thereof, or ' for making vellum or parchment; every such: notice' from any tanner, specifying also the number of piu - called lime-pits, and the number of the pits called maflerins in his, her, or their tan-yard; and if any person shall tun in any ooze, or rirefs in oil, or cause to be tanned or (helled as aforesaid, any hi.:c or hides, {kin or skins, or fh.iil make any vellum or parchment, or shall make use of any tan-house, tan-yard, or other -yard, -work-house, mill, t-r other place, or any pit, or vat, or-any. (lore for the tanning or

dressing, drying, or keeping of hides or lkins, or for making vellum or parchment, before he or {lie shall have givrn such notice, such persons shall forfeit twenty pounds for every day such tan-house, tan-yaul, work-house, -mill, or other place, or any such. pit or vat shall be used for any of the respective purposes aforesaid, and all hides and lkins, and pieces of hides and Heins, tanned in any manner or drefivd

in oil, or being in' the process of such tanning or dreliicg.

and a! vellum and parchment, and skins making into vil-

lum or parchment, which shall be found in any tan-yard,

tan-house,.mill, work-house, or other yard, or place, for which a license in force shall not have been granted, or o! which such notice, to the collector of the difliid as aforesaid, shall not have been given, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

R-ci-tionthe*0 And be it enacted, That every tanner shall, bct-rc

number of he or she . shall begin to tan-any hide or hides, or tkin or

cubic fret m 3 J

pits,-in their skins, or any piece or pieces thereof, give a notice, or niasea

returns to

oyJlcctors.

The Fortieth Year -r/ George IIF.

return in Writing-to the collector of the district-in which lie or (lie shall reside, of the number of cubic feet in each and every of the pits called vats, handlers, and latches, and in every other pit in every'tan-yard kept by him or her in which bark is used, or intended to be used; and if any tanner shall omit to give such notice, or to make such return, or shall make any false return of the number of pits or vats, or of the cubic feet in any pit whereof a return of the number of such feet is-hereby required to be.made; or if any bark shall be found in any pit or vat belonging to any tanner, which (bali not ill such return be described as a pit or vat for using bark, or other ooze'for tanning, every such tanner, for every default or offence, shall forfeit one hundred pounds.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may-be lawful for any officer of excise, at any time in the day-time, to enter any tan-yard, tan-house, v/ork-house, mill, or other yard or place tiled by any tanner or currier, or any dresser of hides or skins in oil, or by any maker of vellum or parchment, or any place where any such shall be, and to search for, view, and take an account of all pits, vats, and places therein used for the tanning of hides and skins, and of the (lirnenfions thereof, and to search for, view, and take an account of all pits, vats, and places used for dressing hides and skins in oil, or for making vellum or parchment, and the uses to which such pits, vats, and other places arc applied; and ifnny tanner, drcffcr of leather in oil, or-maker of vek-!um cr parchment, or his or her servant, shall not on'demand made by any officer of excise at the tan-house, tan-yard, or other place of such tanner, drtffer, or maker, admit such officer therein, or shall not permit such officer to view or take such account of, or measure all, or any of such pits, vats, and other places as aforesaid; or if any tanner shall not, on demand of any officer of excise, clear all hides and skins out of any pit or vat which such officer may require to be so cleared, in order to enable him to measure the fame, every such tanner, dresser, and maker, shall, for every such neglect or refusal by him or her, or his or her servant, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

tanner omit-ling such return, orufi ig batk in a p't not mentioned for such purpose in return, shall forfeit tool.

Officers may enter and take account;

20I p;nalt\ for preventing officers from doing their duty, or for not clearing out pits.

Yol. XX.

5. And

194. - The Fortieth Year of ' George III.

A.D. 'V. And be it enacted, That every tanner of hides and 1800. - fljinff with bark, shall, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, -until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and within

mall bccharg-

c3 on tanners every following year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, T'-df- . ke chargCtj with, and pay duty for a quantity of tanned hides and flans, according to the number of cubic feet contained in all the pits, except lime-pits, masterins, and water-pools for simple water, in his, her, or their tan-yard

or tan-yards, and in all other places called vats, handlers, and latches, or other pits or vessels used with or containing bark; that is to say, every such tanner shall be charged with and pay a duty at the rate of nine pence by the year, in respect of each and every cubic foot contained in all the pits in his, her, or their tan-yard or tan-yards, or

other places called vats, handlers, and latches, or other pits

or places in which bark is used, allowing two-ninths of the whole number of such cubic feet as and for the contents of the pits in such tan-yard called latches, as and for the duty of such quantity of hides and skins as may be tanned in such pits within a year; and the officers of excise shall make monthly returns to the collectors of the districts, respectively, in which such tan-yards shall be situated, of the duty at the rate’aforesaid, making the allowance aforesaid, that is to say, such officer shall monthly, on every twenty-fifth day of the months of April and May, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-fifth days of July and August, twenty-ninth’day of September, and twenty-fifth day of the months of October, November, December, January,'February, and March, make a return of a twelfth part of the sum which such tanner is by this act chargeable with, in respect to the number of cubic feet in his or her aforesaid pits, within the year, allowing as aforesaid.; and such return shall be a charge on every tanner against whom the same shall have been made and returned, in lieu of the duty charged on hides and skins by weight and tale; and every such tanner shall pay the sum so charged and returned, within one month after

each of the said respective days, and in default of paying iy iuaiLntii, the fame, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and double iUmMcOL the amount of the sum so returned, and shall not, after and ,£ such

monthly returns by officers in manner, and at 'times herein mentioned.

officers returns Audi be charges on tanners, who

The Barileth Year of George III.

such default, fend, deliver, or cany out, or suffer to be carried out, any hides or fltins, or pieces of hides or fltins, until such sum shall have been paid, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, and double the value of the hides or fltins delivered or carried out; and no hides or steins tanned with bark shall be counted or weighed, or marked with any stamp to denote the charging of duty thereon.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any tanner with bark shall choose to discontinue the working or using of any of the pits or vats in his or her tan-yard, used with bark, not' less than one-fourth of the number of such pits or vats, for any part of a year, not less nor more than six months in such year, it shall and may be lawful for such tanner so to do,-provided that notice in writing of the day when such tanner shall -discontinue the use of such pits or vats, specifying the number of pits or vats, and the cubic contents thereof, shall have been given ten days before such day to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and to the surveyor and gauger of the walk in which such tan-yard shall be; and in such case a proportionable deduction, according to the number of cubic feet in the pits or vats so discontinued, for the time such pits or vats shall not be employed, shall be made from the monthly charge by this act directed to be made; and if any tanner shall, after the time mentioned in any such notice for discor.tinning to work, use any pits, or work or nfc any greater number of pits or vats than the number of the pits or vats in his, her, or their tan-yard remaining, after deducing the number of pits or vats, of the difeon-tinuance of which such notice shall have been given, every such tanner shall, for every such pit or vat exceeding such remainder, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any tanner who shall have so discontinued to work, or use any such pits or vats, shall work or use the fame, or any of them, without having given notice thereof in writing to the commissioners, surveyor and gauger, not less than ten days before he or she shall begin to use the fame, every such tanner shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such pit or vat.

VII. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any taHner with bark unless he, (lie, or they shall, with

Hull not send out any hide*, Sic. until all is paid, penalty job and don. ble value of hides, no oilier duty on hides or ilciiu tanned; with bark, nor shall they be counted or stamped.

Tanners may difeon-tinue working one fourth or more of pitiorvati,

after ten dap notice to i commission* era and offi. cersj allowance in pro* portion.

61. penalty for ti.’ingmort than the remainder of pits or vats after such

-ioda)s notice of using pits or vats discontinued, penalty 50I

Tanners and furctiea to cuter into a bond for

tool before

i-q 6

A.D. 1800. Chap. g.

lictfnfc is cranked.

' Tanners "with fumack, or of skins in oil, and parchment-makers, to

give 48 ham s notice,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

sufficient sureties, - have executed a bond to his Majesty in the penal sum of-two hundred pounds, conditioned to pay all such duties, or sums of money,- as by virtue of this act such tanner shall be charged with, and all penalties which shall be inflified for-using any - pit or vat of which such notice of difeentinuing -shall have been given, before the time when such tanntr shall have given notice of again working the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every tanner- of skins with fumack, or of lkins tanned for roans, gloves, or bafils, and dresser of hides or {bins in oil, and every maker of vellum and parchment, shall, from time to time, before any hide - or hides, - {kin or skins, or any piece or pieces Sir. are taken of any hide or hides, {kin or skins, shall he taken-out of pritd pcn-lty <he mill, ooze, liquor, oil, or other -material in any tan-2Cl- .- liotise, tan-yard, or other -yard, or in any vat or pit used by him or her for tanning, ftceping, or dressing any ’ 'hides or skins, to be dried or otherwise disposed -of, give forty-eight hours notice in writing to the officer of excise in charge of the walk in which such tan-house, yard or other, place shall be, of UlC time when any hide or hides, skin or skins, or any piece cr -pieces of any hide or llidcs, or {kill or skins, or any vellum or parchment shall be taken out of the mill, ooke, liquor, oil, or other material, in order to lie dried or otherwise disposed of; anti for cvciy default of giving such notice, every such tanner, dresser and maker . making such default, shall forfeit twenty pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That .'every tanner of skins with fumack, or of skins tanned for roans, gloves, or bafils, and every dresser of hides- and skins in oil, and maker of vellum and parchment, shall, from time to time, per-pardunut- m;t any officer of excise, and every such officer is hereby

makers, shall J

permit officers empowered to ..take an account of the number and quality of coimuiHkius, dll hides and skins, and pieces of hides or skins, vellum and &c. tube parchment, which shall be taken out of the ooae, mill, li-

dried, and 1 7

than within 2 quor, oil, or other material, in order to be dried or other-wZimt'riis wife disposed of; and every such tanner, dresser and maker oriras'h'1' A13!) withita two days after such taking out, and before the carrying atvay of any such hide or hides, or {km or skins, or any piece, or pieces of any hide or hides, or skin or skins,

-vellum,

" i’anner* with fumack, or for ruaiis, "loves or jiAffis, and drcflers in oil, and

fore they arc ok; fed away

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

vellum or parchment, from the tan-yard, tan-house, or other )’ard or place belonging to such tanner, dresser, or maker, or from the usual place or places where such hides or skins, or pieces thereof, or such vellum or parchment are, or shall be usually dried, make true entry with the collector of the dif-trifl, or the surveyor or gaugcT in the walk, of the number and quality of every of the hides and lkins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, so taken out of the ooze, mill, liquor, oil, or other materials, from the time any hides or skins, or pieces of hides ot lkins comprifetl in the last preceding entry, were taken out, such time to be particularly deferibrd, and also the purposes for which they are rrfpeflively adapted, and for which they are respectively intended by him or her to be ul'ed, and shall verify such entry by affidavit upon oath, which oath any oollcftor, fub-commissioner, or surveyor in his Majestyk revenue is empowered and required to administer; and for every default of any such tanner, drcfTer, or maker, in making such entry, or verifying the fame by affidavit as aforesaid, he or Hie shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise, -at any time in lhs day time, to enter into any tan-house, tan-yard, work-house, mill; or other yard or place used by any tanner of Reins -with fumade, or of lkins tanned for roans, gloves, or bafik, or by any dresser of hides or skins in oil, or 'by any maker of vellum or parchment, or any place where any such shall be, to search and fee what quantities of hides or skins, and pieces of hides or flans, vellum and parchment respectively, are taken out of the mill, ooze, liquor, oil, or other material, to be dried or made fit for sale or u'Fe.; and also into the houses and other places belonging to every dealer in leather tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and bafils, and in every place where such tanned leather, leather dressed in oil, or vellum or parchment shall he stored, or shall he kept to be weighed, or fold, or manufacturecd, to search and fee whether the hides and skins, selhim and parchment therein be duly {lamped; and if ally such tanner, or any dresser of hides and skins in oil, or maker of vellum or parchment, or dealer in such leather, vellum or parchment, or owner or occupier of any such place as aforesaid, or his or her servant, shall refuse such entrance Vol. XX. 3D to

l97

A.D. 1800.

igco. Chap» 9.

entries verified by affidavit.;

20L penalty.

Officers may cuter places ul'ed b/ Inch tanners r.tid parchment* makers, ?nl by dc,dc»s in leather at’d pardiment;

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to any officer of excise, or not permit such officer to enter as aforesaid, every such tanner, dresser, maker of vellum or parchment', dealer in leather, or vellum or parchment, owner or occupier, who or whose servant shall refuse or not permit such entrance as aforesaid, shall,' for every offence, forfeit sol. penalty the sum of twenty pounds; and if any such tanner, dresser iganoffiKr; of hides or skins, maker of vellum or parchment, or dealer in leather, or vellum or parchment, or his or her servant, shall not on demand made by any officer of excise at the tan-yard or other place of such tanner, dresser, maker or dealer in leather, or vellum or parchment, where any hides or skins, or vellum or parchment are kept, {hew such officer all the stock of hides'and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment in the possession of such tanner, dresser, maker, or dealer in leather, or vellum or parchment, or shall not permit such officer to take an account thereof, every such eounttkreofj tanner, dresser, maker and dealer, shall, for every neglect or refusal by him or her, or by his or her servant, forfeit twenty pounds; and if any person shall fraudulently conceal any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or any vellum or parchment, to the intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the duty payable thereon, then, and in every such case, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit twenty pounds; and all skins tanned in manner aforesaid, and all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and lltias

iol- penalty hr not film ing flock on demand, or not permitting officer to take ac-

skins and parchment rc-

movedbcfor« dressed in oil, and vellum and parchment, which shall hate

duties ettarg. r

cd, and not shewn to officer, dcumed concealed.

been removed and carried away before the duties payable upon the same shall be charged and entered as by this act is diredkd, auJfmfiitcJ or which shall not be shewn to any officer of excise after demand as aforesaid, or which shall be fraudulently hidden or concealed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, tanned or dressed as aforesaid, and . all vellum and parchment found in any place belonging to any tanner, dresser of leather, or maker of vellum or parchment, of which such notice as aforesaid shall not have been given, shall be deemed and taken to be concealed.

2daysnv-

XI. And be it enacted, That every tanner of fleins with ft-

tice to omceri

before /kin.-, mack, or ot skins tanned for roans, gloves, or hauls, and move?/*" every dresser of hides and skins in oil, and every maker of vellum and parchment, shall, from'time to time, before ar.y

'" hide#

The Fortieth Year of George III. 199

hides or skins, or pieces of hides or lkins, or any vellum or A.D. parchment shall be removed from any of his, lief, or their r)1®00' -yards, work-houses, or other, places of dressing, drying or keeping the fame respectively, give two days notice in writing to the officer of excise, of all hides or lkins, and pieces thereof, and all vellum and parchment which he, she, or they shall intend to remove, to the intent that the officers of" excise may ascertain the duties payable for the fame, according ns the same are chargeable by weight or tale; and every such tanner and dresser, and maker, shall permit any officer ofatstohe of excise, at his or her yard, or place where such hides or j10

skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or vellum, or parchment, take accounts, shall be dried or kept, to weigh and take an account of the numbers and quality thereof, and of the weight of such hides and lkins, or pieces of hides or skins as are chargeable with duty by weight, before the same shall be removed from the places of buying or keeping the fame respectively.

XII. And be it chafled, That when the duties chargeable Weights, an lkins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and ba-

fils, or on any hides or skins, and pieces of hides and lkins &c. dressed in oil, or on any vellum or parchment, shall be af- officers, and certained, the officers of excise shall enter in a book the respective weights and numbers, and quality of all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and lkins, and vellum and parchment, whereof the duties shall have been so ascertained as aforesaid, and shall make a return or report thereof in copies of «-writing to the collector of the distrifl, leaving a copy thereof, w'thkc under his hand, with the respective tanners or dressers of such ‘’"f

r parchment

hides and lkins, and pieces of hides and lkins, and makers makers of such vellum and parchment, which return or report shall be a charge on the tauners or dressers of such hides and lkins, and pieces of such hides and lkins, and the makers of such vellum and parchment respectively.

XIII. And be it enacted, That immediately from and after officem* the duty of such steins, and pieces of steins, tanned with fu- toUhcra«*oi mack, or for roans, gloves, and bafils, and of such hides

and skins, and pieces of hides and skins dressed in oil, and of such vellum and parchment, shall be ascertained by weight or tale as aforesaid, and an entry thereof made in a book to be kept by the officer or officers who shall have so ascertained the fame, such officer or officers shall cause every 3 D 2 hide

Officers to

j..»‘ n'-'kt Vihcrcdtlursd by t«»ni»c»b, oiiil without iiijury; -

Onffnmpcd hide:;, &’c. to be kept Icpn-

rate from

such ns are ilamped, ami ilampedliidcs, Stc, to he kept 2 days from all othcis, unless sooner rc-weighed by an inspectoti or Purveyor, penalty 2©!.

job penalty

for removing /'hides, &c. within 2 days after {lamping, unless re-weighed, &c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

hide and skin, and every piece of a ‘hide anti fl<in, and all vellum and parchment whereof the duty shall be so ascertained, to be marked with such mark as this act dirc61s to be irfed to denote the charging of such duty as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, That in case any tanner or dresser of such hides and -skins, <or -maker of vellum or parchment, shall dtfire that the said mark be made upon any particular part thereof, then the officer marking the fame, shall mark such.hide, or skin, vellum, or parchment accordingly; and officers in marking hides and skins. and vellum and parchment, (ha'll do no damage, or the least damage that may be to the same.

'.'XV. And for the better ascertaining of the duty chargeable on hides and Anns, and pieces of bides and skins, and on veil mi ana parchment, and for preventing frauds between the officers of t'xcise and tanners, dreflets, and makers thereof, be it enacted, That every fuel) tanner and dresser, and maker of vellum and parchment, shall keep all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and all vellum and parchment which have not been duly stamped by any officer of excise, fr pa rate from nil hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment which shall have been duly damped with the damp denoting the charging of such duty, and shall also keep all such last-mentioneri -hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, separnte 'from all other hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins. and vellum and parchment, which at any lime or times before had been damped for the space of two days after the flamping thereof,unless the same shall have been sooner re-weighed or taken an account of by an inspector or furvej-or of excise, on pain of forfeiting lor every offence therein the furo of twenty pounds; and if any skins, or pieces of skins, tanned with fumack, or tanned for roans, gloves, or bafils, shall be removed from the yard nr drying [dace, or:-Sores ox any tanner thereof, or if any hide.; or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, dressed in oil, or any vellunLor,.parchment, shall be removed or conveyed from the . yard-or- drying place, or stores of any dresser or maker [ thereof, before the expiration of two days next after the stamp-; ing thereof, unless the same shall sooner have been weighed or taken an account of by an inspector, surveyor, or other officer of excise, the tanner or dresser of such hides or skins, or

piece:

If lu4e&»

&c.art foy;.J

The Fortieth Year of George III. 201

pieces of hides or skins, and maker of such vellum or A.D. parchment, shall for every time he shall offend herein, forfeit l^oo. the sum of twenty pounds. v—

XVI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall tan as SoWn# aforesaid, or dress in oil any hides or skins, or pieces thereof, shall

at every of his or her yards or places used by him or her for dry-ing hides and skins, provide and keep, at his or her own costs in weighing, and charges, sufficient and just feales and weights for weighing and &c‘ re-weighing all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and '

skins, which shall be in their respective yards and other places, and shall bring, or cause the same to be brought, to the feales, and shall assist the officers of excise in weighing and re-weighing such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, in such manner as such officer shall think mod; convenient, and in examining^ from time to time, the depending dock of hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, of every such tanner and dresser of leather.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if upon any reweighing of any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, the lame shall be found to be of greater weight than the weight ac. wdgiuV., carding to which the fame were respectively charged with duty on ckrgej'ac-' the first weighing of the lame, all such hides and fir ins, and pieces

of hides and skins, shall be charged with duty according to such greater weight; and the officer of excise who shall have re-weighed the same shall make a return or report thereof to the collector of the distritt, in the same manner as any officer is hereby directed to make a return or report of the first weighing thereof, and such return or report shall in like manner be a charge on the tanners and dressers thereof respectively.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every tanner of skins with! Dutinto fumack, or of skins tanned for roans, gloves and bafils, and every

dresser of leather in oil, and maker of vellum and parchment,

* chftiffro in

(lull pay off and discharge all the duties charged upon him or Dublin , her, in respect of all such hides and skins, vellum and parchment, JXr parn; so marked as aforesaid, within one month if in the city of Dublin, cdfceior, to nr the liberties adjoining, and within two' months in all other 8nereiafU‘ parts of the kingdom, after the same shall be so marked and damped as aforesaid, to the colle&Or of the distrld in which he or she shall* residej and such collector is hereby required to give receipts for all the money he shall, ftom time to time, receive for the duties aforesaid, to the person or persons who (halt pay the same.

ao2 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every tanner so charged with the , 1800. respective duties on skins tanned with iuraack, and skins tanned for Chap. 9. rojjS) gloves, and bafils, and every dresser of hides and skins in joI. penalty, oil, and every maker of vellum and parchment so charged with the duty? for not respective duties thereon, who shall neglect to make such payment piying within as aforesaid within the time aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such imbed; and neglect the sum of twenty pounds, and double the amount of the 50l. for fend- payment whereof shall not be so made, and shall not after

r.ig out any j 1 j

hftL-r, before, such neglect or default fend, deliver, or carry out, or suffer to he nn/doubt^’ carried out any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, vellum valucofIkins, of parchment, until all such duty as aforesaid shall have been paid and cleared off, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, ami double the value of the hides or skins, or vellum or parchment, delivered or carried out. sot. penalty

XX. And be it enacted, That if any such tanner or dresser of iVji'ft fc ill’s *eat^er shall not keep at every yard or other place uftd by him or and weights, her for drying or keeping hides or skins, just feales and weights as officereti'f1"8 lhis aft directs, or shall by himself or herself, or any person em-irash, &c. ployed by him or her, refuse to permit, or shall not suffer any ofli-

cer of excise who shall desire to weigh or re-weigh any hides or

\ skins, or pieces of hides or skins belonging to such tanner or dre(Ter at such yard or drying places as aforesaid, to weigh or reweigh the fame, or shall by himself or herself, or by any person employed by him or her, neglect or refuse to bring the same to the feales, or to assist at weighing or re-weighing the fame, in such manner as such officer shall think most convenient, every such tanner or dresser shall, for every default, neglect, or offence herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any officer of excise shall, at the for funiiiiiing >>ar<^ or ot^er P*ace of any tanner or dresser, be furnished with any iinjuit fodcs unjust feales or weights for weighing or re-weighing hides or skins' or weights. pjeces of hides or skins, or be furnished with any feales Or weights which on weighing or re-weighing any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, shall, by any device, not exhibit the true weight thereof, whereby his Majesty may be defrauded of any of the duties aforesaid, every such tanner or dresser shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXI. And whereas it is necessary for the collection of the duties on leather tanned with fumack, and for roans, gloves, and bafils, and on leather dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment, diat papers, called specimen papers, shall be put up and preserved in the store-house of every such tanner and dresser of leather, and maker

The Fortieth Year of George III. 263

of vellum and parchment, in order that officers of the revenue vi- A.D. (iting their yards and stores shall make an entry on such paper of 1800. theirvifits at such places respectively, and of all notices given of taking hides and steins out of the pit or ooze, or oil, or other materials, and of requiring the officers of e.xcise to (lamp or mark the lame, and of the quantity and different species and quality of hides' and skins, and vellum and parchment stamped and marked by such officers; be it enacted, that every tanner, dresser of leather, and ma-ktr of vellum and parchment, who shall be furnished by any nucerof die revenue with any fticli specimen paper, Hull cause the f|i«imeii lame to be fixed on boards conveniently made for that purpose, and S-Oicm llull cause such speciinen paper so fixed to be hung, polled, ‘!1 or put up in his or her store-lioule, in the most public, and conspicu- as herein di-ous place, and preserve and keep the fame so ported in such manner, ty^eft’ that any odicer of the revenue visiting at such store-house may view the fame, and make entries the-reon; and if any such tanner, dresser, or maker as aforesaid, shall not poll or put up, or preserve such Ipecimcn paper in manner herein directed, unavoidable accidents excepted, he or she shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXII. And be it enacted, That if any skins, or pieces of skins 50l. penalty tanned with iuinack, or for roans, gloves, orbalils, or any hides or d.ins, or pieces of bides or skins dressed in oil, or any vellum Or before duty parchment, shall be removed or conveyed from the yard, work-iioiile, drying-place, or (lores of any tanner, dresser, or maker P’"1 ta"‘ thereof, before the duties payable thereon shall be fully charged by &c! weight or tale, as this act in the respective cases doth require, and before such hides or skins, or pieces thereof, or vellum or parchment, shall be stamped or marked, to denote the charging of the said duty, the tanner, dresser, or maker, out of whose yard or other place Inch hides and skins, or pieces of hides and lkins, or vellum or parchment, shall have been so removed or conveyed, and every buyer, contractor, or other person who shall take away, or cause ur procure to be taken from any such yard or other place, any such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or vellum or jurchment, or in whose possession any such shall he found,shall for every offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all such skins, ami pieces of skins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and halils, and all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins j,« dressed in oil, and vellum and parchment, which, shall be found-in any other place than the yard, drying-place, or (lores, of a- lima, m

204 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D.

licensed tanner, dresser of leather, or maker of vellum and parch-i8°o. ment, without such. stamp or mark as aforesaid, to denote the charging of the said duties, or which shall be found in any place with any false or forged mark or stamp used to denote the charging of the said duties, or resembling any part of such mark or stamp, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

Accounts

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every tanner of skins

arikUcci With furoack, or of skins tanned for roans, gloves, or ba-

every three fi[s and every dresser of hides or Heins in oil, and every months, be- '

tween tan- maker of vellum and parchment, mall, once in every three

months at Least, settle an account with the collector of the penalty jol district in which he or she shall reside, of and for the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment of such tanner, dresser and maker respectively, which within the time of every such account shall have been taken out of the ooze, mill, liquor, oil, or other ingredients used for tanning or steeping, drafting, or making the same, and of his entries thereof with the officers, and shall at the same time balance such account by hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, for which the duty shall have been charged as aforesaid, and by such hides and skins, velium and parchment then remaining in his hands unmarked, and for which duty shall not have been charged as aforesaid, which account every such tanner, dresser, and maker, shall truly and faithfully make as aforesaid, atwdw such un^er ^,e penally of fifty pounds; and that every officer, Ttd'r’ upon the taking -every such account, shall inform himself and penalties concerning the truth or falsehood thereof, to the end that ct»xrcd.rC* such. tanner, dresser, or maker, shall have unlawfully conveyed away any of such hides or skins, contrary to this act, or shall have defrauded his Majesty, his heirs or fuc* cessors, of any part of the duties payable for the fame, he may be proceeded against for the recovery of such duties, and of such penalties and forfeitures as are by this act prescribed for such offence, on offS*1'*’

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee for taking a or reward shall be taken by any officer of his Majesty's revenue from any tanner or dresser of hides or skins, or any maker of vellum and parchment, or any other person for any act or duty to be performed by such officer

m

The Fortieth Year of George III. 205

in pursuance of this act, under the penalty of five pounds, A. t). to be forfeited to the party aggrieved for every such of- I®co-fence.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners_Commtf-of his Majesty's revenue shall provide, or cause to be pro- vUt'ihwps"' vided, marks or stamps, with which, all skins, and pieces of skins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and ba- prelimeat fils, and all hides and steins, and pieces of hides and fid ns fm-fiiihasni-dressed in oil, and vellum and parchment imported into 1111"'

this kingdom, shall be marked or stumped, upon the payment of the duties thereof, and also marks and (lamps with which all skins and pieces of skins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves and bafils, and all hides and skins dressed in oil, and all vellum and parchment made in this kingdom, upon charging of the said respfdlive duties for the fame, shall be stamped or marked, and shall cnnfc the said respective marks or stamps to be distributed to the proper officers for the several purposes before mentioned; and such marks and stamps, or any of them, shall or may be altered, changed, or renewed from time (lamps to time, as the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them shall think fit; OUCTJ' and if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge

any stamp or mark which shall be kept or ufcj for de- pir; c.mmer- 1 1_frit Aaitlp*,

noting the charging of any duty chargeable on hides or or fill U!is, skins, or on vellum and parchment, or shall counterfeit, ^VfiKh)1’ mark, or impress, or cause or procute to be counterfeited, marked or imprefied, upon any hide or (kin, or any piece of i^r-any hide or tkin. or on any vellum or parchment, any mark or device to referable any of the marks or devices aforesaid, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or (111, or cause or procure to be uttered, vended or sold, any hide or tkin, or piece of any hide or fkisi, or any vellum or parchment, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such maik or impreiliin to lie counterfeited, then every such person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall be transported for the term of seven years.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That as often as the stamps

1 mm.v :«

or marks for denoting the charging of the duty on hides n. tr./mc,

yT w -v , when ll irnp»

VOL. XX. g f «nd aKahem!.

20.6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and 'skins tanned as r.foresaid, and dressed in oil, and r]h'°0' on vellum and ‘parchment, -or any of them, shall be al. tered or changed, notice thereof shall be given by the chief commissioners, or -any three or more of them, in :the Dublin Gazette, ‘for three successive days df publication thereof, and that any person who shall have in his crrher custody or possession, any-hides, or skins marked wifhtheftamp or mark time allowed before fuoli time in ..ife, may, within such time as the said commit-oflicOT tlf fences shall by the said notice appoint, not less lhantwo months Ttiark with from the third day of the said publication of the said notice, re-ocw. damps. ^,a;re t},e office is of excise authorized to damp Hides, and skins, and vellum, and parchment, to (lamp tire fame; and every such officer is-hereby required, without fee or reward, within twenty-Knd'jirf0 3t four hours after demand, to'(lamp and mark the fame with the -V-, net1/ ilamp or mark-which the said commissioners 'shall have provided for denoting the.clurging of the said duty. fomiw'Ilout

XXVII. And be it enacted, That after the expiration of the . such new rime so to be appointed, within-which such.hides and skins, and cKpiianWof Pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, as had been !tay tf f/m3 damped or marked with the former ilamp or mark used for denoting Vthe charging of the said duties respectively, may be stamped or t marked-with the new (lamp or mark which shall have been provided; and every hide or {kin, or piece of any hide or flan, tanned as aforesaid, or dressed in oil, or any vellum or parchment,

found in the possession of any person without such new, or altered, or changed (lamp or mark thereon, shall be forfeited, and may be

seized by any officer df his Majesty's revenue.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no drawback of any of the

duties chargeable on hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins tanned in Ireland, or any manufacture of such tanned hides ot skins, or on any hides and skins dressed in oil in Ireland, or anj manufacture thereof, or on any vellum or parchment made-in Ire-

No chaw- |am| which shall be exported, shall be allowed or paid, unless

-vinckon ex*_,

puitntion, un« proof be made by the person exporting tnc lame,’that the duty made^f pay- chargeable on fuclvhidesand skins, or vellum and parchment, hath went of duty, been paid, nor unless the person exporting the same shall have per-jttfpctformed. formed regularly the fame requisites, and complied with the fame regulations as are,.or may he required by law to be performed and observed by persons exporting any article, chargeable with an inland duty whereon any drawback is payable for obtaining the fame; and fitch drawback, when allowed, shall be paid by the < collector of the port from which such goods shall be exported

wit

Fines fcc. recovered as by 14 and?!;

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

out of any monies in His hands arising from any aids granted to his

Ivlajeily.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inHifted by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, dhefted, and appointed, in and by an act of parlia- »f appeal, or meat made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and -fifteenth years l^vemTe'Vaw' of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the Second, entitled,1,1 forc".

An act for thefettling of the exetfe or new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and ficcejors, according to the book, ef rates therein inserted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually to all intents, -constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

XXX. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue infomc and be of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one

rSol, and

thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered, T*"*aA

- may be re-

varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this pealed oral-present session of parliament. ,tm1'

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, fe'Jtral duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commffmers for managing the Stamp Duties.

Monday the tnutnlyfourth (say of J\Iarch\ Otlt thovfantl tight hundred^ royal off at given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLSR. PARI.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland in parliament assemblal, being desirous to raise such aids and supplies as may be sufficient 3 F 2 to

Ficamble

2oS

A.D. 1800. Chau. 10.

Trom 2jtl» Ma'ch, 1 Sco, t<‘ 25t.hM.trch 1 *%o 1»the 'h.tics fu!. low!; g shall be na!d:

upon ihs nutlets expressed in tl.e schciUik'j A ami 13,

annexed, the dulits therein mentioned;

and for every adwrtife-mentinany gnpictte, newspaper, or other printedp?per, or pamphlet, a duty of is.

and a further duty «fter tin- rate of i.u forever/ I.) line: over

r!chill io, n.> line ro

exceul hi

knrtb 20 Hi’, Luii'i* JPiiiner;

p.imphltt.i rot exceeding 6 ihecis. 8/0. or Idler piigc, 12 in 4to, or 20 in folio. JS-per fnrrt, in I copy;

upon every loci. of goods, &c. inhJieil, 15

1he Fortieth Fear of George III.

to support, with honour and dignity, your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou fund eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, colluded, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, and sums of money following; that is to say, for and upon the several matters and things expressed in the schedules hereunto annexed, marked A and B, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, and sums of money in the said schedules mentioned, for and upon the several matters and things expressed in the said schedules; and for every advertisement to be contained or published in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly, or oftener, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publicl: yearly, monthly, or at any other interval or time within the time aforesaid, or in any hand-bill containing more than one advertisement, printed or dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one /billing; and a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling for every ten lines which every fttch advertisement shall contain over and above the first ten lines; no such line to exceed in length twrrty nt’s of the letter called long-primer, or two inches and three quarters of an inch; and for and upon every pamphlet or paper not exceeding fix (beets in odlaro, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve fileets ill quarto, or twenty Ihccts in folio, so printed, a duty after the rate ot two shillings for every street of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one printed copy or impression thereat; and for and upon all insurances for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property lVam loss by fire, which shall be made at any time between tie twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 209

and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight A.D. hundred and one, inclusive, a duty after the rate of one ' °°0' (killing for every one hundred pounds insured thereby; and for and upon all irifurances upon any life or lives, or for

1 1 i:p til evjrv

insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of i«l. of the seas, or other perils at sea, which shall be made at any goadd, &C time during the time aforesaid, a duty to be paid after the

rate of one shilling and six-pence for every one hundred pounds insured thereby.

II. And be it enacted, That in case any such advertise- , rif,lle,

J duly For aci-

tnent be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, viuifcmaiu then and in that case, there shall be paid for every such ad- «caV'C> verlisement treble the duties herein before mentioned. Lfoft-fuiJ

III. And be it enacted, That every deed, inftrnment, wim flu'.! note, or memorandum, letter, muniment, or writing, for

or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable consideration for or on the loss of any ship or vessel, goods, monies or effects, or upon any loss by lire, or for any loss whatsoever, or for or upon any life or lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of insurance within the meaning of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment or writing be- charter tween the captain, master, or owner of any ship or vessel,

and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect of the freight or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandizes, or efiefts, laden, or to be laden on board of any such ship nr vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a charT ter party within the meaning of this act.

V. And forcorrefting abuses committed.by arresting person.s without any writ or legal process tojuftify the fame, by means whereof the payment of the duty hereby given to the crown upon such process may be evaded, be it enacted,

That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one rk°n"'k,‘>r tiioufand eight hundred, every officer or clerk belonging, or shall %u my that shall hereafter belong to the court of king’s-bench, (:c/i court of common-pleas, or court of exchequer, who shall sign any writ or process before judgment, to arrest any person P'*1"'.1'"'1 persons thereupon, shall, at the time of figoing thereof, thi,:.:

set

ii:ii \

2 10

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Tc-t down upon such writ or process the day and year of (ign-r6C0‘ ing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance ‘.flf')' roil, or in the book wherein the abstract of such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every offence or neglect of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid; such forfeiture to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, -or them who shall inform and fuc for the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That all books and pamphlets serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack or a directory, by whatever name or names entitled or described, are anil

v:k-dorsal |)c charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanacks and directories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any tiring herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge'any accounts, bill of parcels, or bills of fees.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge the prohate of any will or letters of administration of any common seaman or soldier who shall be (lain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding officer of the troop or company under -whom such seaman or soldier served at the time of his death -, of the truth whereof an oath (or if by a quaker a solemn affirmation) shall be made before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be grantedwhich oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, -without fee or reward.

IX. Provided also, That none of the rates, duties, or Turns of money imposed by this act, shall be raised, levied, or paid, or be payable unto your Majesty, by virtue of this act, by any person or persons who shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis, so far as relates to the suit in which he, flic, or they shall be admitted to sue or defend, w-rrants X. Provided also, That this act, or any clause herein

hv,: ml

trrogw/ar.ccs contained, shall not be construed to charge with any duty

K",;rfore, any

iiy nmu:c ut i

to be entered oo tKw* rc« tnnr.lrance ioijt

p«:a!ty id.

r> jok fen-." the pur-J.cfc of an almanack or a (lirvdorv

on i.hijajii*.!

IJiHs of paicela, 5:c. not to be

Probate of »*ny will, or lifter of adnoiiiilratiott of soldier or f. await, not lol/ei.Wged.

' Not lO'Cvt-tend to any admitted to fuc or defend in ll\ma Fuuforu.

2 J I

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

any warrant made by, or recognizance taken before any J\. D. justice or justices of the peace, or any proceedings of any '*’oc' court martial, or courts held under martial law, during the existence of martial law in this kingdom; but such warrants, recognizances and proceedings shall be and are hereby dc- of courts dared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties dic«;itcrcc" imposed by this act.

XI. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to 01

Matters

charge with any of the duties aforesaid any ad or parlia- ami ment, proclamations, orders of council, forms of prayer and thanksgiving, or any acts of state which shall be ordered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed; or printed votes or other matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either house of parliament; any books commonly used in any of the schools of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any advertisement published by the trusteesof hospitals relative to the bu-finess of such hospitals; or any tingle advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily ae counts, or bills of goods imported or exported, so as such daily accounts or such bills of goods imported and exported do contain no other matter than accounts of goods imported into, and exported from this kingdom, and the particulars relating to such exports and imports, so as the fame be printed and published by such officer or officers as shall be authorized thereto by the lord lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That all accounts or bills of goods imported or exported, printed or published by any juiriQa’i'a other person or persons, except such officer or officers authorized as aforesaid, whether printed or published daily, il"yptrf«"

1 1 J not authoru

weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, or published Hull nay as accounts or abstracts of accounts, or in any other manner ^!;"ty whatsoever, shall be, and are hereby deemed to be daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, and subject to the duties hereby imposed, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of days accounts of imports or

3 G 2 exports

Account* of j;ood* ini.

212

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

exports contained therein; that is to say, the fnm of one penny for every day's account, or abstract of every day’s account of imports or exports, which shall appear to be included in every such publication.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to subject the books of any corporate body to any fhmp or duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause to be kept a distinct r.ccount of one half or tr.oiety

money nrifing l^lc money arising from the respective duties of twenty from tin-flu. pounds, in the said schedule mentioned, on the ndmission of

ty on nd-tndfion of

Books of Corporate

bodies a:-(.epkd.

D.iItV.dl acxounts ki*pt of the moiety of

I3'

any

student into the society of king’s-inns, and on the ad-s'ldthcv’lmie million of any barrister into the inns of court, and of the nf the duty whole of the duty of seven pounds in the said schedule

on atlornns J r

tidcutuiCT, mentioned upon each pair of indentures for binding an ap-pientice to an attorney; and that the receiver-general of the duties hereby granted shall pay the same at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and the commissioners of his Majesty's trenfury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause the same to be paid to the treasurer of the said society, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by said society.

XV. And be it enacted, That the commissioners or officers for the flamping and marking of vellum, parchment and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall keep their head-office infome convenient place within the city of Dublin; and the said commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered, under their hands and seals, to appoint such inferior officers, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for the marking or flamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and for the better col-iedling and levying of the duties hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as they at their discretion shall think proper.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all types, marks and /lamps heretofore used by the said commissioners, or by any officer or officers adding under their authority, for marking the said duties, and all impressions made therewith on any deeds, records, or writings whatsoever, shall be, and the

(j fame

p ud to the ueafurer.

Commissioners to keep head-office In a convenient place in Duhfidt and to appoint inferior officers with approbation of L. Lieutenant.

Ail types, n:»> !;s, or lLur.ps heretofore llfvd, the imprelR* ons made therewith are hereby declared lawful.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fame and every of them are, and is hereby declared lawful and valid to all intents and purposes, and that in all actions, suits, indictments, informations, prosecutions, and proceedings whatsoever, touching any of the matters contained in this act, or for or touching any ' act or acts heretofore done or hereafter to be done by the said commissioners and officers, or any of them, in virtue and under colour of their respective offices, it shall be deemed and taken that the said commissioners and officers have been duly appointed to their offices respectively, without producing their patent, appointment or commission, and without giving evidence that they have performed the several requisites prescribed by law to entitle them to execute the said offices respectively.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the several commissioners and officers heretofore appointed for the marking or stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such offices, respectively, as also such other commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter appointed, pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance.of this act, for more effectually levying the several duties hereby granted, continue to act in the several offices to which they have been, or shall be so appointed, or which they now actually hold or exercise, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the fame restrictions and limitations as are mentioned in former acts of parliament granting stamp duties unto your Majesty, or any of them, save as herein is otherwise directed, unless such commissioners or inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or unless such inferior officers shall be sooner removed front such offices by the said commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the types, marks, and stamps already kept or used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the several and respective duties granted by the said acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the several and respective

213

A.D. 1800. Chap. to.

The commissioners and officers now holding such offices, shall continue to act, save as herein.

The (lamps already used, or hereafter to be used at

fold office,

shall be the only lawful (Ump*;

the damps may be repaired or renewed

two or-more damps may be used when one nut fuifi-cient to tie. note the duty j

new ones may be provided.

The damps may be altered;

public notice to be given thereof.

Courts of justice and judges, to take judicial notice of damps.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

duties hereby granted, shall be the only true and lawful types, marks, and stamps, for the flamping and impressing of all vellum, parchment and paper, on which any of the several things herein directed to be charged have been or shall be engrossed or written; and that from time to time, as often as such types, marks, or stamps, or any of them, shall be worn out, or otherwise become unserviceable, the said commissioners may cause the same to be repaired and rendered fit for use, or cause renewals thereof, or 'similar types, marks, and stamps to be made and used, if they shall think proper so to do; and that where such types, marks, or stamps, shall not specifically denote the duties chargeable by this act, two or more of such types, marks, or stamps, the duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the duties chargeable by this act, may' be used for marking and impressing vellum, parchment, and paper, with such duties, or the said commissioners may cause to be provided new types, marks, or stamps, for denoting such duties, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, and to stamp or mark vellum, parchment, and paper chargeable with such duties, with the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the devices or marks used, or to be used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the said duties, or any of them, may be changed, varied, or altered from time to time, as your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit: provided that whensoever such devices or marks shall be changed, varied or altered, then and in every such case, -publick notice of every such change, variation, or alteration, shall be given by advertisement in the Dublin gazette, and in some other publick newspaper, a convenient time before the types, marks, or stamps, on which such new devices or marks shall be made, be used.

XX. And be it enacted, That all courts of justice and judges shall, without allegation or proof in that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and stamps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful types, marks, and stamps, for the purpose herein mentioned.

XXI.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

a i5

1C.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners here-

A.D. 1800.

tofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by your J8oo.

Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieute- —r

nant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this king- 0,£s00map.' dora for the time being, as aforesaid, or the major part of P°'"taPer-

/ (on 10 attend

such commissioners, shall and may, from time to time, as in court, and they shall see occasion, appoint one or more fit person or "Eft0 persons to attend in any court or courts, office or offices, which person or persons shall have full power and authority to insped and examine the vellum, parchment and paper upon which any of the-matters or things aforesaid have been, or shall be engrossed or written, or put, and also the marks or fiamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the duties arising by this act or by any former act, whereby any duties were granted to your Majesty upon stamped vel- judges,&c. lum, parchment, and paper; and that the judges in the commilW several courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the request of the said commissioners, or of any two of fecunng ttc

1 t duties;

them, shall make such orders in their respective courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalf; and that every commissioner and other of- commission. iicer, before lie proceeds to the execution of his office under ccrsto i* such appointment, shall take and subscribe the oath pre- {wor": feribed by an act passed in the twenty-third- and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled. An ati for granting unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, several duties upon flantped vellum, parchment, and paper, to be administered as in the said act is mentioned: provided that no-

thing in this act contained shall affect, or be construed to "nVft in'* aflecl an -.id passed in this kingdom in the twenty-first and 21 &22G'3 twenty-second years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the qualifications of persons appointed to offices in this Higdon, tohercin two or more grantees aft under one grant, ammifflon or appointment, but that the said act, and every part thereof, shall remain in full force.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners Cmlm,‘'r‘'

oners atul

and other officers heretofore appointed, and hercafterto be oifi:.n to appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be ruiM as ,i,lT employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall

3 II 2 from nor, ur con>

mlflioners of the treasury,

and to l;:kc care to fin* nidi (he different parts of the kingdom with damped

I'UOtfc.

How attor-nica, Collet-tors, Sic. are to charge for engrossing hills, an-fww, and other plcad-ings,

or the charge shall not be payable by the clientj and such attorney, &c. dull forfeit for til offence 10l. 2d offence 50l. and 3d 1 oof. with treble costs of suit.

Where any bills of colt in chancery or exchequer, as- herein, shall be taxed,

the charges

Fhe'-Fortieth Year of George III.

from time to time, for the better execution of their several offices and trusts, observe such rule*, methods, and orders as >they respectively have received, or shall receive, from time -to time, from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being'; and that the said commissioners shall take special care that the several parts of this kingdom, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and paper, stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that your Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners at the usual rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, and paper, to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall have done the same.

XXIII. Be it further enacted, That after the passing of this act, ail attornies, solicitors, or other persons shall make their several charges upon their clients or employers for en-grossing bills, answers, and other pleadings in equity, at or after the known or usual rates for every (kin, according to the number of skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any attorney, solicitor, or other person, shall, for writing or engrossing one (kin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, or for more than one fkio, making'his charge' by the sheet, or in any other manner than by the (kin, under pretence of having inserted in such one'(kin of parchment a greater number of, sheets than twenty, or under any other pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client; and further, that every attorney, solicitor, or other person shall for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the first offence the'fnm of ten pounds, and for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one "hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any bill of coll in any cause in your Majesty's courts of chancery or exchequer, in which there shall be any chargfc or charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answers, or other pleadings in the said courts respectively, which shall be

engrossed

The iurtkiL Year of George III.

eniro/rd or v.-ritten, .-.rid filed in either of the said courts, be taxed, the officer who shall respectively tax such bills of cofis fiiail tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such hills and anftvers, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the {kin, according to the number of fid ns actually con-nlncd in such pleadings, and not according to the number of sheers or words contained in such {kin, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and such officer, if the bill of costs-to betaxed lie in a cause in the court of chancery, ih il signify at the foot of such bill of cost, that the number of ildns contained in the pleadings mentioned therein hath been certified to him by the keeper of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his deputy; and if such bill of cost be in st cause in the court of exchequer, the officer who shall tax the fame, shall signify at the foot of such bill that he hath in-speded the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of costs: and in case such officers respectively, who shall tax such bills of costs as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of the rolls for such certificate as afore-ibid, or to insped the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of cost, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the charges' for drawing and engrossing such bills, answers, or other pleadings in manner herein directed, every such officer so neglecting or refusing respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every -such neglect or refusal the sum of ten pounds: and in case the keeper or keepers of the rolls of the court of chancery, or his or their deputy, shall neglect or refuse to insped and certify the number of fleins contained in such pleadings, as aforesaid, to the proper officer of such court, upon being applied to by him for the purposes aforesaid, such koeper or keepers, by his or their deputy, shall for every neglect or refusal, forfeit in-like manner the sum of ten pounds; which said several forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary way, upon motion by order of the said courts of chancery and exchequer, upon complaint made to them respectively against any officer who shall be guilty of any such neglect or refusal, and shall enure to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the charge to be made for engrossing any bill, answer, or other plead-Vot..'XX. '3 I ing

for drawing and cngiof-Bug shall he taxed by the flfin and not by the flieett or words contained in such ’stein;

if in chancery or exchequer the officer shall signify, &c. as herein;

officers who Bull neglect to apply 40 the deck of the rolls for such certificate, as: herein» shall forfeit for every such neglecttol.

keeper of the roils refilling to inspect and certify the number of lkins, forfeit I oh

218 . The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D.

1S00. Chap. io.

Manner of offing or v-titin^ jJri-ilaviis.

Penalty cn chargingtntre fees t'r.aii entitled unto.

ing in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the quantity or number of (beets to be contained in tws skins, reckoning the quantity in every (kin, according to the number of fhects above specified.

XXVI. ’And be it ensiled, That ev.cry copy of every affidavit-which shall be read in any court whatsoever, tlisll -be engrossed or written iirfnch manner as that the quantity of- writing contained ill any one fhcet or piece of paper shall not be deemed more, than one (licet, according to the manner in which the officers of thecourts in which fuel! af/idj-vit shall be respectively filed charge by the Pncct for fuel affidavit; and if any 'officer of any'court shall charge for the quantity of writing contained in any one (beet or piece c: ..paper on which any copy of fuel: affidavit shall be written, more than the fees to which he Should be entitled for one fhcet, according to the ccurfc of the court in which such affidavit, shall be- filed, he shall- for every such charge fc made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, will] trcbie costs of suit to any person or persons who (Itali sue for the same, in any court of record, by ailion, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efToign, protection, o; wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill-in the court of proper jmifdiilion.

KacK fisse

<if a flicct f papti R:s;r.ji. td, hud I 11 wliMia cej y uf.:n

vit Hiail he m riiiin,tUcm-. <i a separate luct.

RccordC) Vtlts, &t*. shall be e»-‘roflVtl or written as usual, f.nc as licttin.

All writing &e» I! nil be a '-ear lie ftaiwp' s conveniently may. be,

XXVII. And to prevent frauds which might be committed by writing such copies upon both (ides of any (her: or piece of paper, be it enacted, That where more than or.-: fide or page of any (beet of paper shall be damped or marked with the duties by this ail charged on paper on which such copy of an affidavit shall be written, each side or page lb marked or stamped shall be deemed a separate (licet or piece of paper, within the intent or meaning'of this ail.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all records, writs, pleadings and other proceedings in the courts of law and cquily, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever hereby charged, shall be engrossed or-written in such manner as they have been tifitally -accustomed to be written, or are now written, favc as herein otherwise mentioned.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all writings, matters and things, iti respect whereof any of the said duties shall be payable, and which shall he engrossed or written before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be

The Fortieth Year of George III. 219

written in such manner that Tome part thereof shall be wvittc-n on

A.D. 1800.

!:>; Ramps or marks which shall, in pursuance of this act, he 1 Sco.

placed on the velluin, parchment or paper, and such writing shall Irom thence he so continued in the usual forth of writing, or enrolling deeds or writings, so that no blank space Hull be left whereby such (lamps might be made applicable to any ether deed or instrument whatsoever, upon pain that the person who Rial! write or engross, or cattle to be written or engrailed any such writing, matter or thing, contrary to the true meaning hereof,

shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be pj0,;lv,ui ’ recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the tile of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform and sue for tile fame.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper hereby intended to be charged with the fever;. 1 duties afore- im.-mia! t,’> laid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head- "'nlte""I1"’ office aforesaid, to be stamped and marked; and the said commit- Wilimp.a. f,oners and officers are lierehy required, upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the lame, forthwith, without any fee or reward, to (lamp or mark any quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment or paper so brought, such person or persons paying to Inch officer or officers as Riall be appointed in that behalf, the re-ipeftive duties hereby granted and directed to be paid for the '..itne.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall or be arrelled between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand stiiv-mi t.> rif.ii hundred, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand u,c">sUeliXa rif-.t hundred and one, inclidive, by viviuc of any writ or pvocefs

UIKUT ll.lllll

ef my of your Majesty's courts of recori! in Dublin, at the luit of w.itVai, with ,.uv common person, and the Ihcriff or father officer shall take hail [n',v nl^viiv hom fiHl net lim av.rinil whom such writ or pni.eik shall issue, the t»u Ham;., if

1 -i f i nTi nmc;il he

facriff or other otneer, at the request and colt of the planum m tumj.ol l.c-ihrii action and luit, or of hU lawful attorney, shall assign to the r"K

hintiff in such action or salt, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by endorsing the fame, am! attelling it under his bull and leal in the preitr.ee of two or more credible witnesses, which may be done iv'rbout any fiatnp, provided the assignment, va ctvdorled, lie duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon: and also, that for and (hiring the time aforesaid, when and ui often as it shall become necessary for any ihcriff, or other officer; I 2 having

fixing stamps - before duty is paid or fe- ' cu?ed> forfeit tool

Mo The Fortieth Year of George' III.

A.D. 1800.

Laving authority to grant replevins, to assign any bond of any 1800. plaintiff in replevin to the avowant or defendant in Inch adioii, such assignment may he made without any stamp: provided the assignment so made be duly stamped before any action be brought t thereupon.

-Oifor if-

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if.any commissioner, or other

officer 'appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall'fix any lush mark oriftamp to any vellum, parchment,- or, paper, which shall be |>rought to tli head-office-- aforesaid t<j"bcrftamped or marked, before: the several and respective duties thereupon charged-by this = act (half be'daily answered, orhe secured to-be paid Co'theufeof ' your Majesty,' your heirs and successors, he-ffifalll’ for every fuifoof-- fence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds-"Writinfon -XXXIII. And be it enacted,:That:if 'any person or persons pa^cranyt0r ^ave of-hath engrossed or written,- or- caused-to be engrossed- or ' , written,: at anyttmefince the commencement- bf; the said acts. ot

~«Mq;oiNe c,

witii duty, tiny °t them, or (ha'l-'at any time hereafter engfofs'or write, or cau*"e to^e cngr°fled or written, upon any veilum,'..parchment, or stamped for a paper, any of- the matters or things for which -futh vellum, parch-lower rfuty, or paper was chargeable by the saida&s,' or any -of them,

or is'-hereby charged to pay any duty, before fuGh time as’the said veltum, parchment, or paper,' hath'been, or (halt be-marked ot stamped as -aforesaid,' or hath, or have, engrossed' or'"written, ot cause to be'engrossed or "written,-or shall engross or write, or causeto be engrossed >or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum,'parchment, or paper, that hath or have-not been stamped with any duty, or that have been, or shall be stamped or marked for any lower duty than the duty by the (aid-aits, or this act, payable for what ..hath been,- or "(ha'll be -so engrossed orwritten, then and in every such case, there shall be paid- to-your Majesty, your heirs-and successors,: over and above such'duty as aforesaid, for every such'dee'd, itlftrumenvor writing,'the Turn of ten pounds; provided the same shall be brought to'be damped'within the (pace of five years from the execution of such deed, -instrument, ot writing; oratany time after the expiration of such-term of five years, the: sum of twenty pounds; and no such deed, record, instrument, or writing, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, be pleaded. or given,1'or: received in evidence in any court,- or admitted in of duty and . any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well ’ the said i duty, as the said sum of ten pounds, or twenty pounds, as (lie case shall be, shall be fivft paid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand or hands of dome of your

penalty id. r above die proper duty,

if brought within five year* to be ibunped;

after five yean 20l. penalty;

such writing - not admitted

in any court till payment

The Fortieth Year of George III. a ax

your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above men- A.D. tioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such *8°°-deed, instrument, or writing, hath been, or shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or stamp; 311,31111,11 pro-

perly stamped,

and the proper officer or officers are hereby required, upon payment or tender of such duty, and sum of ten pounds, or twenty pounds, as the case may be, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark and stamp such vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or stamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing, respectively.

XXXIV. Provided always, and the said commissioners are here- Commas, by authorized to stamp all instruments, executed out of this king-

dam, upon payment of the duty payable thereon, according to menu «c-this act, without paying the said additional duty of ten pounds, thekingdom, proof being first made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, 31 icrci"' or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of this kingdom, provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the space of two years from the execution thereof, respectively.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Nottoei. herein contained shall extend, or be conftrticd to extend to judg-

ments uponpojlea?, inquisitions, writs of fdrefjcias, or to judg- r’Jlau> demerits upon nil dicit, or cognovit adioncm: provided that the fame be stamped with the proper stamp within one month next after the same shall have been signed, and that no discount shall be allowed thereon.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That any officer or officers who osicaanc-shall neglect or omit to bring such judgment or judgments to be

stamped within one month, as hereby directed, shall for every judgment! to such neglect or omission forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with?! to be recovered by civil bill, or by action, in any court of record in this kingdom.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons Writing

shall engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things with duty, for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged ^"7, f("mp" to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or shall engross or than is pay. write, or cause to be engrafted or written, any matter or thing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped, for any lower duty than the duty by this act payable for what shall be io engrafted or written, such persons so offending, shall forfeit

Vol. XX, 3 K for

222

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by

iSoo, civil bill; one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall penalty yl. inform and file for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any clerk, officer, or write matters person, who in respect of any public office or employment, is or dntvfif gu£ shall be authorized or entrusted to make, engross, or write any re-

cords, deeds, instruments or writing, by this act charged to pay a duablcu, ° ' 0

duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any practice to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any duty by this act payable, by making, engrossing, or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or writing, or by causing the same to be made, and engrossed, or written upon velluin, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or stamped with any mark or (lamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing or writing any such deed, instrument, or other writing, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be stamped or marked fora lower duty than the duty payablebythis act upon the same, then every such clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any such fraud, or practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or employment, respectively, and be disabled to hold or "x'lik enj°7 the fame for the future; and if any attorney belonging to wife disabled. any court shall be wilfully guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be.convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an attorney.

Attorney

XXXIX. And to prevent committing frauds on your Majesty, Lrrr in-respect of the duty payable on the admission of attornies into on.ymwkrcK.eourts, be it enacted, That t)o attorney shall practise in his v.vn fra. name, or in the name of any other attorney in any of his Mainly’s courts of law, or in any court of record whatsoever, in which attornies are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which he shall actually have been admitted anti ("worn an attorney, on,pain of the person so practising being rendered incapabl: of being sworn an attorney in any court -of law: and ( very attorney who shall so practise in any court in which he (h.:!I not luve teen admitted and fworu an attorney, shall be cifable1 i from recovering the costs of any proceedings carried -on by hint in any such court.

No attorney

XL. And be it enacted, That every pofon to be sworn be n'om"11° or admitted an attorney in -any of his Majesty's courts of unicfseer. law, or any court of record whatsoever, or a solicitorof the

tificate be 1

produced of court of chancery, shall, previous to such admission irto

every

2*3

AD,

1800.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

every court, produce to the proper officer to whom he shall apply to be admitted an attorney or solicitor 3s aforesaid, a g^000^ certificate signed under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the stamp duties, flat- {J of ing that such person has paid the duty by this act made pay- . able on such admission; which certificate shall be lodged with (i'lodgcccr-such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, f'* and remain in his custody to be examined by the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any officer by them appointed, at any time they shall think fit j and that from and after the passing of this act, every person who shall he hound an apprentice to an attorney, shall also obtain a written certificate from some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties aforesaid, of his having paid the duty by this act made payable on such indentures of apprenticeship; which certificate shall be lodged with the proper officer of the court in which such indentures are enrolled, or to which the mailer of such apprentice doth belong, and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of and keep such certificate, so that the fame may and shall be produced, and read in open court on the admission of every attorney, and produced to a matter of the court of chancery on the admission of a solicitor of that court, before he shall be admitted and sworn an attorney or solicitor respectively, as aforesaid: and that no person shall

f ' otpra-ftifing

be capable of prafljfing as an attorney or solicitor, respect unk&datk$ tively, or of recovering any bill of costs due to him as an p"d" attorney or solicitor, unless he shall have paid the stamp duties hereby imposed upon him when bound apprentice, and when admitted an attorney or solicitor, at or previous to the time of his being admitted an attorney as aforesaid j and it is the meaning and intention of this atft, That no person J years 2p-bendmitted an attorney into any court, unless such person shall have served his regular time or apprenticeship of five cd-years to a practising attorney of the said courts.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons Wmingon shall write, or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, Lm"iy either in the whole or part, any matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of stamped, cras. any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper whereon there to"’ shall have been before engrossed, written, or printed, any -r'aR"'s°!r

3 K 2

stamps to

other "frafpim,

224 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable 1800. by tjjs a£j) before such vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been again marked or stamped according to this act; or shall fraudulently erase or scrape out, or cause to be erased or scraped out the name or -names of any person or persons, or any sum, date, or thing engrossed, written, or printed in such instrument, writing, matter, or thing, as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any mark or damp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such (lamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then, and in every such case, every such person so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and the said piece of vellum, parchment, or paper so taken off, and on which any deed, instrument, or writing hath been or shall be written or made, shall be deemed not to have been duly stamped.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often as the said devices or marks, or any of them shall be changed, varied, or altered as herein before mentioned, it shall be lawful for all persons who shall have at the times respectively of such alteration or change, in their custody or possession, any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the impression of the type, mark, or stamp which shall have been so changed, varied, or altered, upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time, within the space of sixty days after the publication of such advertisement as aforesaid, such vellum, parchment, and paper to the said commissioners, at the head-office in the city of Dub-theiikeqoMi- jjn or to such other officers appointed as aforesaid; and the

tity shall be . rr

reiuined with said commissioners and officers, respectively, are hereby rc-wbhoHtany quired to deliver, 6r cause to be delivered unto the several '"'S'* persons who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vel-

lum, parchment, or paper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, so stamped as aforesaid, marked with the impression of such new type, mark, or stamp, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame, officer de- any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever, under fbifct"Sjoo). the penalty of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of

one

penalty 50l. anti such deemed undamped.

Persons bringing ilamped vellum, &r. nut engrossed, to the office in 60 days after the alteration of the flumps thereon shall beadveitifed.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 22

one hundred pounds; and in case any person shall neglect A.D. or omit within the time aforesaid,'to bring or cau'fe to be I'00' brousbt and delivered unto the said commissioners, or olid-cars as aforesaid, any such vellum, parchment 'or paper, vrihim, &c. the fame is hereby declared'to be of no other c'ffefl than if stan*ps, J0fn<» fuoli vellum, parchment or paper had never been Ramped; F_and that all matters and things which shall be cngrdlTed or iUnjiut, written thereon, after fuels time as shall be appointed by such advertisement -as aforesaid, for ranking isle of such changed nr altered types, marks, or Ramps as aforesaid, flstill be of no other effect than as if they had been engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper not marked or [tamped; and all persons who shall engross or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the duties aforesaid, on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such penalty as is herein before directed to be inflicted on persons writing and engrailing on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stampeu.

XLIII. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, which has been marked or damped, and has paid the duties granted by any act or acts of parliament heretofore made, shall and may be used for the purposes thereby intended, without any additional damp, mark, or duty, except in cales where by this act, or any other act or acts, duties, greater than those heretofore laid on are or'have been iniposed, in all which cases it shall be lawful for the said Commiifi-commissioners, or any of them, if they shall think proper . so to do, upon requefi of any person or persons, to order

either that such vellum, parchment, and paper be {lamped Mumpo!

;f, , 1 , ‘ with a higher

with a duty denoting a higher duty, the person or persons duty, the

requesting the fame paying the difference of price between the said respective Ramps; or that vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with stamps denoting such duties as‘the person or persons requeRing the same shall desire, be given to such person or persons in exchange for such vejlum, parchment, and paper, as shall be offered for exchange; provided, that the amount of the duties to be marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to be Ramped, shall not exceed the amount of the duties on the vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered for exchange: provided also, That the

2.2,6

"The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

'A.B. (lamps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper, so iUoo.

Chap. 10.

to be offered for exchange, be cancelled.

XLIV. And' for the better distribution of the said vellum, parchment, and paper, and that' your Majesty's fub-jedls may have the fame with convenience and at an easy rate, be it enacted, that the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being,

prices of shall, once in every year, at least, set the prices at which

"turn’,&c. 7obc forts of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper shall be 1st once in fold; and the said coinmrlfioners for managing the said duties

every year; i

priceiiamptd upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall flump the prices

f° set upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and

on every piece and fliect of paper so by them to be sold; and the said commissioners shall like wife allow and pay to every person who shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper to the said head-office to be damped in pursuance of this act, the duties whereof shall amount to the fnm of twenty

when duties i

amount to; per cent

jer

sol pounds, or upwards, save vellum, parchment, and paper to ilWedfrr be damped with tils duty of fifty pounds or upwards, ready money, jn jjg schedule mentioned, after the rate of three

- vellum,

pounds for every hundred pounds, upon prompt payment of the said duty upon such vellum, parchment, or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons who shall buy any parchment or paper at the head-office for damping the fame, the duty whereof shall nmofint to ilis like sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, lave as aforesaid, shall have the fame allowance for prompt payment.

XLV. Provided always, That no person shall be entitled to such allowance of three per cent, save printers and publishers of newspapers, and almanack makers, as to the duties payable bn such papers and almanacks, by vittue

of this aid, unless an affidavit shall be sworn before ont

of the said commissioners, and lodged in the said office, that the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which such allowance is to be made, is intendul to be vended by retail, fair and without any writing thereon, and by the person making such affidavit, for his own folc use and benefit: provided always, that no attorney, pubhek notary,

-or ferivener, or their or any of their clerks shall be entitled to any such allowance as aforesaid.

None but - printer* of navfpajicrfl andalm^nacks allowed dif- ’ -count, tut on affidavit, Ac.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XLVI. Provided also, That the doty mentioned in the said feliedale, shall not be charged on any draft or order for the payment of money on demand, payable to learer, drawn upon any banker, or person atting as a broker, with ten miles of the place where such draft or order shall be attually drawn and issued.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the duties by this a5 charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, drafts, or orders, shall be paid by the person or persons giving the same.

A.D. 1800. Chap. 10.

Draft3 on demand on bankers ;v:tV <1110 miles not charged.

Duty: on bills, &c. paiJ by per-fi.ngi;.;nff fame.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it matted, That no- Wlnt retiring in this att shall charge any receipt for any money Soothe paid into the bank of Ireland, or the house of any banker, or any receipt or other discharge given for the purchase of any flock or fund, or flock in the bank of Ireland, nor for any money payable on the government funds eita-blished by parliament, or on any other flock as aforesaid, nor on any receipt given on the back of any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory or other note, or any receipt on any bank note, or bank poll bill, or to any letter acknowledging the safe arrival of any bills, notes, or remittances, or any receipt endorsed on, or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory instrument by this att directed to be {lamped, or to any-release or acquittance by deed, or to any receipt given by any agent for mor.ey on account of the pay of the army or ordnance, or to any receipt given by any officer or seaman, or soldier, or their representatives, for wages, or other monies due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance, or to any receipt given by any officer of the exchequer or revenue, for money received on account of any duty, tax, rent, or other sum paid for the sfc of his Majesty.

XLIX. Provided that nothing in this att contained shall No higher extend, or be construed to charge or affect any bank note, living do- or bank pofl bill, which shall be issued for any sum |,c

‘ J pwl by reja*

less than fifty pounds, by any banker or bankers who temi innk-

shall have registered his oc their name or names, and <m 15.

firm, in manner by this att prescribed, or which shall be

issued by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, left t! 51l.

with any greater; or higher duty than as follows; that is

5 L 2 to

d under 5l.

co. cl. and under 10).

4d. iol. and under 50l.

!}!; and notes ifliwl by B. of Ireland, from 2; March, l8cO, to-25 March, iSof, shall be exempted, provided fccll i'um as shall be agreed upon, r.ot exceeding 30C0l. be previously pawl into treafmy.

The Fortieth 'Year of George' III.

to' say,: for each- and every such bank note, or bank post bill, where the funi expressed therein shall not amount to (ire pounds, the Turn of one penny halfpenny; -where the fuci espressed therein shall-amount to five pounds, and shall not amount to ten pounds, the Turn of three pence; and where the sum expressed' therein shall amount'to ten pounds, nnd (halb not-amount, to fifty pounds, flic sum of four pence.

L. And be it enacted, Tlintall bank notes and bank

pnl;

bills which shall be issued by the governor and company o! the bank of Ireland,' from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, until or on the tyrett'y. fifth day of March, which will he in the year one thousand eight hundred-and one, as well those issued for Aims unde: fifty pounds as those: issued for that sum,' or any larger fun:, shall be exempt from the duties charged lhereon respectively, provided the governor and company of the said bank thall have previously paid into his Majesty's lreafnry such sum of -.money not exceeding the sum of three thousand pounds, as - shall be agreed upon by and between the said tgoverr.or and company and the lord high treafruer of Ireland, or tli; . commissioners for executing-the office of lord high treasure:

of Ireland, as compensation for, and to be in lieu of, and in ffull satisfaction for all stamp duties payable upon all notes

and bills.to-be ifiucd by the said bank during the time afore-faitl.

Ailbank 'Ll. And be it enacted, That all bank notes, and bank prftbnis'ilTu- P0^ bills, which shall be issued by any other bank, or bank-- a by ri-gif- er or bankers, as well those issued-for sums under fifty

tered bankers, 1 r rr 1 r - r-

whoMiuive.pounds, as those mued for that sum, or for any larger fuc?, paiailifiicti ’ be exempt from the duties hereby charged thereon rr-kcg«edoii rPeaively. ^or ;in^ during such portion and portions, part for any part and parts, of the year commencing the twenty-fifth day of aiding 25th March, one thousand eight hundred, and to end on the Sic T'’ twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and empt from -one, for which such bank or bankers respectively shall have time/" previously agreed with the lord high treasurer of Ireland, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland; provided such bank or bankers shall have previously registered the firm of such bank, or the ..name or names of such hankers, with the said lord high

tscafuicr,

Whole film cxprdletl

in receipt;

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

treasurer, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer; and provided that such bank or bankers respectively, shall have previously paid into his Majesty's treasury such sum or furns of money as shall or may be agreed upon, by and between the said banker or bankers, and the said lord high treasurer, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, as a compenfa-

tion for, and to be in lieu of, and in full satisfaction for

all stamp duties payable on all the notes and bills to be

issued by such bank or bankers respectively, during the said portion and portions, part and parts of the said year.

LII. And be it enacted, That all persons registering them- Persons re-selves as bankers for the purpose herein before mentioned, sinter* to he shall, to all intents and purposes, be considered as bankers "

within the meaning of the laws now in force within this kingdom.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the whole sum for which any receipt shall be given, shall be really expressed in such receipt; and all persons who shall give or accept any receipt in which a less sum shall be expressed than the sum actually received, with an intent to evade the duties, or shall divide the sum actually paid in divers receipts, or shall by any general acknowledgment, or use of the word " settled," or such like, or any words, endeavour to evade the duties, or be guilty of, or concerned in any fraudulent contrivance to defraud his Majesty of any of the duties on receipts, such person or persons so giving or accepting such receiptor general acknowledgment, or so receiving a less sum than shall be expressed in such receipt, shall forfeit twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer who shall first onrtedpB, sue for the same, and the other to your Majesty,

LIV. And be it enacted, That all receipts expressed to be in full, or as a satisfaction of ail demands, and all general ments of aif-acknowledgments of debts or demands being discharged or d.ins where-' fettbd, and all bills or accounts signed by any feller of goods, or any person for him or her, and delivered to the purchaser speeitiedliable

J r . i r 1 to 23. duty.

thereof, wherein tnc film really received shall not be bona fide specified, shall be liable to the duty of two shillings.

LV. And be it enacted, That the duty on receipts shall w.lm nm 1

J 1 pay the duty

be paid by the person by whom the same shall be given, as onrerapts. well by landlords as by all other persons.

' Vol. XX. 3 M

230

A.D. 1800. Chap. 10.

Unltamped receipts under 2l. not available as gcneial receipts.

Receipt?, with twopenny ilamps between .;.cr, & 20I available for sum uxpressed, Lilt

not a general discharge.

20l. penalty 011 rcfiifing to give a receipt for rent.

Receipts not chargeable.

Penalty on writing or signing any undamped bill, note, or receipt, 5l.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

LVI. And be it enacted, That all undamped receipts not amounting to two pounds, and which shall by the insertiou of the words " in full of all demands," or otherwise, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged, may be given in evidence, and may be available in law -for such sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgment of all the debts being discharged.

LVII. And be it enacted, That all receipts impressed with a stamp of two-pence, in which any money amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds, shall be expressed, and which shall by insertion of the words " in fuil of all demands," or otherwise, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged, may be given in evidence, and maybe available for such sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged.

LVIII. Provided always, That every person receiving money, who shall, upon demand, refuse to give a receipt for the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer who shall first Cue for the fame, and the other moiety to your Majesty, to be recovered by civil bill, or before a magistrate, in a summary manner,

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall charge any receipts given for drawbacks or bounties on the exportation of any goods from this kingdom, or any other bounties payable pursuant to act of parliament on any goods whatsoever, or on any certificate of every entry of any duties of customs, nor to any portage bills allowed to matters of -vessels for making a true report of their cargoes at the custom-house, or promissory notes, for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten drillings, to be passed for tithes.

LX. And be it enacted, That every person who shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed any bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, or order, or any receipt or other discharge given for the payment of money liable to any stamp duty charged by this act, without being first stamped, or on which there shall not be some stamp refem--bling the fame, he shall for every such bill of exchange, promissory

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

note, draft, order, or receipt, forfeit the five pounds.

LXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful

23*

sum of A.D. 1800.

for Chap

any justice of the peace near the place where the offence Jofoccsroajr

J J t r r try oiicnces,

ill,ill be committed, to hear and determine any offence against wkre panaitjr this act which subjects the offender or offenders to any pe- 20l. "

nalty not exceeding twenty pounds; and such justice of the peace is, upon any information or complaint, hereby authorized and empowered to summon the party so accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and to examine into the fact, and upon proof thereof made either by the confession of the person or persons committing such offence, or by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgment for such penalty, and to issue his warrant under his hand by ulc of and seal for levying such penalty on the goods of such offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they cmo110*-shall not be redeemed within six days, and rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such penalty, such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such offender or offenders to prison for the space of three months, unless such penalty shall be sooner pa.id; and if any person or persons finding himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of such justice of the peace, then and in such case lie or they, upon giving security to the amount of the penalty, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case npp«>'«>

qiiavtcr-tcffi.

such judgment shall be affirmed, may appeal to the justices ons;

at the next general quarter sessions which shall happen after

fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been

made, and of which appeal notice in writing shall be given notiMto

to the prosecutor or prosecutors ten days previous to the first Profixulor'

day of such quarter sessions; and such justices shall summon

and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally hear and deter- iieterminati.

tc ._. J . on at Q. (cfT.

mine the fame, and no certiorari shall be granted to examine final, or remove such determination; and in case the judgment of such justice of the peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may, be lawful for such justices as aforesaid, to award the person mitigate pe-or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet: and it shall be lawful for the justice of the peace where he fees cause, to mitigate such penalties, colls of the officers and informers being always allowed above 3 M a such

233

A.D. 1800. Chap. io.

Witness not

attending-(expeucts being, paid) without ex* cufc allowed, forfeit jl,

Complaint vitltin 12 months

Allowances to persona who purcltafe {lumps for receipts* at the hvad-oflire, for their own use.

No drcla* ration, plea, or demurrer, nor any bill

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety above the said costs.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons -shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence before such justice of the peace, and shall neg-left or-refuse to appear (such witness or witnesses’ expellees being first paid or tendered) without a reasonable ex-eufe, to be allowed by such justice of the peace, or upon -appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon oath, or give evidence before such justice of the peace, then such person or persons thall forfeit the sum of five pounds, the same to be levied in such manner as is herein last directed, unless such person or persons so refusing to be examined upon oath, or to give evidence, shall make reasonable excuse for such refusal, the same to »be allowed of by such justice of the peace before whom such trial shall be had.

LX1IJ. And be it enacted, That no person shall be liable to be convicted before any justice of the peace for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint shall be made within twelve months from the time of committing such -offence.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That any shop-keeper, or tliop-keepers, dealer or dealers, Or other person or persons, who thall for his, her, or their own sole use, purchase at the head-office in the city of Dublin, any quantity of paper, damped for receipts, and shall at the time of purchasing such stamped paper, write, or cause to'be written or printed thereon, these words, " I, or we," (here inserting the name or names, or firm of the person or persons, for whose use such paper shall be intended to be used,) " do hereby acknowledge, that I, or we," (as the case may be) " have received," thall have an allowance thereon, after the rate of fifteen pounds per cenluni, if the quantity so purchased at one time thall amount to the value of five pounds, and not exceed fifteen pounds, and after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, if the quantity so purchased at one time shall amount to fifteen pounds, or upwards.

LXV. And be it enacted, That no declaration or plea, or demurrer, in any action or suit at law, in any of his Majesty's

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

*33

Majesty's courts of record, nor any bill or answer, plea, or

A.D. 1800.

demurrer, in any court of equity, shall be received or filed, *00'

unless the attorney or solicitor tendering the same to be filed, shall, at the time he shall so tender the same to "ranf"'cr>

Kc. to be til-

the officer of the court with whom the fame ought to be cl. unU* filed, deposite with such officer the warrant impowering ih^ndepositc him to prosecute or defend such action or suit, which warrant such officer shall, without fee or reward, file and flc-r. keep in his office; and if any officer of any such courts shall receive any of such pleadings without such warrant being so deposited with him, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds to any person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

LXVI. Provided always, That in case the party for whose benefit the said suit is prosecuted or defended, shall be out of the kingdom, that the attorney or solicitor, so prosecuting or defending the fame, shall be received so to do, n'^"akcai£. upon making an affidavit before the said officer, which af-

/ . , \ plaintiff ii

fidavit the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, that out of the his client is out of the kingdom, and that the delay would pi"? be injurious, and on paying the duty payable on warrants of attorney, of which the said officer is hereby directed to keep an account, as he is also required to pay over the same to the proper officer for receiving the flump duties imposed by this act.

LXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained Nm <o cx-shall extend to any proceedings to judgment by cognovit ac-lio/itm, or any bond or bill, or to the entering of satisfaction il1 motional, on any judgment or recognizance.

LXVIII. And for better colicfling and feeuring the duties One print-hereby charged on pamphlets, be it enacted, That one printed copy of every such pamphlet, which shall before or letprim«iin

Dublin to be

on ihc twenty-fifth day of March, one thonf.md eight hun- i.tougluto dred and one, be printed or published within the city of Dublin, shall, within the space of six days after the printing thereof, be brought to the said head-office for marking or damping vellum, parchment or paper, and the title thereof, with the cumber of fliects contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon shall be regiflcred or entered in a book to be there kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to

Fortieth Fear of George III. A.D. 1800.

receive the same, or his or their deputy or cleric, who shall

1800. thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such

printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlets; and that one printed copy of every such pamphlet that shall be printed or published in any place, not being within the city of Dublin, shall, within pyofewry" t*1E fyace of fourteen days after the printing thereof, be pampiitet brought to some head distributor or calle&or of the (lamp du-other places ties, tvho is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereto thread111 °^> w'(h the number of sheets contained therein, and the distributor duty thereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept

or collector 7 J r . '

in 14days&c« for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to such collector, who shall give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

If doty be

LXIX. And be it enacted, That if any such pamphlet fucifpamph. shall be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged toolPinialty thereupon shall not be duly paid within the respective times'herein before for the several purposes hereby limited, then the-printer or publisher, and all and every other person or persons concerned in and about the printing and pub-Ii firing of such pamphlets, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid to the nfe of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of the person who fitall inform and sue for the same, by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

Bonds to 'LXX. And be it e-naifttd, That no printer, or other personoftlrduty son or persons, shall, after the passing of this act, publish °"ntsin" any newspaper, of any paper serving the purpose of a newspapers. newspaper, unless he, file, or they, together with the proprietor or proprietors of such paper, shall, within twenty-one days after passing thereof, together with two sufficient sureties, have-entered into security by bond, in a sum not exceeding three hundred pounds, nor let's than two hundred pounds, to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, conditioned for the payment of the duty upon advertisements which shall be printed therein, upon pain that every person so. offending forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other to such person as shall inform and sue for the same.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fame, by ailion Or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill In the court of proper ju* rifdiilion.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That if any printer, publillier, or proprietor of any such newspaper shall quit this kingdom, and continue absent therefrom for the space of three months, or shall have become and be found a bankrupt, or shall have become and be found a lunatick, or non~compos mentis, or shall be outlawed for any crime, or shall be found guilty and receive judgment for printing or publitliing any traitorous or seditious libel, that then and in every such case such printer or printers, piiblifher or publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall, to all intents and purposes, be considered is if lie, flic, or they had given due notice of having parted with and transferred his or her property in such newspaper or newspapers respectively,

LXXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the assignees of such bankrupt, or the committee or commiueos of such lunatick or mu-compos mentis, from printing and publishing such newspaper, upon making the affidavit and entering into the recognizance by law required, that they are the printers and publishers of such newspapers respectively, in trull for such bankrupt, or assignees of, and committees of lunaticks, and lion-compos mentis, respeili vely,

LIIX1H. And be it enacted, That all the materials and utensils for printing, used in, and kept at, or belonging to any printing house in which any newspaper, or any paper lcrving the purpose of a newspaper as aforesaid, hath been, or shall be printed, into whose hands soever the same shall have come, or by whatsoever conveyance or title the fame itell be claimed, shall be in the first place liable and fub-ircl to, and are hereby charged with all and every such fom n:i sums of money as have become due, or shall become due far the duty, by this or any former act of parliament charges on advertisements, which have been, or shall be printed or published in such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, and as shall be due for fines or penalties adjudged against the printer or printers, publisher or publishers, proprietor or Mprietors of such newspapers, under and by virtue of this aS, during such time as such materials or utensils were, or 3 N % flnll

Printers, &c. of neivf-papcis, ab* fciu ihice months, or hauktopUj hmaiicks, &c.co jittered as having transferred.

Not to prevent aflig-n. M or committees from priniing, Sic-

Printing materials liable to duty onadvertise* menu.

ami newspapers to put their names thereto, pe-nalty lol.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

shall be used in, or kept at, or did or shall belong to such printing house as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful, in all cases, to levy such sum and sums of money upon such materials and utensils, in like manner as if the printer or printers of such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid. were the proprietor or proprietors of such materials and utensils at the time of levying the same.

Proprietors

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell,

of pamphlets r

or- expose to sale, any such pamphlet, or such newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, without the true name and surname, or names or lurnames, and place or places of abode of some known person or persons, by or for whom the fame was really and truly printed or published, being written or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successirs, and the other moiety to the use of such person as shall sue for the same, by affion or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That no officer appointed for distribuling vellum, parchment, or paper in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any stamped paper for printing any publick newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrence, to any person, unless such person shall give security, by bond as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties for the advertisements which shall be printed therein, or thereupon.

Tfprinters

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any

tied to receive person or persons who is, or are, or shall be entitled to ob-pa- tajn from t(,e said commissioners, or their officers, stamped paper for the printing of any newspaper or other paper aforesaid, of which he, (lie, or they is or shall be printer or printers, publisher or publilbers, proprietor or proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other person or persons with any such stamped paper, every such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, one moiety thereof

Stamped paper not to be delivered without fe* curity for 'duty on advertisemems be given.

per for tiewf-paper.', &c. fumish others therewith, they forfeit zool.

thereto, penalty to).

The Fortieth Year of George ILL 237

to the life of your Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to A. 0. the life of the person suing for the fame; and if any person q, IS°0’5 or persons shall make use of any stamped paper for the printing of any newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid), which he,

(lie, or they shall receive, or be furnished with, by any other who prim,

r r , , See. on paper

person or persons than the iam comunilioners, or their orn- not rcc.ived

ccr«, or distributors, every such person shall, for every such

offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied llm-

and recovered in like manner as thejaidiaft mentioned for-

feiture is to be applied and recovered,

LXXVtI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners for Commi'lC-managing the stamp duties, or any of them, or such of their cwccUamjK officers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall °"""rPs' and may cancel, or cause to be cancelled all the stamps on such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the-hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or publisht'd, upon oath, or, if a quaker, upon fdlemn a Sir- primer mak-inntion, made before the said commissioners, or any of them, tiicirrenum-or such officer, to the satisfaction of such commissioners, or'",ou"f°l11’ any of them, or such officer as aforesaid, that all newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, containing the (lamps so tendered to he cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons by or fur whom the fame were printed or published, and that none of such newspapers, almanacks, or Dublin directories, have been fraudulently returned, or re-bought, after the -fame shall have been fold and disposed of, or any profit or advantage made thereof; which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any of them, and the said officers respectively, are or is hereby authorized to administer, and also to examine upon oath or affirmation into all the circumstances relating to the felling or drfpofing of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, shall or may deliver, or cause ami return to be delivered, the like number of other (fleets,- half Ihects, or less pieces of-paper, properly stamped, with th.e,fame rc-spedlive stamps, -upon payment made, for. fuel) paper, but no duty shall be taken for the (lamps thereon.

LXXVIII., Provided always, That where ?tny, almanack Only t ptce shall contain more than one piece of paper, it.shall be suffi- dawSto* cient lo (lamp only one of the pieces of paper upon which bc Vol, XX. 3 O such

Stamped vellum, written, or en-groflld, and which shall be inadvertently rendered unv fit for use,

fcc.

when brought to the office, and oath made & herein;

the like quantity of vdlum, ,&<?. shall be piyperiy

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That the said comraiffio-ners, or any of them, or furh of their officers as shall he by them appointed in that behalf, shall or may cancel, or cause to be cancelled, any stamped vellum, parchment or paper, written or engrossed, which shall be inadvertently or unde-flgnedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, and which shall not have been signed by any party or parties, and which shall not have been used for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other consideration paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person employed to trahfadl the business intended to have been carried into execution by such writing or engrofsment, or to the writer or engroffer thereof,-for the duty or duties marked, stamped or impressedthereon, and upon oath (or if a known quaker, upon'solemn affirmation) made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, -or any of them, or of the said officer, which oath or affirmation said commissioners are, or any of them, and the said officer is hereby authorized to administer, that such stamped vellum, parchment or paper, so engrossed or written upon, of spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath irot been executed or signed by any party or parties, or used for any purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever; and that no money or other consideration hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, save and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to the receiver general of the stamp. duties, or other proper officer appointed to col led! and receive the fame; and in case any person or persons shall bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, parchment or paper so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, and shall produce at the same time the dike quantity of vellum, parchment or paper, to be stamped, then and in every such case, the said commissioners shall cause the same to' be.'stamped or marked with the several and respective duties stamped, marked or impressed on the vellum, parchment or.paper, i"o-written or engrossed upon, spoiled,- obliterated, or by any other means

rendered

0. 11}

0

A. n.

t b; 0.

Chap. i?.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

rendered unfit for life or service, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the duty on the fame, any sum of money, or other consideration whatsoever j and the said commissioners for managing the Ihmp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make such rules and orders for tTrcpSts' regulating the methods, and limiting the times for such can-

celling and allowance as aforesaid, with respctft to newspa- time f« fuA pers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, and other matters, c"'a :is they shall, upon experience and consideration of the fevc-ral circumstances, find necessary and convenient for effectually ftcuring the duties thereon, and doing justice to the per-fems concerned therein.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That from a-nd after the Printing« twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, atto the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hun- g

tired and one, incltilice, if any person or persons shall pe‘

print, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to sale any almanack or calendar, or Dublin directory, or any newspaper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper,- deemed or construed to be, or serving the purpose of any almanack, or Dublin directory, or newspa per, ordiily account of goods imported and exported (except as before excepted) within tire -intention or meaning of -this act, not being marked or ilamped, as by this act is directed, every such person :shall, for e.very almanack, calendar, Dublin directory, newspaper, book, pamphlet, or paper so 'printed, -published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered or exposed to sale, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in a summary way, before any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorised to hear and determine the fame, and upon due proof thereof -upon oath, and upon default < month's of payment of - the -said penalty, to commit the offender o^efauitof to prison >for one month, >for every such default, without P3J'nc,t-bail or mainprize:; which penalty shall be to the foie nfe and benefit of the person or persons who shall, without fraud or covin, rfifft fuc for the same.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every printer or Onecap-,-

ofiCKfpapa,

publisher of a -newspaper, or daily account of goods im- or daily x. ported or exported .(except as before excepted) printed or cn'-'-t pr"'tt<1

3 O a

*in Dublin, to

published be left.-it ?)i-

stamp office every day following between twelve and two;

in other places, 2*copies of such nc«f*. papers to the distributor of .{lamps.

so be paid for, nod shall be evidence agnmll'lhe printer of undamped ones, as.fhcfl be of the fame title, Ac-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

published in the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, "during the continuance of this act, shall, on every day of publication, or the day following, between the hours of twelve and two, on each day, cause to be delivered to the rdgifter of pamphlets, or to such other person as shall be appointed to act as register in the office of such rc-gifter or person in the: (lamp office in the city of Dublin, one irapression or copy of the newspaper so printed or published, with his or her name written thereon, after the same shall be printed, by his or her own proper handwriting, in his or her accustomed manner of signing the fame; and every printer or publisher of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid, in any other place- in this kingdom, (ha-11,-on the day of the publication of such newspaper, - or on the day-following, in like manner, between the hours-of twelve and two o’clock, cause- to be- delivered to the next distributor of-(lamps in the county-in which such newspaper shall be.printed or pu’bliffied, two imprbffions- or copies of every such--newspaper so printed or published, with his or her name written thereon, after the fame (bail -be: printed, by his or her proper' -hand, iffi -his or -her -accustomed. manner of-signing the! fame,- for which: several -copies-or impressions so delivered, the respective printers or publishers- thereof shall be paid ’the usual and -current prices of such impressions or copieswhich - said several copies or impressions so delivered -as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby'uoclarcd to be evidence = against the several proprietors, publishers, and printers -of such newspapers, respectively, for any offence whatsoever in all complaints', Tuits, actions, indifttrienis, informations, - and -prosecutions, to - be commenced and carried on, as well touching such newspaper respectively, as every matter and thing therein contained, and touching any other newspaper, and every matter and thing therein contained, which shall be of the fame title, purport or effect, with, such impredion or copy so delivered as aforesaid, although ’ the fame should vary in some - instances; and-'the printers, publishers, and proprietors of the impressions or copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall be deemed printers,; publishers,- or proprietors respectively, of all newspapers-which shall be of the fame: titles purport, or effect

with

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

with fuel) copies or impressions, so delivered as aforesaid, unless such printers, or proprietors, respectively, shall prove that such newspapers respectively, were not printed or published by them respectively, or by or with their knowledge, privity, or direction; and every printer, proprietor, or publisher, of such newspaper or newspapers, or daily account of goods imported and exported, (except As before excepted) who shall neglect or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copy or impression Isgned as aforesaid, as herein before directed, shall for every such omission pay a penalty of one hundred pounds; and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of any undamped news-[iiper, or daily account as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every paper so undamped, which he or she shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published; such penalties respc<3ively to be recovered by any person or persons who shall fuc for the fame, by action or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill, at the fdlions of the county of Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or at the adizes in the county where the printer, proprietor, or publisher of such undamped newspaper or newspapers, or daily accounts, as aforesaid, shall redde respectively, or shall print and publish such newspapers, or daily accounts; one moiety thereof to the life of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the life of the person filing for the same.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, or paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, shall, upon any trial in any complaint, suit, action, indictment, information, or prosecution, to be commenced or carried on, touching such newspaper, refuse to admit that the impreUion or copy of -vhc paDer left at the damp office in the city of Dublin, or with the didributor of damps in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed or published, was printed or published by him, then and in such case, the copy or impression to be left at the damp office in the city of Dublin, or with the didributor of damps in the county wherein such newspaper shall be priuteJ, shall be considered as printed and published by him, unless he shall

241

A.D. 1800.

rSoo. Chap, t o.

omitting to deliver such penalty tool.

penalty for cvciy undamped newspaper,

20l.

The paper left at the

fh til he proof again !l th& primer, utt* Lfs he proves he left one with his name written by hi n

P

prove

Printers,

or persons in trull for themy shall give in affidavit, &c. when required bj comtrufito-tiers, which shall be ecu-cluli.vc evi-deuce.

iisrglc^Unj? to give in affidavit as uloic-salt), penally tool.

'tke Fortieth Year of George III.

prove that he left, or caused to be left, at the time by this act required, a printed copy or impression of the paper published by him with the -officer or person with whom he is by this act directed to leave the fame, with his name written thereon in his-own hand-writing, in the manner directed by this act.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That every printer, pub-liffier, or proprietor of any newspaper, intelligencer or oc-currenccr, or any paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrencer, whether for himself or in trust fer any bankrupt or lunatirk, shall, as often as the commissioners for managing.his Majesty's stamp duties, or any two of tlicm, shall fee reasonable grounds for.requir-'ing the fame, and shall by notice in writing, or otherwise, 'require the fame, within ten days after being so required, give in to the said commissioners, at their head-office, or to ’their proper officers in their respective towns, and at the wespective offices where {lamped paper shall be -distributed, nearest to the place where such paper shall be printed or published, such affidavit, and of such import, as printers, publishers, or proprietors of newspapers are,-or shall by any law or laws be directed to make* which affidavit or affidavits shall remain with such commissioners of stamps, or officers, to be produced as occasion may require, at or before the trial of all such actions, suits, prosecutions, informations or indictments, as shall be had or commenced, filed-or found, touching such newspaper, or any publication therein contain--eri; and such affidavit or affidavits shall be received and admitted in all courts of justice as conclusive evidence of - nil such matters therein, as are hereby required to be therein contained, against all and every the person and per forts who shall have signed and {worn the fame, as aforesaid, on the trial of any action, suit, prosecution, information or indictment; and every -printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrencer, whether for himself, or in trust for any bankrupt or lunatic, who shall, when required thereto, as aforesaid, neglect or omit to give ill as aforesaid, within the time, and at the places aforesaid, fitch affidavit as aforesaid, shall, for every such '.negkd or omission, pay a penalty of one hundred pounds, v person or persons who shall sue

for

to Lc recovered by. an

The Fortieth Year of George III. 243

for the fame, by a<9ion or information, in any of hisM.i-jesty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill, at the sessions of the county of Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or at the assizes in such county where the printer, publisher, or proprietor of such newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrencer, shall refule respectively, and shall be disabled from receiving any damped paper for printing such newspaper upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if be never had been qualified to print or publish any newspaper, until he, she, or they thall make and deliver in such affidavit as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commffli-That it shall and may be lawful for any of the com- aiitribute»-s, missioners of stamp duties, or for such other officer or officers by them appointed for the distribution of damped withoutfoi paper as aforesaid, to take such affidavit and affidavits as aforesaid, which affidavit or affidavits shall be so made and taken without ‘fee or reward; and if any perfort shall wilfully swear any such affidavit or affidavits, and that the fame, or any part thereof, shall contain a false-hood, every such person so Swearing any such affidavit or on,»ityfor affidavits, shall, upon due conviction of such offence, in- ly,8 cur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as persons convictcdof wilful and corrupt perjury are by law liable and subject to.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That cny 'printer, publisher, Primer to or proprietor of any newspiper., shall by the said com: viJ \a missioners be considered as having-quit the kingdom, who ,'ay;laf'cr

1 onotice ferveo,

shall not, within ten days after notice in Writing, or other- a*herein,tint wife, given or served.in (lie name of the said commissioners, bcn io Uys or any two of them, at the office where such newspaper shall he printed or published, requiring him, her, or them other.-ifcco»-to make affidavit of the place or places of his, her,-or their oMcnt. then residence or dwelling, make before, and deposite with one of the said commissioners, or before a distributor in the county, appointed or to he appointed by said commissioners for distribnting stamped vellum, [larchrr.ent, or paper, in the country, which affidavit said commissioners and distributors are hereby authorized to lake, that he or flic has not been absent from this kingdom ten days together, from the time at which he, flic, or they became printer, publisher, or proprietor of such 3 P f. newspaper,

A.D. 1800. Chap. to.

Du) ing,

fc«ii.g, or having un-flainped newt papers, pjnal-ty Lul* each.

Printing a second iin-pteflion of a newspaper, if altered, Without giv* ingin a copy thereof, penalty. icoL

The Fortieth' Year of George III.

newspaper, and setting out the place of his, her, or their then reficience and usual dwelling.

LXXXVi. And be it enacted, That any person who shall bliy or fell, or have, or keep in his, her, or their possession, any unstamped newspaper, during the continuance of this act, shall be subject and liable to the penalty of ten pounds sterling for every unstamped newspaper so bought or sold, or so found in his, her, or their possession, such-penalty to be recovered by civil bill, by any person who shall fuc for the fame; one moiety of such penalty to be difp'ofrd of to the poor of the parish in which such offence shall be committed, and the other to the use of the informer.

LXXXVII. And whereas many printers and publishers of newspapers strike off a second publication, containing more advertisements or other matter than are contained in the copy given in at the head-of Ece as aforesaid, or to the distribntor,'if'in the country, by-which means your Majesty may be defrauded of the duty hereby granted, and other mffehiefs and inconveniencies arise; be it therefore enacted, That any printer or publishcr who (ball-vary any of the daily publications,- or -publish the fame without giving in a copy of such second itnpreflion, flatted as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the head-office, as aforesaid, or if in the country, without giving in two copies to the distributors of {lamps, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling to any person or persons who shall sue for the same in any court of record, by action, bill, plaint, or informs-

Duty on adwttfe-wents to be paid in 3a. days;

tion, wherein no essoign, protection, -or wager of law (lir.ll be allowed, - or by civil - bill in the proper court; and every such second or other varied-impression-shall be deemed to be unstamped, and the printer and publisher thereof shall be liable to all such pains, penalties and forfeitures as if the fame were unstamped.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall print or publish any advertisement or advertisements in -any pamphlet,-newspaper, -or other literary performance, shall, within the space of thirty days next after the last day of each month, if such advertisement or advertisements shall be printed or published within the city of Dublin, pay, or caofe to be paid, the duty or duties thereon hereby . charged, to the respective . persons appointed to receive the

The Fortieth Year of George III. 245

fame, or ta their respective deputies or clerks; and if printed

A.D. 1800.

and published in any place out of the limits of the city of ^]^C°i0

Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the time i_^-v—

being, appointed for the yollcflion of the said stamp duties;

and the said commissioners and officers, or such of them to

whom it shall appertain, are hereby required, upon payment

of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give

a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged

thereupon; and upon payment thereof in the manner and

within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the said commissioners, or their officer receiving the fame, shall make to the person or persons paying the fame, out of the

sums so to be paid, an allowance at the rate of five pounds

per centum per annum, and in default of such payment within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer

or publisher of every such advertisement shall be liable to pay your Majesty, your heirs and furreflors, treble the du- treble duty ' 1 . J n 1 ' in (Itfault of

tics herein before by this act chargeable thereupon, to be payment.

recovered with full costs of suit.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any printer or No stumped ,. . paper t > be

publisher of any newspaper, or other paper serving the pur- delivered to

poses of a newspaper, shall be, by due course of law, out-

iawed for any criminal offence, or convicted, and receive cm,audio

J ' > 31 roar for

judgment for printing or publishing a traitorous or seditious duty upon libel, the said commissioners, and their officers for distribut- ment6. ing statnped vrlltim, parchment, or paper, respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the use of any such printer, publisher, or proprietor so outlawed for any criminal offence, or who shall be convicted and receive judgment for printing and publishing a traitorous and fnlitions libel, any damped paper for printing any news-p per; and if any printer, publisher, or proprietor of a newspaper, or other paper, serving the purposes of a nctvf-pijicr, (Itall, within the time herein before limited for payment thereof, neglect to pay the duties hereby charged on advertisements, the said commissioners, and their officers for distributing vellum, parchment and paper, respectively, are hereby prohibited to lull, and deliver to, or for the use of such printer, publisher, or proprietor, any damped paper for printing any newspaper upon, itrail such printer, publisher, or proprietor, so in arrear, shall lave paid and discharged all arrears of such advertisement duty,

Vox,. XX.' 3 Q. to

2 46 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

tQ the payment of which he was subject to, and for the last day of 1S00. the month next preceding the month in which such payment shall 2^-be made. '

Counterfeit- XC. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons or any shall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge, or cause or

°cn<ling"fu'l Procure to be counterfeited or forged, any type, mark, or (lamp to &c. resemble any type, mark, or (lamp already kept or used, or here-

after to be kept or used at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, orimprefs, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or impressed on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any of the duties hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or (old, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, 'mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark or device tiled or kept at the head-office aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to , be counterfeited j then, every inch person so offending, and being

Mouy. thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall differ

death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

1’erfor.sin- XCI. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fifth (lay of fumi? Imufes, Mare], one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth day ot

&c\ irom

fire, to take March, one thousand eight hundred and one, mdulive, no person out heenfe. or persons shall keep any printing press or types for printing, or publickly or privately insure or open, or keep any office in this kingdom for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchan-

dizes, or other property, from loss by fire; or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, without first taking out a license for that purpose from the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

Comma!- XCII. Anti 1c it enacted, That from and immediately

fucMi'«iffc-'1 af(er the passing of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or any two of them, shall, under their hands and seals, grant a' license for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes or other property, from loss by fire.

and

‘Ihe Fortieth Year of George III.

and also for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the Teas, or other perils at sea, to all and every body and bodies politic or corporate, ot other person or personsapplying for the fame; which license shall set forth the name or names and other description of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking out the fame, and also the principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, or merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, or of insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, shall, at the time of taking out such license, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons taking out the same.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or any two of them, shall, under their hands and seals, grant a license for keeping printing-preflbs, or types fur printing on paper, to such person or persons who shall apply for the fame, and who shall have petformed the rfquilites which shall by any law then in force in this kingdom be necessary to be performed, and in like manner may grant a license to a public notary to enable him to act as such.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That all and every person or persons who shall keep or use a printing-press, or types for printing, without obtaining such license as aforesaid, shall forfeit such printing-press and types, and the sum of one hundred pounds, the said sum to be recovered by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, one moiety thereof to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall inform and sue for the same.'

XCV. And be it enacted, That every license to be taken out under this act, shall have force only from tire day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, and no longer.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who now, or which, during the time aforesaid, shall insure and let up, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, i 0,2 goods,

Commissionera may grant licenscS far keeping printing prefles, to

persons who perform re-quifhes.

Persons who keep, or use presses without licenses, shall forfeit pre/Fes and types, See. and loci.

Licenses to be in forte un'il 25 Mar. l80l.

Persons who insure houses, ire. from lire, without taking out li-ccufe,

248 tie F&txeti 'tear bf (xdislrjjfe IK.

A.D. goods, wares, merchandizes, or: other property from' foss by 1800. jJrC; or for insuring goods', wares or merchandizes' from ibc danger of the seas, or other perils at sea', without frch license as aforesaid f, or in any other house or place except the hoofe or place to be named in the license under which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or oth.fcf person or per* forts shall act; or such other house or houses, place or places as shall be subordinate to the house Or place to be named in such license, and be kept by some person or peifiris employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons having such liccttfe as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such hcenfe, or to forfeit for the intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit for every day

every day_0

such offence on which nch offence shall be committed, the sum of fifty «lTnda'ou’ pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of in-Llc tiiu pic- furance which such body or bodies, politick or corporate, or

miuinsrecciv- , ' . % r r

cd. other person or persons shall receive on any such day.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That all and every person and ^PerSmito persons, and body and bodies p«li ick or corporate, to whom lictnfciniTiU any such license as aforesaid shall be granted, shall at the tinic of receiving such license, give ftcurity, with sufficient hc-'-m M sureties, to be approved of by the said commissioners, or any two of them, by bond to 'his Majesty, his heirs and ' successors, in such Aims Vs ‘the said commissioners may think

reasonable, so as the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, lefpcdively, for half a year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodie; politick or corporate, shall faithfully make out, :sign, and deliver an account of all money received for such duties upon insurances, and well and truly make payment of all furl) sums of money as shall be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and also truly and faithfully'observe and perform all the riircdiions, matters and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf to be observed and performed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to remain in fall force.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That every license to be taken

The time ... e- J

such license under this act, shall have force only from the day of grant*

Arccbe l" Vg the fame until the twenty-fifth day ‘of March, one thmi*

fid

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fatid eight hundred and one, inclusive, and no longer; but it' a license-shall be granted "to two or more persons, and any or either of them shall die before, the said twenty-fifth day of March, it shall continue in force during the time afore-f.iid, for the-benefit of the survivor or survivors of the persons Iicerifed.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That where such business, of iofuring is carried on by companies, confining of a greater number of partners than four, the license, so to be granted by the said comrr.issioners in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to i'uc’n ttvo or more of any of such company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnership, as shall be named to the said coir.miiiioners, under authority from such company or partnership; and "in every such case the license shall continue in full force until such time as aforesaid, from the day of granting the fame, notwithstanding the deaths of the persons to whom such license shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partnership.

C. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, body and bodies politick and corporate, so to ht licensed, who from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, shall grant any policy of insurance'for infilling property from loss by fire, or from the danger of the feat, or other perils at sea, or llwll continue to: infare on any policy, shall, by themselves er such other person or persons as are, is, or shall be employed l>y, or under them, previonfiy ro the granting or con-linuing such policy of infnrance, demand, and receive for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons whose property shall be so illfured, she Aim of one shilling for every sum of one hundred pounds far which such policy shall be so made or continued, and so ;n proportion for any less sum, and shall give a'recript for the duty so paid, as-and for one year’s duty on such iiifu-trnce from the day of the date of the policy thereof; and in default of receiving such year’s duty in manner afore-jaiti, such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or teporate, so granting fitch policy, shall be accountable to year Majesty, your heirs and successors, for the said year’s duty, as if the lame lnd actually been received.

249

A.D. 1800.

1 800. Chap. to.

arc more than partner-*, the license shall be grant-

cJ to art)- 3

of them, and be in force for the time aforesaid.

Persons pnmtiiiii policies of in-furnace, Hull demand a day of 1$. for every tcol &c. for one year.

Cl. A.

Persons aflingasa-gcnts for any insurance company not )ic.*nfed, forfeit tool.

Persons in-sured'for any company not rciideiit in this kingdom, shall pay said ts. and is. Gd, forcvci) jccI

Ptnulty 50l.

'Persons he* coming entitled to fu>:h insurance, fiinll pay to

the infmerj the duly aforesaid,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CI. And for the more cffe-iual prevention of frauds (0 evade the duty on insurance against loU by fire, or from the danger of the seas, or other perils at iea, lie it enafied, That if any person or persons shall act as agent or agents, for any person or persons, body or bn lies politick or corporate, in publickly or privately insuring or receiving lubteriptions for insuring, or delivering out policies or receipts for infur.mcs from loss by'fire, or from the danger of the Teas, or other perils at sea, except for such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, as shall be duly liccmed as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; anti if any person or persons, whose house or houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, situate or being in this kingdom, shall, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and the twenty-fifth day 0; March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, be insured from loss by fire, or whose goods, wares, and merchandizes shall be insured from the danger of the seas, o; other perils at sea, during the time aforesaid, by any person or persons, or bodies politick or corporate, not residing in this kingdom, shall omit, or neglect to pay the said commissioners the like duty, after the rate of one shilling, and of one shilling and six-pence, respectively, for every one hundred pounds, as if such insurance was made by any person or persons licensed pursuant to this act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such omission or neglect; the said penalties respectively to be recovered by any person who shall fuc for the fame, by bill, adiou, or informa'ion, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed; or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

CII. And be it enacted, That every person or persons . who shall, at any time between the twenty-fifth dav of March, one thousand eight hundred, and the twcniv-fiftlt-day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, entitle l.imfclf or herself, or themselves,- to the benefit of any such insurance, shal'l forthwith, on his, her, or their becoming so entitled, pay, or cause to be paid to the infnrcr or in furors, the duties aforesaid; and such insurer or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or writion receipt for such duty to the person or pc.Tons paying (he fame; and in case of any default of payment of such duly within the time, or in manner aforesaid, and before any loss shall be fufUined, the policy of insurance, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, Ilia'll, so far as regards the insured, be void lo aii intents and purposes whatsoever.

CHI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of inking out a new policy cf insurance before the expiration of an old policy, for the fake of info ring a greater or different sum,'the fame proportionable abatement which the insurer or insurers shall make in respect to the premium of insurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on the new policy.

CIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the body and bodies politick and corporate, or other person or persons who under this shall obtain a license for any office of insurance against loss by lire, or the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, shall, from time to time, keep a true and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the number of the policy or instrument of insurance, which from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, shall be issued or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, die name or names of the person or persons inliiring, with the piece < r ] laces of ids, her, or their abode, the sum in-hired, and the time for which the same shall be so insured, and also the day of the mom)’, and the date of the year in which (itch po-' liev l!i ill be ilined; which account shall at all times be open for the iiii'ptaion of any pet Ion or persons duly authorized under the hands cad foals of the fiiiJ commhTioners for the stamp duties, or the major part of them, to infpift the same.

CV. And licit enacted, That all and every the body and bodies pe.idck and corporate, and other person and persons Who shall hive any licensc under this act for any insurance office, shall, from time to time, within the space of two months after the twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand eight hundred, and twenty-tilth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, or such ether times after the expiration of the ("aid two months as may be appointed by the major part of the commissioners of the (lamp futics, giving a previous public!: notice of fourteen days or more, 3 Ik ?. by

251

A.D. 1800.

1 Soo. Chap. 10.

H dcf.lllU of paynunt pj. icy voiJ.

A proportion iMe r.bdU’HU’ut of duty upon taking m:t a new policy.

An SZ' count to b« kept of lbs number of policies if« i'llctJt to whom, for what time, and for whaf sum, fcc.

to be mfpcA-ed by pci Tons a utlioi izctl.

Persons to whom such licensc granted, Om 1 within 2 months after times hemi)| deliver copies the recounts as nferefeid.

1The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. '.Lyadvortisement in the Dublin gazette, deliver,-or cause to be de-i8co. livercJ to the said commissioners,.or to the person- or persons appointed by them to receive the lame at the bead olEce of the faiii -, commissioners, true.'copies'of the-accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office.or.offices, body'or bodies politick or corporate,'or such other licensed person or persons for the quarter which shall have been completed before such day of an-t pay fun, delivery or notice, as the case shall be, and at the same time shall tnicco|iKsof pay all such sum and sums as shall appear to be due on such ac-paiav'S’oo! colints to the receiver-general for the time being, for receiving the salt! duties for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and fucceiuirs at the said head office, upon pain of forfeiting for every fitch do forikMtof fault the sum of five hundred pounds; and for every default in Sjv'lra'Ws Pa)’ment of the money due on said accounts,' double the amount ttw ampaot of t]10 falj monies due on the said account at the time of such de-

t (iertof.

fault.

TNiblir notaries shall every 2 months (ku* vtr a true account iiji-.ii oath of all hi'li of e.<-cti.mgc noted . by thcnij

and shall pny 2l. <W. Iw-each, aljove tfu. doty jiay-abla upoi' protcilmir, it troleliLd;

ipr>n neflleft or default in delivering a trui' account, they forfeit 500l.

and for not paying the money due, double the amount -thereof.

Persons so licensed shall be allowed is. -d.i the pound

CVI. And whereas it is and hath been the ciaftom for public!? notaries to note bills of exchange for non-payment or non-acceptance, and not to protect the fame in proper form of law, hv which the payment of the duties upon such noting or notarial acts has been, and may he evaded: for remedy whereof, be it enacieJ, That every puhlirk-nota-ry shall, once in every two months ('tiring tile time aforehiid,' deliver to the said commissioners of stamp duties, or Ionic person authorized by them at the head office to receive the same, a faithful and true account itv writing, and upon oath,'of such bills of exchange as aforesaid, which ffinl! have been noted by such publick-notary, and ffial! at the same time pay unto the receiver-general of the stamp duties the sum of two Util-ling:'. and six pence for every such hill of exchange which shall be so noted lay them, over and above the duty-payable to his Majesty upon protesting the fame bill or bills, in cate the owner or owners, holder or holders thereof, shall at any time thereafter think proper to protest the fame: and in case any y idick-notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the duties aforesaid, every fee!', publick-notary shall, for every such neglefii or default in delivering a true account of such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and for every default of payment of the monies due on such account, double the amount of the monies due on such account at the time of such default, the said penalties to be recovered by action, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom.

CVII. And be it er.afi.ed,-That the said receiver-general of the stamp duties at the head office,- or other person or persons duly appointed

The Fortieth Year of George III. 2 £3

painted by the major part of the said commissioners to receive the A.D. laid duties upon insurances again!/ loss by lire, or the danger of tSoo. the seas, or Other perils at lea, shall make an allowance to all and every perl'on and persons, body and bodies politick or corporate, for money so to be bcensed as aforesaid, respectively, for their own life and trouble in receiving the said duties, and making out such accounts asheiein directed, after the rate of one shilling in the pound out of the monies by them accounted for and paid, to such receiver-general, or such other person or persons aforesaid, according to

Salaries* 3tc. paid out of duties.

the directions herein contained.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, out of the produce of the duties hereby granted, to cause such /Inn and sums of money to be expended and paid from time to time for salaries and other incident charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, and levying or managing of the said duties, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the officer and officers who shall he concerned.in levying, collecting, and receiving be kept; the duties arising by this act, shall keep separate and distinct accounts thereof; and that the Icvcral distributors of /lamps in the city or county of Dublin shall weekly pay the same to the receiver general of the stamp duties; and the receiver-general shall, on every Wednesday in every week, unlel's the same shall be an holiday, and then upon the next ensuing day not being an holiday, pay all monies received by him and them, in his hands, into his Majesty's treasury; and the distributors of (lamps employed in other parts of this kingdom shall pay all sums received by them in like manner, and at the like times, to the several collectors of the inland excise of the respective districts in which the liunc shall be received and collected; and such collectors of inland excise are hereby authorized and required to receive and give receipts for the fame without fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof; and the receiver-general shall, in six days after his making any payment into your Majesty's treasury, and every distributor of (lamps, in six days after his making any payment to any of the said collectors, shall give notice of the amount of Inch payments to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties; and every such collector shall pay tile several lums lb to them paid respectively from time to time to the receiver-general upon receiving from him

Vol. XX. 3 S acquittances

A separate account to

collectonj in Dublin to pay to receiver-general every Wednesday

ill oilier places, to collctSUirs of excise;

notice lo cwnmiflioiit’r* of payment; mntU i:t 6 d;t\:> iller*,

254 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

acquittances for the fame; and if fitch officers, or any of then,

__ 3oc- shall omit or neglect to pay the duties so by him levied anil coilc-ft-

cd, paid in and received, as aferefaia, at the time, or in manner neglecting to aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies by them collcdd t'i'jSfnlikil anti received, then and/or such oil'.nce he or they shall be difmil-tromafling, fec[ frora ]yu or their employment, and be rendered incapable to i*l. percent, serve your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and shall be charred

dctaiiKiy with interest for the monies, so detained in his and their hands alter

the rate, of twelve p<’ umlsyVr r:r !/ per annum; the same to lo recovered by ad ion, suit, inform:’.’ion, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered by your Majesty, your heirs and focc/Ters, from pirhUck-accoup.tants or debtors.

A fepanue CX. And be it enacted, That there shall be kept in your Ma-be kept in jesty’s. treasury one book, in which all monies that shall be paid

the treasury. jnt0 tjlc treafllrv |,y vjrt,e of this act shall be entered apart and

distinct from all other monies paid or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and fuceeftors, from any account whatsoever.

Comptrol- GXI. And be it enacted, That the comptroller of the duties ^accountant- hereby granred shall certify, once in,every week, to the aicoimtant-gcacral genera], the amount of the duties paid by thj distributor-i or other

duties paid officers of the stamp duties, to the several collectors of the inland

w coScaors- exc'i"e j and that every fuels distributor shall likewise certify to the distributors to accountant general, and to the commissioners for managing the account, pc- stamp, duties, once in every month, the full amount’of the Turns gi'eoTcomp Pau* ky btm 011 account of the said duties, to any collector or col-troiicroi diu leftors of inland excise, specifying the name of i'uch collector, and tubutor -o. (jle respe£V,ve times of payment, and the balance remaining in his . hands; and if fitch comptroller or distributor shall neglect to certify. in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

CcillcJtors CXII. And be it c:wfled, That all such collectors of inland ex-

of excise # i t

fuUjcft to cife dial), as to all such stamp duties so by them received, be sub-

ofneenun^ je& and liable to the fame mode of account, and the fame regu-

aj for other Jations, favc as herein mentioned, as they are, and shall be subject to, in respect to any other duties by them collected.

Noiiniy CXIII. A:vl be it enacted, That none of the duties cranted by

p-iiil tn cor.'.- . v

mitiioncis; this act shall he received or collected by,-or paid to the said commissioners for managing stamp duties, and that the several persons who have been, or shall he respectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the co’.ictt vs(ba’-l said for.ner acts manted, shall, when called upon for that purpose, c\i a.H ibeir|]i tjK,:r p-inedi'. e accounts of such duties to the commissioners

accounts to

commiiiiuKu for taki-vr iinoreli aetounts for the tiinc being, or the major part

of imprest v

account?, (i

The Fortieth Year of George III. 255

of them, who iJn!) an .' ore hereby respectively authorized and repaired, from time tv time, to examine upon oath the persons who fed! he employed in r fifing, receiving, or collecting the said duties, ,ij to titc:-" :’ict'untx, and as to the-sum or films of money which v.7.5, or were by them, or any of them respectively raised, col-lefled, or received within the time of such their accounts, and like-ivifc "'hat part thereof was hv them, or any of them, paid into the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, or to the collectors of the in-LiaJ cxcil'e as aforesaid; and in accounting before the said commis-(lonera, or the major part of them, they are to produce proper, vouchers for any sum or sums of money so by them raised, received, and paid; and the commissioners of imprest accounts, or the major pert of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to admit and settle such accounts, and to give discharges to the fe-rcr.ti accountants.

and shall pro* duce vouch*

commissioners of imprelt accounts to give difehar* gei.

CXIV. Ami belt enacted, That tv hen the accounts of the mo- Accounts

-audited, and

n#v receiver] for the fa;J icveral duties mall have been io audited, %,<.<! h-tie litmr shall be signe-l by the said commissioners of imprest ac-coants, cr the major pait of them, and shall beat all times to the cmirus, a full c.acers therein concerned a full and sufficient warrantand discharge, 0 ’ to all intents and purpefes.

GXV. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures im- PenaltiM poled by this act may be recovered by any person who shall sue for the lame by aftton of debt, bill, plaint, or information, -in any of applied, your Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, proteflion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction; one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty,- and the other tnoietv to the use of the person filing for the same.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That a separate and distinct account Monies cfall monies arising from the-duties mentioned in the schedule II-

marked A, on licenles to keep lottery offices, shall be kept by the keep lottery

J . office?, See.

lever,1! proper officers, and the fame, or a sufficient part thereof, ii0w applied, shall be paid and applied to defray the charges and e.Tpences of managing and drawing any lottery or lotteries in this kingdom, in such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct, and that the reluluc, if any, shall be applied towards defraying the exp.-aces of your Majesty's government.

CXVII. And be it enacted, Trial the leaving or service of any Sm-lccor kgal process in any suit to be brought against any printer, publisher tr proprietor of any newspaper or pamphlet, for tin purpose of licojuud.

3 S S recovering

2 $6 Tie Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

recovering of any debt or penalty under this act, at the printing 1800. office or place where such, newspapers or pamphlets are usually and Chap.^ to respectively printed or published, shall be deemed and considered, to all intents and purposes, good service of such process.

_ No fee to CXVIII. And be it enacted, That neither the sixpence fir 1 ’ pound, nor any other fee shall lie payable to, or be deduftd, or received by any officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom, for or on account of the iffiuing or payment of any luin or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids by this act granted, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

10 per CXIX. Provided, That any person who shall purchase and pay t^purciSs for at the head-office for stamping paper, to the value of three "f of pounds, or upwards, of paper stamped with any of the duties wards, of mentioned in the schedule B, hereunto annexed, and printed with fckdifieB the printed forms of summonses, procefies, civil bills, copies of od printed summonses, procefies, or civil bills, decrees, difinifles, affirms-

Forms of 1

summonses, tions, renewals, or recognizances mentioned in the said schedule procefies, &c. shan be allowed by the commissioners for managing the stamp duties at the rate of ten pounds per centum for every such sum or films to be paid as aforesaid. inilrumentt CXX. Provided always,' That if any deed, instrument, cr stamps'high- Writing, shall happen to be executed on any stamp of greater or than re- amount than at the rate prescribed by this act for such respective

qtured, shall ‘

be valid. deed, instrument, or writing, that the same shall be considered as

Printers, publishers and proprietors of news< papers, &c. In whose possession unstamped paper shall be found printed, shall be liable to all penalties, &c.

duly stamped,' within the true intent and meaning of this act.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That if any printer, publisher, or proprietor of a newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrencer, or any paper serving the purposes of such, shall have in his, her, or their possession, such paper as aforesaid; or if such paper shall be found in the house, office, or printing-office of such printer, publisher, or proprietor, primed, or in part printed upon unstamped paper, such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall be subject and liable to all the penalties and forfeitures by this, or any other act imposed upon printers, publishers, or proprietors, for printing or publishing such newspapers as aforesaid, upon unstamped paper.

Process to Cdforcc appearance or oifwers to be fingrofled ou

CXKil. And be it further enacted, That all process which shall he entered or obtained to enforce the appearance or appearances ci' any defendant or defendants in any court of law or equity in this i kingdom,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

kingdom, or to-enforce the an l iver or answers of any defendant m sny court of equity in this kingdom, shall be absolutely engrotlcJ, and made out upon vellum, paper, or parchment, stamped with the duty charged by this act upon such process; and in case the officer or officers who shall enter or cause such pence's to be entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have such process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall for every such neglect forfeit to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the sum of ten pounds, which film shall be enforced in a summary way upon motion, by order of the court in which such process shall he entered.

CXXIII. And be it enacted, That no license to be granted to any person or persons to keep a lottery office, or deal in any British or Irish lottery, shall continue longer than until the expiration of ten days after the end of the drawing of the lottery which shall begin to be drawn next after the granting such License, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That the schedules hereunto annexed shall be deemed and taken as part of this act, to all intents and purposes.

CXXV. And be it enacted, That no person shall act as a publick notary without having taken out a License for the purpose; and that any person who shall act as a publick notary without obtaining such License, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, the said sum to be recovered by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, one moiety thereof to he paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall inform and sue for the same.

CXXVI. And be it enacted, That bonds or obligations, commonly called Kerry bills, shall be considered as bonds conditioned for payment of money.

CXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to repeal or alter any part of this act during this present session of parliament.

CXXVIII. And whereas distributors of ffamped vellum, parchment, and paper, frequently neglect to furnish their accounts to the commissioners for managing stamp duties, sad often run in arrear, and decline giving up such stamp-Vol. XX. T " ‘ cd

257

A. V>.

IcCO.

Chap, i x r

p.m.lifiiO! r.

ii mt!i duly Isncin, or nlficiT ikill forfj: l oi,

I iV.-ttlV for JoitvTj-olliee to continue Imt if* dayi after cm) of diaM*-ing ufloticiy licensed for,

Annexed fehedulrs deemed part of this act.

None to act as publick notaries with* out license, penalty tool.

Kerry bills shall l>c dicix e<! bonJs.

Tlifiaft may he repealed or altered.

Comrciin* onus of (lamps may ifitie warrants 5.0 fcize and take away damped paper and patcl> inent from di* fiiibutors who '.re in sircar

I’crfons who keep or life dogs, jruns, &c.

- (not hciiijr jpmH-kap-u!i) shall take out catili-cates from clerks of peace, which shall he on (lamps of -si. cs. 6d.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ed vellum, parchment, and paper, as they have not so!j. by means whereof great Losses arise to your Majesty. be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any one or more of them, as often as it shall seem fit to him or them so to do, by warrant, under his or their hand and seal, to autlioiizi* any person or persons, with the assistance of a magillra;-,-or any peace-officer, in the day time, to enter into t|.e house of any distributor, and to seize and take into or their possession such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be sent to fuel] distributor or difirihutors from the head-office, and as shall then be found in i|lc house or houses of such distributor or difirihutors; an(| 'that it shall and may be lawful to and for such p-rfoo and persons, so authorized as aforesaid," withtbe alii fh-r.ee of a magistrate or peace officer, to enter into the l-.oufe or houses of any distributor or aiftributors, and Adze, and take into his or their pofiession such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, as fit a 11 be then found in such house or houses, and as shall have been sent to them from the head office as aforesaid; and all magistrates and peace oflicers are hereby required, upon the request of any person or persons acting under such warrant, to aid and a [fill him and them in the execution thereof.

CXXIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, every person in Ireland who shall keep or use any dog, gun, net, or other engine fit for or commonly used fur the taking or destruction of game, (not ailing as a game-keeper under or by virtue of a deputation or appointment, duly registered,) shall previously deliver in a piper or account in waiting, containing the name and place of abode of fuel) person to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, where such person shall reside, and lake out a certificate thereof; and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or ilicct or piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any such person shall be engrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two pounds five shillings and sixpence, which said piece of vellum, or parchment, or fhcet or piece of paper, with such stamp thereon, shall be found and provided by the person

The Fortieth Year of George III. 259

foil or persons requiring such certificate; and that every A.D. deputation or appointment of a game-keeper, granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland, ibul he registered with the clerk of the peace of the county in which the said manor or lands lie, and the gsiue-keeper Co appointed (halt take out a certificate thereof; and that upon every piece of vellum' or parchment, or theft or piece of paper, upon which any certificate j iTucd to any person, under any deputation or appointment of game-keeper, shall be engrafted, written, or printed, there th;tl! he charged a fiamp duty of two pounds five thillings sr.d sixpence.

CX\X- And be it enacted, That every person keeping Scttin,-,

»r having a setting dog, spaniel, or grey-hound, or keeping ‘a"1' or having any hound, shall be deemed a person using ‘krmcdio-.-fitch setting-dog. spaniel, grey-hound, cr hound for the taking or defiruction of game.

CXXXI. And be it enacted, That for the better and Game duty more cfibfiual levying, collecting, and paying the said la It 1 mentioned duties, the fame shall be under tire government, comniitKomr*

I care and management of the commissioners for the time ofa3mPs,&c’ bring appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the ntcclfary officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be nc-crfliiry.

CXXXII. And be it enacted, That from and after the uvcniv-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, every person delivering into the office of the clerk of the ix-w, or his deputy, for the county where he ffinll reside,

; paper or account in writing, containing the name and jffi.ee of abode of fuel) person, and every ganjc-keeper to whom any such deputation or appointment shall be granted Jbrcfiiid, regidering the fame in manner aforesaid, and {imjitcing a piece of vellum or paper, stamped with the ,!n;y of two pounds five shillings and sixpence, and requiring a certificate thereon, and also paying the fun) of two shillings and sixpence to such clerk of the peace folia's (rouble, shall be entitled to such certificate; and every IWj.u c!.:!; of the peace, or his deputy, finll thereupon ifiuc a e

a T 2 crriificalc

260 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

certificate on such damped paper, vellum, or parchment,

rSoo. to tjje effe$ or form following; that is to say,

Chap. 10. b 1

I, A.B. clerk of the peace for the county of «icrk ofp.cace, or (as the case may happen to be) deputy cleii of the peace, tificaiei, in' do hereby declare that E. F. hath this day delivered into fom""2 wy °ffice a f!, Per' writing, or account, containing his name and place of abode (or as the case may happen to be) hath , this day regifered a deputation, 'whereby he is appointed a game-keeper by for the manor or lands of

which I do hereby certify, in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his Mnjefy King George the third, entitled, " An aci for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and *" succesors, the several duties therein mentioned, to be levied " by the commissioners for managing the samp duties.

CXXXIII. And be it enacted, That such clerk of the iiTiiccertifi- peace, or his deputy, after he shall have signed such certificate, shall forthwith issue the fame damped, as herein fid'from* before is directed, to the person or persons respectively

each ptribn, requiring the fame in manner aforesaid, and shall, previ-

penaitjr zoi. to t]le delivery thereof, be entitled to demand and

receive of and from such person the sum of two shillings and sixpence, for his own trouble in that behalf; and

in case any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall,

upon payment or tender to him of the said sum of two shillings and six-pence, and on production of such paper, vellum, or parchment, so damped as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to issue to such person; as aforesaid, so delivering in such paper or account in writing, or regiflcring such deputation as aforesaid, a certificate in manner and form as herein before is directed, every such clerk of the peace, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sunt of twenty pounds.

Certificates CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That every certificate cm the day iflbed by the clerk of the pence, or his deputy, pursuant ’fiiicd,penalty to js a£)_ shall bear date on the day of the month

201. and to be J

in force until on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and fuilotring! remain in force from thence until the twenty-fifth day

of March next following the date thereof, and no longer: And if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall ilftic

any

The Fortieth Year of George III. 2<jt

any certificate to any person otherwise than as above di- A.D. rested; he shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds. ition.

CXXXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, *oi P«ul-

jf any person shall keep or life any grey-hound, hound, >iigdc^)F pointer, sett'ing-dng, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, hot, or other engine, for the taking or deftnxftion of any hare, pheasant, partridge, heath-fowl, commonly called black game, or grouse, commonly called red game, or any other game whatsoever, without having obtained such certificate in such manner as herein before is directed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned-

CXXXVI. And Ire it cn.idled. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, if any person to whom any deputation or appointment of a game-keeper shall have been, or at any time hereafter zoi-Pera*. shall be granted by any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland, vh shall, for the space of twenty days next after such de-putntion or appointment shall be granted, neglect or refuse to register the fame, and take out a certificate thereof in the manner herein before directed, every such person not having obtained such certificate as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall forfeit and pty the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks AtpWtt. of the peace, or their deputies, in their respective counties, shall, on or before the twelfth day of August, one thousand »f pace

J , on or before

eight hundred, transmit to the head office of {lamps in Dub- tsAu^u.t, lin, a cor red! lift, in alphabetical order, of, the certificates Aamploffice by them iffiicd between the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred, and the first day of August in the same year, distinguishing the duties paid on each respective certificate so issued; and on the delivery onclialf-theroof, the receiver-general of the stamp duties shall pay every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for making Jf^‘Ierk out and writing any such lift, after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every such person to whom such certificate shall have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such lift; and in case any clerk of the peace, or his dc-Vol. XX. 3 u Put/>

C

'Lids to be kept at dump office, and may be in specteil fons.

Lifts to be -pubtiftwd in r.r.vfpaperf, by commissioners of /damps.

Wien an. potntinents of game-keepers are revoked, and new deputation! registered, the founerjhall be void.

50l. Penalty on pwfoiis using dogs,

- jrunji, &c. who do not producc their certificates, or tell names and places of residence, on "being required by-? jicrfon

The Fortieth Year of George EI. puty, shall neglect or refuse to make out such lifts as aforesaid, or shall not insert in such lift a full, true, and perfeff account as herein before directed, of all the persons the fame ought to contain, then, and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

CXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all such life, upon such transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the fair! head office of {lamps in Dublin, and shall and may, within the office hours, be resorted to and inspected by any person whatsoever, on payment of one shilling, and no more.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majesty's Damp duties shall, once or oftener in cvc'jr yeaT, as soon as conveniently may be after the said lifts shall have been so transmitted to them as aforesaid, publish the fame, or cause the same to be inserted in the newspapers circulating in each respective county, or in such publick newspapers as to them shall seem most proper.

CXL. And whereas deputations or appointments of game'keepers may be revoked; be it therefore enacted, Thit if any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland shall make any new deputation or appointment of a game keeper for any manor or lands in the room of- the person already appointed,

and to whom any such certificate as aforesaid hath been issued, and shall register such new deputation' or appointment with the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of the county in which such manor or lands shall be filtrate, and shall obtain a new certificate thereon, the frrft certificate granted shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, and the person afling under tile fame, after notice given to him of such new and other certificate, shall be liable to the -penalties prescribed by this act, in the manner as if no certificate had been granted to such person.

CXLT. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be found using any dog, gun, net, or other engine for the taking or destruction of game by any other person who hath obtained a certificate in manner herein before directed, it shall and may be lawful for such other person, producing such certificate, to demand and require from the person so using such dog, gun, -net, or other engine as aforesaid, to

The Fortieth Year of George III. 263

produce and (hew-a certificate issued to him'for that purpose, A.D. as herein before is directed; and every such person shall, J*00’ upon such demand and requisition as aforesaid, produce such certificate to the person so demanding the fame, and permit producing a

1 0 r certificate.

the same to be inspected accordingly; and if any such person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew a certificate issued to him for that purpose, or shall decline to produce or shew the fame, or not having produced and shewn such certificate, shall refuse, on demand thereof, to give in his name and surname, or the place of his residence, or shall give in any false or fiditious name or place of residence, every such person so oxFending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if any person shall be found going over any persons going 1 ' 1 U ° °VCr *an<*

lanrl or ground of any person, and shall carry any gun or »;ti.gunjor

net for destroying game, every such person shall be deemed Sn purfSit"*

to be in pursuit of game, and shall be liable to such penalty of S,nle>

as persons found in pursuit of game are by this act subject

to.

CXLII. And be it enacted, That the certificate hereby Certificate! directed to be issued by the clerks of the peace, or their de-puties, in the respective counties, shall not authorize or ena-

4 1 any Hung

tie any person to use any greyhound, hound, pointer, fei-contrary t* ting-dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other EaiMll'"‘ engine for the taking or defirudion of game, at any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any (aw now in being, nor shall give to any person any right to use any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting-dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or defirudion of game, unless such person shall be duly qualified so to do,

under and by virtue of the laws now in being made for the preservation of the game, but shall be liable to the fame penalties in all or any of the said laws contained, as if this act had not been made.

CXLIII. And be it enacted, That no certificate obtain- Certificate* ed tinder any deputation or appointment of a game keeper shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any case whatso- be in force ever, where the person having such. certificate shall have «hich pmt. tiled, or shall use any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting c<J>unly-dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net or other engine for the taking or defirudion of game, out of or beyond the .3 U precincts

264

A.D. 1800. Chap, 10.

ITow pc-jjaltirM-tfpefk* ing game !'-ccuics may be recovered.

juflicis to /wnwion parties.

warrants may be iiTueit Fur levy iilg pC-iinhics and faU in 6 days j

if offender's cannot be found, lie may be committed

’the7 Fortieth Year of George III.

precimfls or limits of the manor or lands for or in respect of which such deputation or appointment was given and made.

CXIIV. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary penalties innofed on any person for any offence against this act, with respect to obtaining a game-license or certificate from any clerk of the peace, to entitle any person to keep or use any dog, gun, net, or other engine, fit for, or commonly tiled for the taking or destruction of game, or to entitle such person to act as a game-keeper, may be sued for, and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin,' by any person suing for them by aiSion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or file shall recovrr any penalty or penalties, shall recover the fame, for his or her own life, with costs of suit: Provided always, That i shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or j:ifiiees of the peace of the county whnein any offence against this a <51, with respect to said offences, game licenses or certificates, shall be committed, and such justice. or justices is and are hereby required, upon information orcomplai.it to him or them made, to summon the party or parties accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, to appear before him or them; and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused, or in default of his, her or their appearance, according to such fumnions, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summnrv way, and upon due proof made thereof, ci her by the voluntary confclliun of the party or parties a ecu led, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue his warrants, under his hand and seal, for the levying the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause falc to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain for a space of time not less than one calendar month, and not exceeding three calendar

i

2 " 0

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

lendar months, unless such penalty shall be foor.er paid n satisfied; and if such person or persons shall find himself

themselves aggrieved by the judgment of any such iullice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture,'together with such colls as shall be awarded in case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at

n - J Appeal to q,

the next general quarter frffions for the county, and finally to fditons. hear and determine the fame; and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such colls occasioned by such appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet-

CXLV. And be it enacted that if any person Hull be sum- rot. penally moned as a witness to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace touching any of the matters and things *j«> not herein contained, either on the part of the prosecutor or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his or her neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the profocution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein before directed far the railing and levying the said last mentioned penalty of twenty paunds.

CX’LVI. And be it enacted, That the j uflice or justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of voids to the fame effect, mutatis mutandis, and that such form of conviction shall be deemed legal; that is to say,

Re it rememh'e'rrd, that on the day of

w the year of our Lord at in the aunty rurmofcoo-

J , vidun.

'f - A. B came I fare me C D. on: vf

hs Majestys justices of the pease for the fat'd county, rejtding mar the place -where the ffettee was committed, and informed me dial E. F of on the

day of n-iv iefl paf, did life a gun, d g, net.

' ether engine (as the case may he) far the taking or deJhueJi-V'ol. XX. g X on

I

266 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. -on -of game, and Hi thereby and therewith take, kill, and

i boo. defray a hare or other game (as the case may be) [here ' ft forth the faB for which the information was laid] with-out having the cert if cate required by law for that purprfe, whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summomi to answer the said charge, appeared before me, and having hard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence-or (as the case may happen to be) did not appear before me pursuant to the said J'ummns, or did neg/eff and refife to make any defence against the said charge, but the fame being fully proved upon the oath of G. H. a credible wilness, or (as the case may happen to be) acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it manfejlly appeared to me that he the said E. F. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said information-, I do therefore hereby conviB him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, according to the form of the salute in that caje made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day of

jna:«s CXLVII. Provided nevertheless, that it shall and maybe -lawful for fuel) justice or justices, where he or they flrall fee as heron- cause, to mitigate and lefifen any such penalties, as he or they shall think fit, reasonable cods and charges of the officers and infotmers, as well in making the-discovery, as in prosecuting the fame, being always over and above such mitigated penalty, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over cnd above the said cofis and charges, any thing herein con-ronvtaion tained to the contrary notwithstanding, and no such con--"IT v'^'on shall be removed by certiorari into any court what-

Cerliorttri. foe [

Persons CXLVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or per-tiling done' suns (halh at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in raj-pUJUic pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter or thing herein scl,t contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for

his

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such mblc cc,ft‘

plaintiff or plaintiffs. CXLIX

to defendant, if plaintiff be nuu-suited.

And be it enacted, That where it lira 11 appear fcc.

to the commissioners, upon oath or affirmation, or other wise,

(and which oath or affirmatic

cond't'ons

the said commissioners are

ers may order

hereby respectively empowered to administer) that any in- inltrmneiiu flrument whatsoever hath not been engrossed on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly stamped, either by accident or inadvertency, or from urgent necessity or unavoidable cir- "

cunillances, and without any intention in any party to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of the duty chargeable upon such instrument, and such instrument shall, within sixty days from the execution thereof, be brought to the commissioners to the head stamping office in the city of Dublin to be stamped, and shall pay the duty chargeable upon such instrument had it been stamped before it was engrossed or written upon, it shall and may be lawful for such commissioners to remit the penalty payable on stamping such instrument, or any part thereof, and to cause such instrument to be stamped with the proper {lamp, and every perl'on concerned in engrafting any such inflru-ment, or executing the fame, shall he indemnified from all penalties 'on account thereof.

CL. And be it enacted, That all and every person or PersonsK-persons who obtained and took out a license or licenses, tnUimy"1"1 to enable him or them to deal in lottery tickets in the I11*?'!,!'1,

J lilt Ln'hlot-

last Irish lottery, which commenced drawing on the twen- toy.miydcai ticth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and [.Iteeiy* ninety-nine, shall be considered as having obtained and taken out a license to enable him and them to deal in

ilmv'.ttg 3 I

lottery tickets in the English lottery, which commenced March, isooj drawing on the third day of March, one thousand eight hundred, shall be freed from all penalties incurred, or to be incurred by him or them for dealing, or having dealt in lottery tickets in said English lottery, as fully, and in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if he

5 X a or

268 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or they had actually obtained and taken out alicenseor 1800. licenseg to enable him or them to deal in lottery tickets in raid Englifl) lottery.

No more than. 20I, to be paid on an employment of 2 Del. a year, and 5). on every addition! JOOL

CL1. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any grant of any office or employment which shall be of the value of two hundred pounds per annum, with a duty of more than twenty pounds in the wh£le, and a further duty of five pounds upon every such grant for every one hundred pounds exceeding two hundred pounds per annum, notwithstanding that any such grant or grants shall be written on more than one skin of parchment. I

I

SCHEDULES

The Fortieth Year of George III.

269

A.D. 1800.

SCHEDULES of the several Duties to he paid on every Skin or *8oo. Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper, on which shall he engrailed or written or printed, any of the Articles, or Things therein set forth.

"|"TtOH every (kin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece jjf* or '.fret of paper, or which shall lie engrailed, or written,

or printed, the following articles, the duties following shall -be respectively paid.

SCHEDULE A.

ARTICLES. Duties.

Any license to keep a lottery office For and upon every license to any person to keep one or more printing press, or prefles, the sum of Every patent for an archbishoprick Every patent for a dukedom Every patent for a marquisate Every patent for an eatldom Every patent for a vifeotmt Every patent for a bishoprick Every patent for a barony Every patent for a baronetage Any grant or letters patent under the great fenl of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty, or privilege to auy person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, not hereby otherwise charged, commissions of rebellion in process always exempted Any presentation or donation which shall pass the great 1’cjI of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made by any archbishop or bishop, of any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesnstical promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds Anti a further duty upon every such presentation or donation at the rate of five pounds for every one Vol. XX. g Y hundred

£ /. A

5° 0 0

5 0 ©

ICO 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

lS° 0 0

5° 0 0

TOO 0 0

5° 2 0

20 o e

S o c

fit

The Fortieth ear oj George III.

ARTICLES.

hundred pounds, exceeding the firit one hundred pounds a year, the value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop, bishop, or vicar-general of the diocese: provided always, that two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be deemed and taken to he one benefice only.

Any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice,.or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord arch-bishop'of Armagh, or mailer of the faculties for the dine being Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding fifty pounds, and not exceeding one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or liicccllors, of any fnm of money exceeding one hundred pounds, and not exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pals the great leal of Ireland And a further duty of five pounds on every such grant for every one hundred pounds exceeding two hundred pounds.

Any grant of any office or employment.which shall be of the value of two hundred pounds per annum -

And a further duty of five pounds upon every such grant for every one hundred pounds pir Annum ex7 ceeding two hundred pounds per annum.

Any grant of an escheatorfiiip Any adtnifiion of any fellow of the college of pliy-licians, or of any clerk, advocate, proilor, notary, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer he an annual officer itt any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, and other perquilitcs, or any appeal from the court of admiralty or prerogative court, or . any archiepil'copal court -

I Any

270

A.D. 1800. Chap. 10.

Duties. £ ! d.

85 0 0

4 6 S 20 0 0

2000 20 0 0

Fhe Fottieih Fear of George III. ij f

A.D. 1800.

ARTICLES. Duties. 'S00-

Chap. 10.

£ t. (f.

/in7 admiffl.jn of any student into the society of

Ring's imis - . ao o o

Any admission of any barriller inio the inns of court - - - 20 o 0

Any pardon .(except the pardons passed in firma pauperis) of or for any crime or offbrice, or of any money or forfeiture whatfsever, or any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal pu-nishment, or any other forfeiture Any grant of any land in fee, lease for years, or other gram or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pals the great leal of the exchequer (cujlodiam leases excepted;

Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney And a further duty on the fame Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to a notary publick Any admi/Con of an attorney or proctor into every court into which he shall be admitted an attorney or proctor -

Every admission of a solicitor in the court of chancery

Every license to any person to act as a notary-

pulilick

Any co.niniltion that shall be issued from any court whatsoever for taking affidavits Any exemplification, of what nature soever, that shall pals the seal of any court whatl'ocver, not hereby otherwise charged Any inffitution that shall pah the seal of any arch-bishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or ec-ctefiastical court whatsoever, provided that an in-ftirmion to two or more benefices episcopally united, shall he considered as an inffitution to a single benefice Any writ of covenant for levying a fine Any writ of entry for fuss'ering a common recovery 3?*

4 6

3 5°

5 o o 700

500

300 300 1 a91 s o

0150

o o o o 0 0 Any

1

I

The Fortieth Year of George III.

272

A.D. 1800.

Chap. to.

ARTICLES.

Any. army lift, except such as'shall he published'With the approbation of the lerd lieutenant general, or general governor of this kingdom for the time being

Any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or othei deeds Whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of- the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any court of reeved whatsoever, except alignments of judgments Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal Any sentence that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or any attachment (except in suits for recovery of teamens’ wages) that shall he made out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation of any such attachment Any- commission ilined our of ar,y ecclesiastical court not herein before particularly charged Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the ' court of admiralty, except in suits for- recovery of fc.i mens’ wages Any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds,

- and not of the value of one hundred pounds

If of the value, of one hundred pounds, and not of the value of three hundred pounds Ilf of the value of three hundred,pounds, and not of

- the value of six hundred, pounds

If of the value of six hundred pounds, and not of the value of one thousand pounds If- of the value of one thousand pounds, and not of the value of- two thousand pounds If of the value of 'two thousand pounds, and not of the value of five thousand pounds If of the value of five thousand pounds, and not of the value of- ten thousand pounds . And if of the value of ten thousand pounds Any writ of error, certiorari., or appeal, except to the delegates

Any

Duties. £ e.

0 10 0

too

0 i.a 6

010 0 076

076

0100

1 0 c

2 0 c

3 ’c 40# 6 o c

800 10 o 0

0 10 0

The For.thth Year of George III.ARTICLES.

Any receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other testamentary instrument, or for any share or part of a performl estate, divided by force of the statufe of distributions, the amount v.’hereot mail be of the value of ten pounds, and not of the value of twenty.pounds, except such legacies js should be left to the wife, children, or grand children of the person making futli will- or testamentary-instrument, or shall be dividedamong them by force of the said statute Where the amount thereof shall be' of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to fifty pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount -thereof shall be of the value of fifty pounds, and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid 'Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one hundred pounds, and not amounting to three hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of three hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of five hundred pounds, and not amounting to one thousand pounds

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one thousand pounds, and not amounting to two thousand pounds

And a further duty of twenty pounds for every one thousand pounds, exceeding the ium of one thousand pounds.

Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants, or agreements, statute-staple, or statute-merchant, or entry of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by any person applying for licenses to fell by retail, beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which re-Vol. XX. 3 Z cognizances

Duties. £ d-

m

A.D. 1800.

xSco. Chap, io.

050

0100

0150

2 0 0

4 0 0

10 O O'

20 O O

274 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800. Chap. 10.

ARTICLES.

cognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly; and except re-

cognizances on an appeal from any decree or difinifs made or pronounced by any assistant barritter in their respective counties, or by the recorder of the city of Dublin

Any record of nisi prius, or pojtea

Every judgment whatsoever under one hundred pounds which shall be signed by the matter of any office, or his deputy or Tecondary, or by any prothonotary or his secondary, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the coons of the city of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or shall sign judgments -

Every such judgment which shall be for one hundred ' pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds

And a further duty of six pence for every one hundred pounds for which such judgments

shall be signed exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds.

" Any cijiodium under the seal of the exchequer, grounded in an outlawry in any civil action

1 Any marriage license to be issued from the court of prerogative

Any bill, snswer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatorus, dcpofi.ions taken by commissioners, or any pleadings whatsoever in thr court of chancery, or exchequer, save

and except exceptions to answers filed' in the said courts

Any indenture, lease, release, or deed poll, not otherwise charged, except indentures of apprenticeship where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, such 6 apprentice

Duties.

£ s. 1

0 5 0

O 10 0

o 5 0

o 10 0

05c

2 5 ('

o 4

The Fortieth Year of George III. 2 75

A.D. 1800.

ARTICLES.

apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding poor parish, or other children supported by public or private charities, and also except indentures for binding apprentices to attornies or publick notaries Any charter party, policy of insuranc e pass-port, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, warrant of attorney, (except warrants of attorney and letters of attorney not hereby otherwise charged) or any other notarial aft Any petition in any court of law or equity Any letter of attorney empowering any person to receive rents Any letter of attorney empowering any person to execute leases Any admission into any corporation or company

For every /licet of any decree or dismissal made by or in the court of chancery For every (licet of any decree or dismissal made by or in the court of exchequer Any special bail to be taken in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court whatsoever Any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that shall be made on such bail Any affidavit, (except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, affidavits relative to criminal prosecutions, to road preferments, or accounting for the publick money, affidavits made for the purpose of regillcring freeholds, and all affidavits to be made bc-3 Z a fore

Dutir.s.

£. s. i.

iSco. Chap. io.

o 5

o + o

0 Z 6

1 29

Sir 6 oio o o i 6 0 + 0

oio

oio

Duties.

i-The, Fortieth ’ Year of George III.

'A RTICL.ES.

£- ' I

' fore, any justice or justices of the peace,

or before a magistrate of any corporation -. acting as a-justice of the peace, and affida-

vits to be taken by a magistrate. acting ia any court of conscience, or of summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize,

or commission of oyer and terminer, rela-

tive to prosecutions or trials on indictments,

- or to civil bills, or that, shall be- made-for the purpo.fe of railing or accounting for the publick money, and except affidavits made

relative to the hempen or linen, manufac-

tures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the-trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpike, or affidavits made before

the Dublin Society,) by the sheet - o i a

Any copy of such affidavit which shall be read . in any court_whatsoever, by the Ihcet - . - o o

Any original writ, subpoena, writ -oi Habeas Corpus, writ of Capias. gtuominus, writ of Delimits Poiejlatenu - to take answers, ex-. amine witnesses, or appoint, guardians, or any other writ whatsoever,- or any other . process- or mandate that (ha-11 issue out . of, or pass the seal of any of - the courts of the city of Dublin, or any other court ’ whatsoever, holding plea,--where the debt . or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the - thing in demand is of that - value - - - o '(

-Any entry of any. aiftion in the mayor’s or sheriff’s courts in the city of Dublin,-and in courts of all corporations, and in all other courts whatsoever, out of which no >.

writs, process, or mandate issue,*.holding

pica.

The Fortieth Year of George 1-11-

ARTICLES. Duties.

277

A.D. 1 S'oo. Chap. to.

plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above - o Any role or order, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which re-, late to the presentments made or given in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, either courts of law or equity, which shall be taken out - - o

Any copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to presentments entered, or the copies of any other record or proceedings in any of the said courts of the said city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged - - o

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence, or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, of ‘the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively, shall be engrossed, or written, except in suits for the recovery of seamen’s wages - o

Any warrant to any attorney or solicitor, to appear for any plaintiff or defendant, in any action or suit at law, or in equity, and to prosecute or defend such action or suit, or to confess judgment thereon o Any contract, bond, or other obligatory in-llrument, not herein otherwise charged, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum not amounting to one hundred pounds - - - o

Any contract, bond, or other obligatory in-firument, not herein otherwise charged,

j. d.

i o

i ®

I e

r o

2 o

I o

con-

2y 8

A.D. 1800. Chap. 10.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ARTICLES. Duties.

£ i. 1

conditioned for the payment of any principal sum amounting to one hundred pounds, and not amounting to two hundred pounds Any contrail, bond, or other obligatory instrument, not herein otherwise charged, conditioned for the payment of anyprin-cipal sum amounting to two hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred pounds Any contrail, bond, or other obligatory instrument, not herein otherwise charged, conditioned for- the payment of any principal sum amounting to five hundred pounds, and not amounting to one thousand pounds Any contrail, bond, or other obligatory -in-. flrurnent, not herein otherwise charged, conditioned for the payment of any principal sum amounting to one thousand pounds, or upwards '

Any bond on the exportation of goods or merchandizes intitled to bounty, drawback, or -allowance of duties Every other bond not herein before charged Any memotial of any deed, conveyance, will, or devise, which shall be registered'in "the public office for registering such memorials, or shall be entered in any of the courts of record in this kingdom (except memorials of demises, and except memorials of assignments of judgments, for any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds,) above all other duties payable thereon Any memorial of any detnife, or of an agreement to demises or of an assignment of a judgment for any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds

026

o 5 0

o 10 c

1 o 0

020

026

o t o 0

9

Each

026

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

a;y

A.D. 1800.

ARTICLES. Dcties.

£ s 1

Each and every exception or exceptions to any answer filed in any court of

equity in this kingdom - 026

And a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every ninety words which each and every exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words.

And a further duty upon each and every exception, over and above the first ten -exceptions." - - - 040

And a further duty upon the fame, after the rate of two shillings and sixpence for every ninety words which each and every such exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words.

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or any pleading whatsoever, in any court of law - - 0 2 0

Any er-py of any will attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical court - 003

Any copy of any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law 003

Any depositions taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositions taken by virtue of any commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein before charged - - - 003

Any copy of arly bill, answer, pica, demurrer, replication, ' rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any court of equity

4 A 2

Every

o

° 3

a8o

A.D. 1800.Chap. 10.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

Every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time less than a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any one fiieet or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards bound or separated into leaves Every other almanack or calendar for any particular year Every almanack or calendar made to serve for several years, the respective rates of And far every such year as aforesaid

Every Dublin directory

Every paper containing publick news, intelligence or occurrences Every such paper which shall be published once in every week, and not oftener Any bill of lading which shall be signed for any goods exports'! -

Any instrument intitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares, and merchandizes, to any drawback or bounty on exporting the fame Any license for retailing wine, beer, ale, spirits, or -cider, or tea and groceries, or any license to manufacture or deal in any tobacco, or for manufacturing candles or soap for sale, or for felling or manufacturing paper hangings, or for felling or making gold or silver plate for sale, or for felling home-made spirits as a factor, or by wholesale, or for keeping a coffcc-house, or for selling by retail or otherwise dealing in coffee, or for keeping a tan-yard, or tan-pit for dressing hides or skins in oil, or for making vellum or parchment, or for keeping a malt house, or making malt for sale, or for felling by auflion, or for making glass bottles

Any

Duties.

£ ' 1

O O 2

006

006 006 0 0 2

0 0 2

004

0 06

001

O O I

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ARTICLES. Duties.

Any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft or order, where the sum therein expressed shall not exceed ten pounds (except promissory notes for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings patted for tyther, or for money lent on charitable loan) - o

Where the sum expressed therein shall exceed ten pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds - tr

Where the sum expressed therein shall exceed fifty pounds, and flia.il not exceed one hundred pounds - o

And where the sum expressed therein shall exceed one hundred pounds - O

Any receipt or other discharge, given on the payment of money amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds - o

Where the sum shall amount to twenty pounds, and not exceed fifty pounds o

And where the sum: nil exceed fifty pounds o For . very advert! lenient to be contained or published in any uaxette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to he published wo’kIv or oftener, or in any other printed n.:.vr or pamphlet difperud or made public, yi...rlv, monthly, or at any other interval of time, or in any hand-bill con-tui'iing more tlnn one advertisenrent, a nets of - - - O

And a further duty for the fame, after tho rate of one shilling for every trn lines every fuel', adveriifemcn! shall contain over and above the first ten lines, no such line to exceed twenty m’s »f the letter called long primer, or two inches and Vol. XX. 4 II

r. d.

» 3 o 6

I <9

i 6

o 4 o 6

t

a$i

A.D. 1800. Chap, to.

three

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ARTICLES

three quarters of an inch \ and if fitch advertiseirent shall be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, then treble the duties aforesaid shall be paid for it.

For every pamphlet or paper not exceeding fix (beets in octavo, or in a longer page, and not exceeding twelve (heets in quarto, or twenty (beets in folio, a duty after the rate of two shillings for every (licet of any kind of paper contained in one printed copy or impression thereof.

For all insurances for insuring. houses, furniture, merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, a duty after the rate of one shilling for every o-ne hundred pounds insured thereby.

For all insurances upon any life or lives, or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of, or other perils at fca, a duty be paid after the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every one hundred pounds'iufured thereby.

Every certificate to entitle a person to kill game -

Every day’s account, or abstract of every day’s account of imports or exports, included in every publication thereof, printed or published by any person not authorized to print the fame

281

A.D. 1H00. Chap. io>

Duties. £' s. d.

2 5 6

0 0 i

SCHEDULE

The Fortieth Year of George III. 2§^,-

A. a

SCHEDULE B.

Chap. to.

ARTICLE Si ' Di/TtE*.

Every summons or process whereby the defendant or defendants shall be required to appear or answer the plaintiff’s bill, or to appear before any recorder, assistant barrister, seneschal or Reward of a manor court, or other judge or officer in every proceeding in a summary way, by civil bill

Upon every copy of every fuel] summons Every decree to be made or pronounced by every assistant barrister, at the sessions of the peace, or adjournments thereof, in causes heard by civil bill, where the sum recovered shall be under five pounds Every decree to be made or pronounced by every assistant barrister, at the sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, where the sum decreed to be recovered shall amount to five pounds or upwards, but not amount to ten pounds Every such decree where the sum decreed to be recovered shall amount to ten pounds and upwards Every dismiss made or pronounced by such assistant barrister Every renewal of a decree or dismiss, made or pronounced by such assistant barrister, whether the fair! decree or dismiss were pronounced by a judge of assize or assistant barrister

Every recognizance on an appeal from any decree or dismiss made or pronounced by such assistant barrister Every decree or dismiss made or pronounced by the seneschal or steward of every niar nor court in any proceeding by civil bill

£ s. J,

o o 4

o T i

0 2 2

a 4. 6

076

04a

o 1 6

026

4 B 2

016

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

£84

CHAP. . XI.

An 4Ei to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of hit Msjef/s h’e/gn, entitled. An Act for continuing and -amend'Kg the several Ac, s for the further Improvement and Exltijun of the Fisheries on'-ihe Coafs of this Kingdom.

7huvft!ay lbs tenth day of April* methousand right hundred, royal ajfenl given.

JOHN GAYER,'D. CLER. PARI.

Cos (I fishery act 36 O’ 3* shall be in force until 25 March* jSoi, and cud of next

fvflion*

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the continuing and amending the feverat acts for the further in pi cvemcut and extenfton of thef tileries of the coafs of th'r k>ngd m, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and omfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and con'inue to be of; m,;c until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand nji: hundred and one, anrl from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XII.

An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clo'hing of the Mili’ia for one Tear, from the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

Thursday lb: tmlb day ef el pit, on: thufaml ei-ht hundred, Royal Cjfcnl riv.-u.

JOIIK CAVER, D. Cine RARU

freambl;. IT WHEREAS it is necessary that provision should be made for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in this kingdom for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall issue in money the furas required to the agent or agents, or clerk or clerks of such regiments or battalions of militia as shall He raised, which he is to apply in the manner, and for the several uses herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each adjutant, from the date of his commission, where an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one shilling and one penny for each serjeant from the day of his enlistment, with the addition of two shillings and fix-pence-a week for each serjeant-major and quarter-master serjeant, where a serjeant-major and quarter-master-serjeant are appointed; and at the rate of eight-pence a day for each drummer from the date of his en-liftment, with the addition of six-pence a day for each drum-tnajor, where a drum-major is appointed; and at the rate of eight-pence a day for each corporal from the date of his enlistment; and also at the rate of four-pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent apences of each regiment and battalion of militia, one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expencqs of each regiment or battalion during the time of the men’s being front home, upon account of their annua] exercise, and also for half, a year’s salary for the clerk of each rfgjme.o.t or battalion of militia belonging to fuqh county, or county of a city, at the rate of fifty pounds a year.

II. And be it enacted, That all fitch Turns of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury into the hands of the agent or agents, clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such counties, or county of a city or town, -upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to them, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or where there is no colonel, under the hand and seal of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia for such county, county of a city or town; and such lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of such first payment, make a second payment for four calendar

brds of the treasury to i.7ue money to agent* or clerks of regiments, viz. 4 months pay in advance, at 6s. per day for each adjutant, and is* id. for each serjeant; and 2$. 6d. per week, addU tioin! for salt, major, and QJJ. feijeapt drummer 8d, a day, addil

from iio.ti.y and for half a year’s laiaiy to clerk, at yoL a veil'

M >ney to be paid i»y lord* of treasury, upon agent or clerk pio-ducing war-taut of ap* poifUmcnl

and payment, to be made within 14 days after 3d month from ill payment, for months in advance;

tingencita,

&c.

receipt of agent or cleric fitifi. cieac.

Agent to j)’ay'i month in advance to adjutant$

486 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

months in advance; and shall also, within fourteen days Clr °i2 a^er- l^e exP'ration °I three calendar months from the time of such second payment, make a third payment for four ca-fnadvante""1 ^en(^ar months in advance, for the pay and contingent ex-fm pay, con- pences of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or batralion clerk or clerks 'aforesaid-, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of such agent or agents, or clerk or clerks, shall- be a futlicient discharge to such the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the several Anns of money so by them paid.

III. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or causeto be paid one calendar month’s pay in advance, to the adju-tocaptain, tant of such regiment or battalion respectively, and to the forftrjcants^ captain or officer commanding each company belonging to cwporah’1"1' re8’ment or battalion, two months pay in advance for the like for the serjeants, drummers, and corporals; and also to the of-anddrum-1 ^cer commanding the company to which the serjeant-majar: 3nd drum-major shall belong, two months pay in advance

for such serjeant and drum-major, and so from time ta time as long as any money on that account shall remain in- his bcdiSnbutoi bands; which pay every such captain or officer commanding by officers in is hereby required to diflribute to each person belonging to his msnncrf company-by this act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due in pursuance of this act, according to the following form:

County

Tbs Fortieth Year of George III.

County of the lords conn sioners. of his i jesty’s -treasury, the case (lla'll

for two months in advance,

Dr. j Per Contra.

1 r . r ’ ‘ ' 'f Paid Serjeant for days pay, from the day of to the day of following.

C. 1 Ditto, as serjeant-major, (if one in the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay, -from the day of to the day of - following,

Paid drummer, days, at fer from the day of to the day of following,

Ditto, as drum-major, (if one in the company)

Paid drummer, days, from the day of to the day of following.

Paid corporal, days, from the day of to the day of , following.

4 C 2

And

a88

A.D. 1800.

lioo.

surplus lube paid back.

Nil pay to be issued for serjeantsor (bummers discharged, or nut approved.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

And shall pay tack to the said clerk, or to the lords cotn-missioners of his Majesty's treasury, (as the case shall be,) the surplus, if any, by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That in case the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, shall certify in-writing to the agent or clerk of the fame, that he had discharged any serjeant or drummer as unfit for the service, that in such case no pay be issued for the person so discharged, until another be duly appointed by him, and that no payment be made to any serjeant or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not previoofly been approved of by the -commanding officer, in case of vacancy by death, or otherwise.

Agent or ,y. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each

Clerk tupay

yearly id.ptr regiment or battahon'of militia, out of the money hereby SforVof"- d're<3ed to be issued and paid to'him, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment or battalion, shall yearly,

vateand and every year, pay to the colonel, or officer commanding whilst from such regiment or battalion, one penny a month for each pri-hume; vate man and drummer^ for defraying the hospital expellees of each respective company of such regiment or battalion, during the time of the men’s being abflmt from home, upon account of their annual exercise; and shall from time to time, issue out and pay such sums of ..money as may be nc- cefTatyfor the repair of arms, and the-carriage and removal thereof, upon an order in writing, signed by the colonel, or and mate up officer commanding such regiment or battalion; and after -ir 'payment of such sums as shall be so ordered by such colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid, to be paid, he shall yearly, and every year, make up an account -of all such money, and the expenditure thereof, and of the balance rebalance to mainingiin'-his hands; which said balance shall form a flock' purfc; . purse for the use of - the regiment; -an,d he shall transmit such account to account to the colonel, or commanding officer of such regi-to command- ment or -battalion, to -be by him examined, allowed and vduclfwhcn ^gncc^) and the account so allowed and signed, shall be, h^ftaitbe and-is hereby directed to be the proper voucher and acquittal the proper of such agent or clerk, for the application and disposal of

voucher. {

such money.

and la issue money for r epair of arms,.See.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the governor or governors, or deputy-governors, at a general meeting to be held for any county, county of a city, or town, shall have fixed the days of exefeife for the militia, the colonel, or commanding officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, specifying the number of men, and the number of days such men are to be absent from home, on account of such exercise, not exceeding in the whole twenty-eight days; and the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury- are hereby required, within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate, to iffne and pay to the agents or clerks of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of ten shillings per day for the captain of each company; and at the rate of five shillings and eight-pence per day for each lieutenant not holding a second commission in the regiment or battalion; and of four shillings anil eight-pence per day for each ensign not holding -asecond commission in the regiment or battalion; but if any of the lieutenants or ensigns of the regiment or battalion shall hold a second commission in the lame, then the pay of tuch lieutenant or ensign shall be at the rate of four shillings and eight pence per day for the lieutenant, and of three shillings and eight pence per day for the ensign; and also at the rate of onfe (lulling per day for each private militia man, for the number of'days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion agents, or clerks, are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments or battalions, the proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and like wife the pay belonging to their respective companies.

VI], And be it further enacted, That the captain of each-company shall make up an account of ail monies received and paid by him on account of such exercise, according to the following form

89

A.D. 1800. Chap. I?.

When governor;, ip. point days of tf'.crcife, the comr.i.jhdiii#

officer shall certify to Jorcb of tteafury, the number of men and days not exceeding 28 daysj lords of treasury to ijTne as fob Imvi, iviiliiu 14 days; for cadi cap . Uii let. a dayj

lieutenant holding a second com* minion,

8d. otherwise 4s. 8d. ensign wot holding1 a second coimmf* lion .(* 8d. otherwise

31. Kd. private 10. for each day from home;

captains to he paid for their rofpc&tve companies*

Captain’s

account.

+ d

Couaty

290 The Fortieth Year -of George III. A.D. 1800.

County of Dr. Per Contra.

itloo.

Chap. To caffi received of By my pay as captain

the regimental or batta-

lion agent, or clerk, or Paid lieutenant

' the lords commissioners Paid ensign

' of his Majesty's trea-

fury, (as the case shall Paid militia men

he,) for days pay

of men days,

SCCOMit signed and counter-figued j

Account and balance to be given within 10 days to agent.

"Where militia is call, d to actual fer-' vice, and entitled to pay like other regiments, all oilier pay ftiali eeafe$

also allowance to agent or clerk until disembodied.

Out of duties granted this session, 77.>tSgzl.t6f. yd. may hit iflWd for the; militia.

‘ Regimental accounts once a year.

Which account shall be signed by said captain, and coun-tersigned by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, within ten days after the time such exercise shall be finirtinl, deliver such account, and pay the balance \if there be any due), to the regimental or battalion agent, or clerk, and such accounts shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any regiment or battalion of militia is, or shall be embodied, and called out into actual- service, whereby the officers and private militia-men shall be entitled to the fame pay as the officers and private men in his Majesty's regiments of font, all pay as aforesaid, whether to the adjutants, ferjemts, private militia-men, or others, and all money ailo-.vidas aforesaid, for the contingent expences of such regiment or battalion of-militia; and also the allowance to the agent or clerk of such regiment or battalion shall, -during such time of actual service, and until such regiment or battalion l!w!l be disembodied and return home, cease, and not be paid, -IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the duties and aids which have been or shall be granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during this session of parliament, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum not exceeding the sum of seven hundred and seventy-four thousand eight hundred and ninety-two pounds sixteen shillings and seven-pence, for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the several counties and counties of cities and towns in this kingdom.

X. And be it enacted, That the colonel or clerk to every regiment or battalion of militia, shall once in every .2 yew

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

year return accounts in writing in like manner as agents of the several regiments of cavalry and infantry.

XI. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom in council, to raise, embody, or continue the militia in any county or counties, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to forbid the railing, aflem-Iding, or embodying of the militia of such county or counties, and to stay all proceedings therein for such time as shall be deemed expedient.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, cofis, and charges of suits, and all sums of money for which any person or persons is or are by this act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, by action of debt, plaint, or information, wherein ilo essoign, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

Penaltiei, &c. nay be recovered in nnv conn of uc'rtl in Dublin.

Tliia act may be repealed or altered.

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

Th.ufikx the Tenth (say of Act i/, One tloifstu! eight lunfrtdy Jioyai AJfir.t gtvio.

JOHH CAYER, V. CLtK. PAUL.

WHEREAS an act which passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for facilitating the trade and intercturfe between this kingdom and the united fates of America, was by luhfcquent acts continued to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred 2‘o Oco. 3. and ninety-nine: And whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued for a limited time: be it enacted March, 1801. by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad-+ D a vice-

1

2C)2 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. -vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the ' ’ authority of the same, That the said act, and all and every

the clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one.

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for ascertaining the Stock of Foreign Wines belonging tt Dealers in and Sellers of such Wines on the twenty fjlh of March, One thousand eight hundred, and for feat ring certain Duties of Excise thereon, and for granting to his Majesty a further Duty on Rum imported, and certain Duties on the Exportation of certain Goods to the British Plantations in America and the West Indies, in Lieu of all other Duties.

Thurslay tie Tenth day of /prii, One thousand eight hundred, Royal AJfnt ghat,

JOHN" GAYER, D CLU. PARL.

IVcanibIc.

2i)ca!ers m foreign wine shall make returns of (lock In their possenion, or in polkflion ofotliers for them on 25

March, 1 Koo,

within 7 days nfter passing this act, verified by oath or affirmation.

1 OR ascertaining the flock of all foreign wines belonging to all dealers in, and fellers of foreign wines, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and for securing the-cluties of excise payable to his Majesty thereon; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every dealer in, and retailer of foreign wine, who shall have had on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, any foreign wine in his possession,- in any ware-house, itorc-hottfc, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, or shall have any such wine in his Majesty's (lores, or in the possession of any other person, for his or her use, shall within seven days from and after the passing of this act, deliver at the office of the collector of excise of the distrifl in which such wine shall be, a just, true, and particular account in writing of the quantity of all the foreign wine which shall on the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, have been in the custody or possession of such dealer in, or retailer of foreign wine, in every such ware-house,

ilore-house,

The Fortieth Year of George IF.

flore-house, Toom, shop, cellar, vault, or other place, or be, or have been in Ms Majesty's flores, or be, or have been in the possession of any other person, for Iris or her ofc, describing the places in winch the same shall be, and the situation thereof, and distingui filing such foreign wines from each other, according to (lie true -denomination thereof, under the following descriptions of French red wine, and French white wine, in case the fame be French wine, and of foreign red wine not French, and foreign white wine not French, in case the same shall be foreign wine, other than French wine, and shall ma'ke oath, or if a qua her, a solemn affirmation before any chief commissioner or fub-commissioner of cxeife, that such account is a Ituc, just, and perfect account of all such wines as aforesaid, which oath or affirmation any such coonniUioner or fub-commissioner is hereby authorized to administer, and every fuel) dealer and retailer who shall neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered such account, and to make such oath or affirmation, or who shall deliver, or cause to be delivered any false account, shall forfeit the Aim of five hundred pounds, and all fuel) foreign wine, of which such account shall not be delivered, or of which any false account shall be delivered, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels and packages containing the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of exerfe, and all wine in bottles (La'll be accounted for, according to the number of bottles, without expref-iing the number dt gallons which they contain.

II. And be it enacted, That all wines, which before the fail twenty-fifth day of March, one thou find eight hundred, have been imported, the duties payable on the import of which shall not have been fully paid and discharged on or before the said day, shall he considered as wines remaining in his Majesty's stores on the said day, and shall be comprised in such account, and the proprietor thereof shall be subject to the said duty of excise.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of excise, as soon after the twenty-fifth day of March, and before the twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, as conveniently may be, in the day time, upon his or their rccpicft, to enter into all or any of the tvare-houses, store-houses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, Vo*. XX. 4 Ji and

Wmct to he (Me '-bed u> deco ints.

500l. penalty for not dc-liveiing stich account, <ir dtli'cringa false (»c, tmd all wine, \c. foi fitted.

Bottled wise acctainktlfor according to bullies.

Wine imported before 25 March null be fob-jed to excite duty.

Oflicen may enter v.itdu, fire, between 25 March and 25 June,

1 Boo,to lake account*, as herein.

294 Fortieth tear of George III. A.D. 1800.

and other places made use of by any dealer in, or feller of so-1800. tcign wine, whether by wholesale or retail for keeping rvine, and into any place where any wine belonging to any dealer in, or retailer of wine shall be, and by tasting, gauging, or Otherwise, to take an account of the quantity and quality of all the wine which shall bein'hisor hercustody, or in thepof-session of any other person for his dr her use in any calk, or.in any vessel except bottles; and also to take an account ' of the wine which shall be at any time in his or her custody Officers not jn bottles in any other manner than by tasting the fame, or by

t- uffic but-;

tlcduiuc. linC :orking or opening the bottles containing such wine; and

if any officer of excise shall on demand made at any warc-

house, store-house, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place,

and made use of by any such dealer or feller, or retailer,

or at any place where any wines belonging to such dealer,

Teller, or retailer shall be, not be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an account of-all wines, or if such

dealer, feller, or retailer, or any person in whose possession

any foreign wines belonging to any such dealer, feller, or

retailer shall be, shall not shew, or cause- to be shewn to

such officer, all the wines in every such place, such dealer,

feller, retailer, or other person into, or at -whose ware-

house or other place, such officer shall not be admitted, or

5oci. penalty not be suffered to take an account of all wines

iorrdulutjrto

fttt-wuinL- lie- therein, or who shall not shew, or cause to be shewn to dcXrfhaan. such officer all his or her flock of wines as aforesaid, shall for every offence or default respectively forfeit five hundred pounds , and any fuel) officer shall and may take an account of the quantity of all such for. igii wines belonging to any "dealer in, or feller of fortign wines, which previous to the said twenly-fifih day of March had been imported, and on which the duties payable on the import thereof ['nail not on or before the said day be paid and discharged.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise, and every such officer officer*may is hereby authorized and empowered to take at any time or

take Camples_‘

of wine ia times a sample or samples Of foreign wine, whether in bot-ties or in calks, or in any other vessel or vessels, paying for pdcc^1 ' t^ie fame for every quart of wine the ufnal price thereof;

and in case any dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, or-any clerk or servant to him or her belonging shallrefine

The Fortieth Year of George IIb

lufe to permit such officer to take fuel) faraple or samples as aforesaid, upon his offering, to pay for the fame after the rate aforesaid, or shall any wife obstruct or hinder him in taking such sample or samples, such dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, shall for each and every such of-A.nee, forfeit the film of one hundred pounds.

V. And for better ascertaining and securing the duties of excise payable to his Majesty on all foreign wines belonging to any dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wines, which shall on the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, be in his Majesty's (lores, or by the provi-li ins of this act confulered so to be, or in the (lores or ware-liuufes of any dealer in, or retailer of foreign wines, or in the possession of any other person or persons for his or her nfe, be it enacted, That ^he officers of excise shall make a return or report in writing to the collector of excise in the ciftrict in which any such foreign wine shall be, of the just quantity of all such foreign wine belonging to any dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine so in his Majesty's {tores as aforesaid, orin the ware-house, flore-house, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places o.f such dealer, feller or retailer, orin the possession of any other person or persons for his or her use, distinguishing such foreign wines in manner aforesaid from each other, and of the duties of excise charged thereon respectively, and setting forth lcparately the quantity and quality of such as shall he in his Majesty's (lores, or confi.lered so to be, and the excise duties thereon; and the sums charged in such return or report* shall he a charge on such dealer, feller or retailer who shall pay excise accordingly, in case such return or report shall not contain a Ids quantity of wines than shall be comprised in the account herein directed to be returned by the dealer in, feller or retailer of wines, otherwise the account given by such dealer, feller or retailer, shall be a charge on him or her, and he or file shall pay excise accordingly.

VI. And be it enacted, That every person chargeable with any of the said duties shall within three months from said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, pay to the collector of excise all such duties of excise as shall have been incurred, or be due by him or her in respect of all wines in his or her possession, or in the possession of any

4 E 2 other

A.D. 1800.

It! 00. Chap. 14.

Officers to mike returns to collector* of excise, as herein directed*

Officers ic*

I urns Hull he clurges on dealers, nn’efs they cimU’iu left? than returns made by dealers.

E’Xifcditty to b.' paid within 3 months from 25 March, 1800, for all wine not in King’s (lores on said day, penalty tool, and duuble duty.

}Co permit until excise fluty is paid.

6 per cent, pet ann. for - duty paid witlun 3 months.

Duty on wines in King’s Hares to be paid before re-, mu\al.

Fine?, &c.

recovered as by 14 and 15 :C. 2, or any other revenue Ja\v; with like remedy of appeal.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

other person or persons, for his or her use, and not inhisMa-jessy’s stores, on the said twenty-fifth day of March, and in default of payment thereof at the time aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and double the amount of the duty so returned.

VII. Provided always, That if the owner of any such wines shall sooner fell and desire to remove the fame, or any part thereof, no permit for the removal thereof shall be granted, unless the said.excise duty thereon shall have been paid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be so charged with, or be liable to the said duties of excise, shall pay the Came, or any part thereof, before the expiration of the said three months, every such person shall be allowed as a discount for prompt payment, -.a sum out of such duties of excise as he or (lie shall so pay after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, for such time as the same shall be paid, before the expiration of the said three months.

IX. And be it enacted, That the excise duties on all wines -whirl] shall be in-his Majesty's flores belonging to any dealer in, or retailer, of foreign wine, shall he paid’before such -wines-shall be removed; and that no wine shall be -removed-out of his Majesty's flores, unless as well the chi- tiesi ir.currecl on the importation thereof, as the said excise .-duties shall have been paid; and all -wines -in his Majesty's -flores belonging-to any such-dealer or retailer, shall be sub-jcdl to the duty of excise on all such wines of such dealer -or retailer, which - under the.provssions of this act shall be . considered 3S wines in his Majesty's litres, on the said twenty-fifth day of March.

X. And be ..it enacted, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and applied, in such.rnanner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as a re; prescribed, directed and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the J'ettlir,g of the excise cr . new impof, upon his Majesj, his heirs and successors, according .- to the book of rates therein inserted, or by any other law or .'.laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and

effectually

Tie Fortieth Year of George III. 297

ctTcctually to all intents, construction's and purposes, as if A.D. the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and I^00, cnaftecl in this act, with like remedy of appeal, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

XI. And towards railing the supply granted to his Mail fly, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March* one thousand eight hundred Silt! one, inclufiv.e, and no longer, there shall be granted, raised, collected, levied and paid to his Majesty, his heirs AnaJJiiiiwal and successors, an additional duty of one (hiding, for am! upon every gallon of rum, or other fuirits, of the u'

1 ‘ °; i tir.fj and an

growth or produce of his Majesty's plantations in Ante- cMneafein

nVa, or the West Indies, which shall be imported into li'i’Ep/,0

ibis kingdom, from and after the twcn'.v-fifih- dav of f'd

5 " Ipirila,

March, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, and so in proportion for any greater or let's qtian-tity-, and for every gallon of i’uch spirits above the quality of single spirits, which Until be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, a further duty on such spirits in proportion to the duty payable for single spitits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to Angle spirits; which said additional duties shall hoover and above all other duties impofui on such spirits, by virtue of an act passed this session of parliament entitled, An lit7 for granting for one year, the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties, payable upon the article; therein specifed, during the Jliid term, and for lig.thiting the trade between this kingdom and his Majesjs colonies, and for other purposes-, or by any other act or acts of parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, the same to be raised, answered, collected, levied and paid by the fame ways, means and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties, forfeitures and powers, and be accounted for unto his Majesty, his heirs and successoTs, in the same manner as the duty payable on the importation of the said goods by virtue of the said receited act, is thereby appointed to be raised. an-Von. XX. 4 F fevered,

Pr.tit’s in annexed lclie-dulc to lie paid on cx-purtlitii ll 10 JjiitiOi plant; tions in Airnica or "Will indies, in 1'V. a all othcic.

Duties marked in Sell*du!e E. in i:ft of this ItHion, C. 4, fir all he paid on exportation of goods not tkferiked in amuxed fcluiltile, to

British settle-inents.

; This act may be ah end or repealed.

5 he Fortieth Year of George III.

fwered, collected, levied, paid, and accounted for, and that the fame shall be subject to drawbacks in the like proportion as by the said recited act are prescribed with respect to the duty on the importation of the goods therein mentioned.

XII. And be it enacted, That for and upon the fc-verai goods, wares, and merchandizes, the growth, produce, or manufacture of this kingdom, mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, which shall be exported from this kingdom during the'time aforesaid, to any of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several duties respectively set forth in the schedule hereunto annexed, which duties shall be in lien and full satisfaction of all duties payable by the said recited act, or any other ad upon the exportation of such goods, wares, and merchandizes, to any of the British plantations in America or the West Indies.

XIII. And be it enacted, That for and upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes, the growth, produce, or manufacture of this kingdom, which during the time aforesaid shall be exported from this kingdom to any of the British plantations in America or the West Indies, and which are not enumerated or described in the said schedule hereunto annexed, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several duties set. forth in the schedule or table E. annexed to (lie said recited a iff passed this session of parliament, entitled, An at! for gran'ing for one year tie fveral duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other doth; payable upon the articles therein ffiectfed during the said tent;, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and ids Majestys colonies, and for other fnrposes therein mutinies.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this act may he altered, varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be mace in this present session of parliament.

A TABLE

The Fortieth Year of George III.

399

A.D. 1800.

1 Soo. Chap. 14.

A TABLE of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of tin’s Kingdom therein enumerated to the British Plantations in America or the West Indies.

SCHEDULE.

OUTWARDS.

Allum, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb.

Cuim' j ^le judder, Winchester measure

Copperas, for every tool, of the value Fur, called grey rabbits fur or coney hair, the pound -

Glue, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb.

Hides, calf skins, kip thins, tanned or tawed, and not circlled in oil, and flicep skins tawed for gloves or li.ilil, the hundred weight

- , drolled in oil, the hundred weight, containing

11elh. -

Hair, harts hair, the hundred weight, containing nelb. -

-—, horse hair, the hundred weight, containing 11elb.

- , cow, or ox hair, the hundred weight, containing 11elb.

- , kids hair, for every ecs. value on oath

—not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited, for every col. of the value Hops, the hundred weight, containing 11 elb.

Holies, marcs, or geidings, each

i' '1 lie ton -

j Ordnance, the hundred weight, containing 11 db.

I Old iron, the ton -

j Anvils, the hundred weight, containing itdb.

I Wrought, viz. adzes, axes, hatchets, armour, - j bits, knives, locks, fowling pieces, muskets,

| pistols, feiflars, llirrups, all carpenters and

~|gravers tools, jack work, doclt work, and all

I ironmongers ware, perfectly manufactured,

the hundred weight, containing 11 elb. j Nails of all forts, the hundred weight, contain-|_ ing 11 alb.

4 F 2 Lapis

Duty.

L S. d.

- I 4

- 2 s.',

6 J I 1

- 4,'o

1 lT,

- 69

1 3 5

- 2 2 is

- 7 "T

2 S-W

- 1 1

6 1

- 1 1%

- 6 4j

- 7 4

- 1 1

- 7 4

- 6a

- JlO

goo ' The 1'ortirtu tar-oj k<tvigc iu.

A.D. 1800.

j.j00> OUTWARDS.

2^Lapiscahmi,aris, the ton - '

Dead, raft cr uncalt, the fodder, containing twenty hundred weight -

- Ore, for every col. of the value

Litharge of lead, the hundred Weight, containing

nalb. -

Logwood, free.

Salt, rock, the buflic-1, containing 651b.

Parchment, the dozen

f Badger, the piece

j Calf, tanned, tawed, cr dressed, (he hundred weight -

Calf dressed in oil, the hundred weight Cat skins, the hundred Coney, dressed or tawed, the 120 skins Black coney skins, with or without silver hairs, for every 120 skins Dog, the dozen

l'ox, the piece -

Kid. in the hair, the hundred skins Kid, dressed, the hundred skins -

Goat skins, tawed, the hundred, containing fix J (core skins -

vT

J3

(JO

- , tanned with (for every fix score

(humack, to resemble -J (kills

Spanish leather /for every pound

e. weight fthe hundred, ’containing fix score i [ tawed and not tanned, or dressed in oil, i j the hundred weight

"I i t- tanned for gloves or baffls, the liun-a|dred weight

[dressed in oil, the hundred weight Otter, raw, the Piece

- , tawed, the piece

Pelts, the hundred, containing five score Sheep. Ikies, tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundredweight

- , tanned for roans and not dressed in

j oil, the hundred weight -

1-----, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Squirrel, the thousand skins Stem, t lie piece -

All pieces or parts of skins, tawed or tanned, and not dressed in oil, for every aos.vahie thereof, on oath -

All pieces or parts of skins, dressed in oil, for every ecs. value thereof, on oath I Ar.d bolides, the hundred weight

Duty.

£ J. (I. — 2 <}

- 1 A-!

1 10 io, J, ~ 9‘"

~ 3 6,*, ___.

___, _____ 0 ,»

t»JO

- Id’;

I 3 10

*— FI-

- 4"

1 >!e

- 4 -11 n.

11 6 1',’

- 1 j

- 3 ! l:.

- 59-

AT

3’

t

- 0 :o Kot

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

OUTWARDS.

" ("Not particularly enumerated, nor prohibited, for

3 j every tool, of the value, on oath

Soap, hard, the hundred weight, containing nalb.

___, the barrel -

Tin, unwrought, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. -

Wool cards, new, the dozen -

_______, old, the dozen

Woollen cloth, white, called broad cloth, the piece

3®?

Duty.

A.D. 1800.

£ s. d. 1800.

Chap. 14.

6 i — 63

- I

- 3 "f Hu

- 44

- S

AN

i*.

If fa Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XV.

An Act for continuing an Act, passed in the thirty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or reftdent therein, in certain cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served, or -are fervtng in Foreign Armies, and for continuing another A3, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder,-and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making and removing, felling and keeping of gunpowder, arms and ammunition, without ' license.

3

A. T5. 1800.

Thursday the tenth day of AJprV, one thousand eighthtindred, Royal dflint given,

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, en-Aiicns aft titled, An act for eflabltshing regulations respecting aliens ar-gmi^om!1 riving in this kingdom, or ref dent therein, in certain cases, cmitimiKi to anc^ subjects of this kingdom, who have served, or are serving sj March, in foreign armies, and also another ad palfed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act to prevent the importation of arms, gunpowder and ammunition into this kingdom, and making, removing, felling and keeping of gunpowder, arms and ammunition Without license-, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirifinal and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said several acts shall be, and continue to be of force from the passing of this act, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors,

Jemal Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commifi fmers fir managing the Stamp Duties.

Thursday the tenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred, Royal Ajftnt given*

JOHN GAYER; D. CLER. PARL,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal ftfbjedts the Preambit, commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise such aids and supplies as may be sufficient to support with honour and dignity your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty‘the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth from i Maj-, day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, in- M°reii,i«oi, dufive, there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Ireland, ["""Sph*’11' raised, levied, collected and paid unto, and for the use of Pa!d br your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and bats: respective rates and duties-following; that is-to say, all persons uttering or vending in the kingdom of Ireland, by retail, any hats, commonly called or known by the name of felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, shall take out a license for that purpose, -in manner herein after prescribed; and where the person so uttering or ,i. stamp for vending by retail such hats as aforesaid, shall. reside in any city or town corporate in this kingdom, there shall be charged «o»n «-a stamp duty of one pound; and where the person uttering 5s. mother or vending by retail any such hats as aforesaid, shall reside in partl>' any other part of this kingdom, there shall be charged a duty of five shillings: for every felt or wool, fluff or beaver hat, or any leather br japanned hat, of the price orgj. f0rMci, value of five shillings, and not amounting to the price j^0"1 Js-4 G 2 or

3°3 A.D. 1800.

3°4 Fortkth $*ear of George III.

is. for each hat from 75 10 12s.

is. Gd. for -each hat ftom 12s. to 265. 3d.

23. for each hat f value of 16s. 3d. ;«iul upwards.

or value of seven shillings, which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any person or person taking out such licenses, there shall be charged a damp duty of sixpence; for every felt or wool, duff'or beaver hat, or any leather or japanned hat, amounting to the price or value of seven shillings, and not amounting to the price or value of twelve shillings, which shall .-be uttered, vended or sold by any person taking out such license, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one drilling; for every felt or wool, duff or beaver hat, or any leather or japanned hat, amounting to the price or value of twelve shillings, and not amounting to the price 01 value of sixteen shillings and three penefe, 'which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any person taking out such license, there shall be charged a damp duty of one shilling and sixpence; for every felt or wool, duff or beaver hat, or any leather or japanned hat, amounting to the price or 'value of sixteen shillings and three pence, or upwards,' which shall be uttered, vended, or sold by any person or persons taking out such license, there shall be charged a damp duty of two shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after thefirfl day of May, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth dayof March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, no person whatsoever required by this act to be licensed shall, unless he or (lie be licensed' in manner

herein after prescribed, utter, vend, or fell any felt or wool,

301. penalty 1 4

for felling fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, in the kingdom of Ireland, upon pain to forfeit for every offence 1800 and v;’ t^e ^ultl 'fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied in March, 1801. manner as herein after is directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this ail, any two or more of his Majesty's commissioners appointed for managing the duties arising by damps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or foroe person duly au-

commissioners thorized by them, shall grarit licenses to such persons who grant'uccnlcs. aPPty for the fame, to fell felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or leather or japanned hats, within the kingdom of Ireland, to continue in force from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day-of March, one thousand eight hundred and one.

IV. Am!

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every perfori vending or expijfing to sale hats by retail, and who shall have taken out a lioenfe for that purpose, as herein before is directed, shall cause . the words " Dealer in hats by retail," to be painted, printed, or written in large and legible cha-rnters, either over the door, or in some visible place on the front of his or their house, shop, or ware-house, at the re-speciive place at which he^- the or they keep such hats for sale, ter denote that such person or persons is a dealer in hats, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid, shal| presume to fell any hats without fixing or hanging out.such notice as aforesaid, every person so vending ot.exposing, to sale any hats, shall, for every hat so- fold, forfeit and pay the sum.of forty shillings, to be recovered and distributed as herein after is directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall cause the words "Dealer in hats," to the affixed or put in the front of his, her, or their house or shop, or ware-house) without being licensed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And whereas doubts may arise what person or persons may be considered a retail dealer or dealers in hats; within the conflrufiion-of this act; be it therefore enacted and declared, That all persons who shall fell any less quantity 'than one dozen of hats at one time to any one person, shall be deemed a retailer in hats, and shall be liable to take out- Ii-confe for that purpose.

VII. And be it further emitted, That for the belter and

more effectual levying and collciiing the said duties on hats, according to the provisions of this act, the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or any one or more of them, is, or are hereby empowered and required to provide and use such fhtinps to denote the said duties on hats,-as shall be requisite for the execution of this act, and from time to time to alter or renew the fame, or make new damps to- denote' the said duties, as they, or any one or more of them shall think fit, and to do all other things nc-ccfiary to be done for putting this act into execution, with relation to the said duties on hats, in the like, and in as full

T^e words " Dealer in lull by rc. tail," Hull be on the front of the house of each person licensed, penalty 40. far each hat fold.

50l. penalty-

far having such words on hnuft's of unlicensed persons.

Pcifotn \vh* fell less tluin a do/.cn deemed ictailjru

stamps to bt provided by cuminilTioners, which they maynltQ' occasioiuilljc.

how duty shall be calor lated and marked on bats*

In what manner hat liuings shall be stamped, and accounts

thereof taken.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and ample manner as they, or any of them are or is authorized to put in execution any law now in force, or hereafter to be in force, concerning stamp duties of any kind whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Aril day of May, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, the rates of duty by this act imposed, shall be cal-

culated at and according to the full price and value of the hats in respect of which such duty shall be chaTged, and of all the mountings and other ornaments (except gold and ftl-ver lace) fold, or exposed to sale therewith, and that every hat made wholly of felt, wool, fluff, beaver, or leather, or any mixture of the said substances, or any of them, or with any other fubflanceor substances, by whatever name such hat shall be called or distinguished, shall be liable to the said duties by this act imposed; and every Inch hat which from and after the -first day of May, one thousand eight hundred, until - the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be fold and delivered, shall, previous -to such delivery, be lined or covered in the inside of the crown thereof with silk, linen, or other proper materials, whereon a durable mark or stamp can conveniently be affixed, to denote the duties of this act imposed, and on whiph materials a stamp or mark, to be provided by the said commissioners in pursuance of this act, shall have been stamped or marked according to the rate of duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the directions of this a£L

IX. - And be it further enacted, That for the greater convenience in flamping such materials as aforesaid, any person or persons whatever may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent, to the head office of stamps, any quantities proper to be used, and intended to be used for the purpose of lining and covering the inside of the crown of such hats, and Tut into fha.pes for that purpose, to-be marked and damped with Arch marks.and stamps, to be provided as aforesaid, to denote the rates of duties payable for the hats to which such materials are to be affixed, as the person or persons bringing the same shall require; and the said commissioners, or their oflicers to be employed under them for that purpose, or some of them, shall, from time to time, before the said

materials

3°7

A.D. 1800.

i Hco.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

materials shall be stamped, talce an account of the number of shapes which shall be at any one time brought to the said ‘ bead office so be stamped, and of the several rates and duties required by the person or persons bringing the same to be stamped thereon, and enter the fame in a book or books (

to be provided and kept for that purpose, and upon taking such account thereof, shall mark or stamp with one of the said ft a reps, one of the pieces of every such lining, in fuclt part thereof, and in such manner, as that the stamp put thereon shall be and remain vifihle and -conspicuous, when and after the same shall have heen affixed to any hat in the

manner intended, and to be declared as herein is mentioned, the person or persons bringing the same to be so stamped as aforesaid, paying to the receiver general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his clerk, the several duties payable for the fame, by virtue of this act, subject to such discount and allowance thereon as is herein after provided; which stamp or mark, when put on such lining'or inside covering, in pursuance of this a 3, shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty denoted thereby to be paid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Commift-

J oner* may

it shall be lawful for the commissioners of the said stamp du- open ac.

ties for the time being, or the major part of them, if they

/ball think fit, and not Otherwise, to open an account, in tWnkfit.

r on security

books to be provided by the said commissioners for that pur- being given pole, with any persons or persons carrying on the trade and cTdotinT' business of a dealer or dealers in, or a manufactureer or ma-nufaflurers of linings for hats by this act required to be stamped, as aforesaid, who respectively shall have given, or caused to be given, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and sue? reffors, for the payment of the duties at the times, and is the manner to be prescribed by the said commissioners, as herein after is mentioned, and from time to time, at the rc-quest of such person or persons, to stamp such materials or linings as shall be brought to the said head office for that purpose, and to return the fame so stamped, up on the credit of such person or persons, he, she, or they first delivering, orcaufing to be delivered to the said commissioners, or their officers, a note in writing, ligned by him, her, or them re- w imten faciively, of the quantities of linings from time to time touchtfsftr 4 H 2 required iutT’

3°*

A.D. 1800. Chap. 16.

(Jifconnt may be allowed.

bonds to bft passed when duty is not paid on delivery of statnpg.

gmlitions of bond.

Licensed dealers may fell hats to each other without stamped linings.

Hatters to /hew* com-

miirioiiers h >iv linincs

5Tt* to be tfruul, and il i.r.jv, to be

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

required to be stamped, and the amount and denomination! of the (lamps required to be put thereon, and on the redelivery of such linings so stamped, signing, or causing to be signed, a sufficient receipt for the fame; for which payments, if the same shall be duly performed according to the directions of the said commissioners, the like allowances, by way of discount, may be made, as are herein directed, in case of present payment of the said duties; and that every person upon whose'credit any linings stamped, according to the directions of this act, shall be returned, and payment forborne, shall previously give, or cause to be given, a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such form, and with such security,' as the said Commissioners may think reasonable, so as the fame may in no case be less than the penal sum of one hundred pounds sterling, with a condition that if such person or persons shall, from time to time, well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money which shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it shall be lawful for" the said commissioners, or the major part of them, to fix. the times and periods-of making such payments, and to specify the fame in the condition to every such bond, and which shall not in any case be by less than two payments- in the year, at equal intervals, as nearly as may be; and every such bond may be renewed from time to time, in the discretion of the said commissioners, or the major part of them, as often as the said commissioners shall think (it.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any dealer or dealers in hats, being respectively licensed in pursuance of this act), during the continuance of such license, to fell to any other dealer or dealers in hats, licensed in like manner, any such hat or hats, wherein no lining shall be affixed, stamped or marked, as by this act is directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the person or persons bringing any linings or inside coverings for the crowns of hats, to be marked or stamped as aforesaid, shall, on requell made by the said commissioners, or any of their officers, -declare the uses of the different parts or pieces of any lining

The Fortieth Year of George III. 309

or inside covering so brought, and also the form and manner A.D. of affixing every part and piece thereof in the crown of q^00^ any hat, and shall shew, to their satisfaction, in what part of such lining or inside covering the mark or stamp can be put thereon, so that such mark or stamp so put thereon, when the same shall be affixed in or to any hat, shall be vifibfe and conspicuous; and the said commissioners, being satisfied therewith, shall caufo the same to be marked or stamped according to the directions of the person or persons bringing the same; and they, or any three or more of them, are commissionna hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to make uUiSiV such regulations as they shall think fit and necessary, r,s well to prevent the concealment of the stamp upon any linings or inside coverings affixed to, or in any such hats, as to prevent the ft.imps fold and disposed of therewith from being, made use of again for the like purpose, contrary to the provisions of this act; which regulations aforesaid, fairly printed by Pted order of the said commissioners, shall he delivered to all to be given 10 and every dealer or dealers aforesaid to be licensed, upon his, her, or their applying for the fame, at the time of his, her, or their taking out any license under this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first clay of May, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, no person or persons (other than manufacturers of hats, or such licensed dealers as aforesaid, felling 4 os. penalty hats to other licensed dealers as herein mentioned) shall fell Lyl-L-4' or deliver upon saie, or caufo to be sold or delivered upon

1 out Hr: proper

file any hat or hats subject to the said stamp duties by this ttawf. aft imposed, or shall receive, or cause to be received, any thing or value by way of barter, or in exchange for any hat subject to the f.iid recited duties, or any of them, wherein no lining or inside covering shall be affixed at tl c time of such saie or delivery, or'wherein there shall be a lining or inside covering affixed which shall not be marked or stamped according to the directions of this act, or that tliall not be marked or stamped with a mark or stamp, placed and affixed in the inside of the crown thereof, in such manner as to be visible and conspicuous therein, or that shall be marked or stamped with a mark or stamp of lets denomination or value than by this act is directed and required, ut.Jcr pain, that all

3IO The Fortieth Year of George III.

A- D. and every such person or persons so offending, shall forfeit an^ Pay for every hat so fold or delivered, the sum of forty

____shillings, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

jo! penally

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

furulhxing ' 1

persons shall, from and after the said fir'd day of May, one thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, cut or tear out, or cause to be, cut or torn out from any such hat as aforesaid, the lining or infule covering thereof, or any piece or part of such lining or irifide covering, which lining or in--.fide covering, or piece or part thereof, shall bear the impression of any mark or (lamp provided by virtue of this act, after the fame lining or inside covering shall have been ufal or" worn, or disposed of with such hat or hats, with an intent to affix the fame, or canfe the same to be affixed to any other hat or hats liable to any of the said -recited duties, or with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or fir,ill with like intent affix, or cause to be affixed, any lining or inside covering, or any piece or part of any lining or inside covering, bearing the impression of any fu.ch mark or stamp, after the same shall have been used, ’0t worn or fold, or disposed of therewith; nil and every the person and persons so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner as herein after directed.

Perfunj

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

who receive

«r wear bats laid mil clay of May, one thousand eight hundred, until tLe tinloS*'1’ twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred anil °nC’ ,nc^u^vc' *f any person or persons (other than licensd dealers) buying hats from other liceilfed dealers as aforesaid,

_ shall receive on sale, or if any person or persons shall between the said first day of May, one thousand eight hundred, and ihc twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, wear or use any hat subject to any of ifc: duties by this act imposed, wherein no lining or inside cover-. ing shall be affixed at the time of such delivery, or if such hat being so used or worn, wherein a lining or inside covering shall be affixed, shall not be marked or stamped according to the directions of this act, or shall not be marked or stamped

with

The Fortieth Year of George III. 311

n'ilh a mark or (lamp placed therein, in a visible and conspi- A.D. cuous manner, then every such person offending therein,

shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be -recovered and applied as herein after 'is directed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That LiccnM any dealer in hats duly licensed in pursuance of this act; toiTalTto may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or sent to the Paid head office any number of hats not less than one dozen oat-down, at any one time, whereon a lining or inside covering as aforesaid shall then be affixed to be marked and stamped with such marks and (lamps as aforesaid, as the person or persons so licensed shall require, subject to such account of the number of the hats so brought, and to the rates and duties payable for the fame, as herein before directed, with respefi to linings to be brought to be stamped; and the said' corn-ini',(loners or their officers shall cause the lininsr or inside co-voting of every such hat then affixed therein to be marked and stamped in some conspicuous and visible part thereof according to the directions herein before contained, and the Person or persons so bringing such hats to be stamped, shall pay or cause to be paid the duties payable for the fame, subjctl to the like discount and allowance as 'herein directed to be made on payment of the said duties; and that i-.nibmpcJ it ill.ill and may be lawful for any dealer or dealers in hats so licensed, during the continuance of such liceilfe, to fell ‘.!ra,cn-> 01

f for exporta-

to any other dealer or dealers in hats, licensed m like man- iiyn. ner, any such hat or hats lined as aforesaid, for the purpose of.felling the fame again for home consumption, or to any person or persons whatever for exportation, before such time as the lining or inside covering thereof shall have been marked nr stamped, in manner before directed provided al- not to "ays that nothing in this act contained shall exlcnd ,or be [^cYu"--vonfirued to extend to subject any person to the penalty hereby miposed, for using or wearing any hat which shall have been »fc‘l or worn at any time before the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred; provided also that tile proof of proof |ht. such hat having been used or worn before the said first. 1'un!ac'-uil'J-

of May, one thousand eight hundred, shall lie on the pvrfon accused.

4 1 2

XVII.

Proof lo lie on owner

One offender against tins act may give evidence agiisilt another, and shall he thereby freed,

What shall lie dime when Damped lining:; arc <kunjg* ‘1 he* fere oled.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any adtioa, suit, or' information, for any offence in ufin|j or wearing any hat or hats contrary to this act, any dispute shall arise whether the duty by this act imposed hath, been duly paid for such hat or hats, the proof of the fad, that the duty has been paid for such hat or hats shall lie on the owner of such hat or hats, or person accused of using or wearing the fame contrary to this act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who shall offend against this act, shall before his, tier, or their conviction of or for such offence, discover the other person or persons offending therein, the person or persons so discovering, shall be admired to give evidence against the party informed against or prosecuted; and in case such person or persons. so informed against or prosecuted, be thereupon convicted, the person or persons so informing and prosecuting to'conviction, shall be freed and discharged from any penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred for any offence against this act previous to such discovery,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any stamp or mark impressed upon any lining or inside covering by virtue of this act, or any lining or inside covering whereon any such mark or stamp is marked or {lamped, shall be damaged in affixing the fame in, or to any hat as aforesaid, or ia stumping the fame or otherwise so as to be rendered unfit far use, and such lining or inside covering shall not have beta «fed or worn or sold or disposed of with any hat or hats, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons lieenfed ia pursuance of this act to lning all such linings or inside coverings so damaged, or any linings or inside coverings having any damaged marks or {lamps impressed thereon, to the coir.-missioners for managing the said duties, at their head office, or to some officer or officers appointed by them, and the said commissioners or the major part of them are hereby respectively empowered and required to examine upon path, nr solemn-affirmation, if of the profession of people called qnv kers, .(which oath or solemn affirmation the said commissioners, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized to administer) into all or any circumstances relating to the faint*; and upon due proof made to the satisfaction of the said coir,-

mifiitmeri,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 313

missioners, or the major part of them, of the value of the A.D. respective {lamps brought to the said commissioners, and also, q that such linings or inside coverings so damaged, or having impressed thereon any mark or {lamps f> damaged as a so re-laid, or any of them have not, nor hath before been used or worn, or sold or disposed of, with any hat or hats, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or the major part of them, to direct the proper officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are hereby required and directed to cancel such damaged marks or (lamps impressed upon such linings or inside coverings, and to mark or fiairjp any linings or inside coverings in lieu thereof, with marks and (lamps of the fame denomination and value, without demanding or taking, directly or in-directly, any film or other confederation for so doing.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

J r warn for ay*

persons shall, from and after the said first day of May, one piehcmUm: thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March, ^stampei one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, hawk or ’’i15’,a'1<i

otiendiri

carry about for sale, any hat or hats liable to any of the said commiudfor -recited duties, without any lining or inside covering affixed KcedinjrV thereto or therein, or without a lining or inside covering, duly marked and stamped with a mark or (lamp visible and conspicuous on fotne part thereof, as by this act is directed, to <;uiote the payment of the duty for the fame, at the rate aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any person to seize, apprehend, and carry before any justice of the peace for the county, city, or place where such offence shall be committed, any such person or persons so offending, and every per-lo-.i so lVizing or apprehending such offender or offenders, and carrying him, her, or them, before such justice of the peace as afivef.iid, upon conviction of every such offender or offenders, by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible tvitness or witness’es, and producing a certificate of such conviction under the hand of such justice, which certificate the said justice is hereby required to give, (without fee to be taken for the fame) shall be entitled to a reward of forty shillings, to be paid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's stamp duties; and it shall and may be lawful for any such justice of the peace, and such justice of the peace is hereby required to commit every

3*4 A.D. 1800. Chap. 16

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such offender To apprehended and convitffed as aforefiiit), (0 the house of correction, or gaol, or bridewell of the hid county, city, or place, for any time not exceeding fix, nor less than two calendar months,' as to such justice fimll fCL.m meet.

Allowance

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-

»f discount. r ,.

lioners for the time being, appointed to manage the ou?ic^ upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, mail ,|||9U. and pay to the respective persons that shall purchnfc (lamps in pursuance of this act, at the head-office, to the amount of ten pounds at any one time, such allowance, by w,iv of discount, as the commissioners of his Majesty's trenfury .|] from time to time direct, upon the present payment of the said duty or duties upon the said statnps so to them supplied.

Hatters to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any per.

chargea lor son or persons shall make any bargain for the sale of any |)at

ilanps. or ]iatSj subject to the duties by this act imposed, or shall ‘deliver in any bill or charge for any such hat or hats folj, such person and persons respectively, shall distinguish the price of every such hat from the amount of the duty payable thereon, and shall in every such bill or charge, ;llf0 make a distinct and separate charge for the damp or (lamps which shall have been impressed upon the lining1, or inn, Is coverings of such hat or hats so charged in such bill.

Undamped

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and

stats way be ’ uuu

exported. may be lawful to and for any person or persons to export from tile lawful quays, in the lawful hours, any number of hats, not less in quantity than one dozen, in any n, pick-age, either lined or unlined, and if lin d th-n w tli at the fame being stamped or marked, as by this act is ci-reded.

‘ivrging or

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any uerfua

count ci foiling

(lamp*deem- or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be conned Mony. terfeited or forged, any llamp or mark directed (o be all ured or used, or provided, made or used, in pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit, or refemhle the impression of tl:c fame, with intent to defraud his Majesty. his hei s or fnc-cessors, or shall utter, vend or fl-ll, or expose to sale, or cause or procure to be uttered, vended or sold, or expofd to sale, any piece of silk, linen, or other material, or thing

-.villi

The Fortieth Year of George III. 375

with such counterfeit mark or stan.p thereon, knowing such A.D. mark or stamp to be counterfeited,- or if any person shall privately or fraudulently use any ftnmp or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent and design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties,' then every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things 'Juifc.&c.w

1 ’ ° 5tMp-3a,not

prescribed or appointed, or to be prescribed or appointed, nilrermfe say any act or acts of parliament, relating to any stamp du- cj, n,aii he iti ties, except in cases where other powers, penalties or provisions are made or prescribed by this act, m lieu thereof, "1. shall he of lull force and effect, with Telation to the rates and duties by this act imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution, for railing, levying, colicding, and securing the said rates and duties by this act imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and cfledually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been repeated in this piefent ad.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary iMaictyof

A. pt’nallisto

penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided and distributed (if Kin^, and i sued for within the space of twelve calendar months, from for'wUU-the time of any such penalties being incurred) in manner fol- 1,113 lowing, that is to say, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary How penal-penalties imposed on any person or persons for offences com-

mined against this act, shall and may be find for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland, with full colls of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imp.ulanec i!n:ll be allowed, or by civil bill at any general assizes for any counly, comity of a city, or county of a town, dr before ar.y assistant barrifler of any county, at any session to be held therein, or before the Recorder of the city of Dublin.-

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for any justicr of the peace u-.i.n- cmd-

" for jii’CMtii i 7

4 K

J -V.

wilding ji-uiurt,

316 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A. t>. residing near the place where the offence shall be committed to ,800. jjCar aD(j determine any offence against this a <3, which subject the offender to any pecuniary penalty, which said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within twelve calendar months after such offence 'ftiali have been committed against this act, to summon the party accused, and also the witness or witnesses on cither fide, and shall examine into the matter of farft; and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such magistrate is hereby empowered to 1 ariminifier), to give judgment or sentence for the penalty cr forfeiture, according as in or by this aiff is directed; all which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged, shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to the informer or informers who shall prosecute for the fame, and the other moiety thereof, the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein after directed), -nd to award and issue out his warrant,under his hand and fe.il, for levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged, on the goods of, the offender or offenders; -md to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be re* Cowls deemed within six days after seizure, rendering to tly party Md'if"m n- l^e overplus (if any), and where the goods of the rffcr.iler deemed in 0 -cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty or pen,\ ucs, to coat-

da>s; and if . , r , — rr,

not iuiiiciout imt the said offender or offenders to the house of corrosion, coromitted!1" bridewell of the county, city or place, there to remain for the tjv.ee of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty or penalties shall be (boner paid and satisfied; and if any perlott or persons shall fiml him or herlelf or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, then he, (lie, or they, shall or may, upon giving , sufficient iccurity by recognizance before such magistrate, to tie' amount of the value of such penalty and t'orfeitnre, together with I sppral to such costs as shall he awarded in case such judgment shall be affirmfo; ^.r,ffions. (which recognizance such magistrate is hereby empowered and required to receive,) appial to the justices of the peace at the general or quarter iessions for the county or place wherein the offencera committed next following such conviction, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and lituliy to hear and determine the fame, and in case the judgment shall b;, affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices of the peace

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

to award the person or persons so appealing to pay such colls oc-afioned by such appeal; as to them the said justices shall seem meet.

XXIX. And belt further enacted, That if any person or per-i’jns shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refute to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect, or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the film of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means as in and by this act is directed as to other penalties.

XXX. And in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appeals; be it further enacted, That the justice of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and foim following, or in any other form of words to the like effect, mutatis mutandis, which conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes without Hating the case or the fafts of evidences in any more particular manner, that is to say

51, penalty on witnesses, not atiemfuir-, without rea* fotnUe ex* ciife.

Justices tn cttife conviction* to be

»nJ«* out in following l'm.n:

Be it remembered. That on the day of c

in the year of our Lord, A.B. of

in the county of - ivas

cmvitted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the face for the said county, ref ding near to the place^where the offence 'u'.ir committed; for that the said A.B. on the day of

now lafi paf, at the of

in the said county of did (herefate the offence

gjiiif the said act) contrary to the fatute in that case mode and pro-

v'uicd.

Given under my band and feat the day of

foint of convivhon;

Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be written fairly

r to be returned

upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter id- togenewior lions of the peace for the county or place where such conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and there to remain and he kept among the records of the same county or place.

XXXI. Provided always, nevertheless. That it shall and may

' J ’_may

be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to pC,u:Itic>; *- mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he,shall think fit, the rea-Yol, XX. 4 L sonable

conv&ions i.ot to be removed by Cirtiorari.

Actions for matters done under this act shall be brought tv;-bin 6 nuuihi.

318 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

sonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in mating the ib’oo. discovery, as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over am* a*)Qve such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce tit; penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said cods and charges, any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding; and such conviction shall not be removed by certiorari, into any court whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or fuil shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done under the authority of, and in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case the said action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall he brought in the county or place viicrc cause where the cause of action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the LrSidant defendant or defendants in such action or suit to be brought, may

mar plead gr- plead the general issue, and give this act. and the special matter in acral i(fiKS&c. *- 0 6 ’ - r

evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was

cUeofls to done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it Avail

appear to !>e so done, or if any such action or suit shall he brought

after the time before limited for bringing die fame, or shall be

brought in any other county, city, or place than as aforesaid, then

and in every such case the plantin' in such action shall be non-suited,

and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be so or otherwise non-suited,

or discontinue hi?, her, or their action, or if a verdict shall pd's

against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgment

shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like

remedy for the lame as any defendant or defendants hath or hare

for celts of suit in other cases by law.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

repeal or alter any part of this act during this present session of parliament.

defendant if plaintiff be tmit-fultul, &c.

Til’s act inny lie repealed or aitotci.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to continue an Aff pasted in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Aff fajfed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of his Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture.

Thursday the Tenth Day of April, One thousand eight hundred, Royal Assent given.

JOHN CAV&R, D. CLER. EARL.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the it is «i«-

thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act f;1,^"6c"'

to explain and amend an act passed in the nineteenth and twentieth 3-fur explain-

years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the better amending silk

regulation of the fdk mamfaBure; Be it enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in the present parlia- a;-t ;n

meat assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said until zy

1 i ’ March, tSic.

aft mall be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and ten, and no longer.

3!9A. 13.

rSoo.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Per/bns as he or they fall suspeff for conspiring againf His Majesty's person and government.

Thvrfday the Tenth day of April, One thousand eight hundred, Royal Assent given.

JOHN CAVER, D. CLE«. PARE.

WHEREAS a traitorous and detestable conspiracy has been iVamb'e.

formed for subverting the existing laws and constitution

therefore, for the better preservation of his Majesty's sacred person, and for securing the peace, the laws and liberties of this kingdom, be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of ike fame, That every person or persons that is, are, or shall he in pril’on within the kingdom of Ireland, at or upon the day upon which this act shall receive his Majesty's royal assent, or alter, by imciu, (<*

320 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

warrant.of his Majesty's moil honourable privy'council of this iSoo. kingdom, signed by fix of the said privy council for high treascr., ftifpiciori of high treason, or 'treasonable practices, or by warrant tRifimable signed by the lord lieutenant or chief secretary, for such causes as afore^"a‘'li may ’be detained in safe custody, without bail or main-until 25^ prize, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the <.11.101. year one thousand eight hundred and one; and that no judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person or persons fu committed, without order from'his said Majesty's privy council, signed by fix of said privy council, until the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That In cases where any person or persons have been before the passing of this act, or shall be during the time this act shall continue in force, arrested, committed, or detained in custody by force of a warrant Persons to or 'variants of his Majesty's most honourable privy council of this iviiom war- kingdom, signed by fix of the said privy council for high treason,

v.int* for p-

jiveliciiUing ‘ fii picion of htgn treason, or treasonable practices, or by warrant ai'rtlnrlk'r 01 'van allts f'bnt'd by the lord lieutenant or chief secretary for such r-.ay detain causes as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any person or per-

part of litc5 fons to whom such warrant or warrants have been, or shall be diking,iom; rt.aed)

to detain fitch person or persons so arrested or committed in his or their custody in any place whatever within this kingdom; and that such person or persons to whom such warrant or warrants have been, or shall be directed, shall be deemed, and taken to be, to all intents and purposes, lawfully authorized to detain in safe euliody, and to be the lawful gaolers and keepers of such persons so arvelUdj committed; or detained j and that such place and places where fitch persons so arrested; committed, or detained, are, or shall be-detained in custody, shall be deemed and taken, to all intfents and purposes, to be lawful prisons and gaols for the detention in safe custody of such person and persons; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, by warrant signed by him, or the chief secretary of such lord lieutenant, by warrant signed by such chief secretary, or for his Majesty's privy Warrants_council of this kingdom, by warrant signed by fix of the said privy forchaigiiig1" council from time to time as occasion shall be, to change the person rfwis'f.t or l,crlons by whom, and the place in which such person or persons

taping in so arrested, committed, or detained, shall be detained in safe

U1 uJy' custody.

Cnpics of ][[. proVukil always, and be it enacted, That copies of such

wavran’s to ’

be filed by warrants respectively shall he transmitted to the clerk oi the crcwn,

9and

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and shall be filed by him in the public office of the pleas of the crown at the city of Dublin.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient rights and privileges of parliament, or to the imprisonment or detaining of any member of either house of parliament, during the fitting of such parliament, until the matter of which he (lands suspected be first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of the said house obtained for his commitment or detaining.

3W

A.D. 1800.

Clerfeof

Crown.

Not to extend to a member of cilher house* of parliament without its content.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act, to emft that Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of England in the Eighth Year of Richard the Second, fall not continue to be of Force in this Kingdom, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Thursdoy the tenth day of dffrif, one thousand eight hundred\ Royal AJJent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CL&R. PAKL.

WHEREAS an act passed in the parliament of England, in By t R. j, the eighth year of Richard the second, entitled, No man of the law shall be justice of assize or gaol delivery in his own jofl/ce at «f-county, which act is now of force in this kingdom by the statute comity'°Wa law thereof, and by which it is enacted, That no man of law shall be justice of assizes or the common deliverance of gaols in his own SonjllcIlof county, and it is expedient that such part of the said law shall not fcH a fall be of force in this kingdom; belt therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the kad.

Lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act as is hereby recited, shall not be of force in this kingdom, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 2 2 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Thitrfday tie Teal!) uay of /frit, Otic thousand right hundred, Royal dffent gfotri.

JOHN GAYER, 0 CLER. TARL.

?icsbiblr

WHEREAS the encouraging of the various branches of linen and hempen manufactures, and of certain manufadhircs made of silk, by bounties on export, will tend to promote and enlarge the fame, and it is necessary that the payment of such bounties should be under certain regulations and restrictions; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every exporter or feller for exportation of plain Irish linen, Iiifh chequed or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers, Exporters of fhectings and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in breadth, &c"up;rar'is and of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish linens, cailicoes, cot-of yaidxrnlc, tons, or cottons mixed with linen, to any places, on the exporta-

ami of pamt-

ed linens, cot- tion to which bounties are payable, shall in the entry of such goods

express quan- at Port of exportation, express the quantity thereof, and the

tity and value value, exclusive of all printing, painting, staining or dying, and

clufiveofCX the marlts on every box or package, and shall make and subscribe

and swea/or an ^davit on fl,ch eRtr7> or ifa known quaker, an affirmation to

affirm, as the following effect: herein.

Form.of I A.B. make oath, or affirm, that the above entry or invoice

oalh' - of linen, is true and fair, and that the value' of the said linens, as expressed in the said entry, is mt averaged, in order to reduce the value cf any parcel or piece of such linen under one f alling and seven-pence halfpenny per yard; and that no parcel or piece of such linen for which claim a bounty of three halfpence per yard, is of greater value, exclufve of all printing, painting, flaming or dying, than one shilling and j'even pence halfpenny per yard.

And shall likewise endorse on the cocket granted upon such entry, o,"coek«T the true quantity and value of the linens, or other goods intended fromfrardiei to kc shippedand /lull before he receives such bounty, produce a

certificate

The Fortieth Year of George III. certificate from the searcher, or other proper officer appointed to see the fame shipped, verifying- the dripping thereof; and likewise give sufficient security to the collector, or other chief officer of the port, in the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to be exported, and of one hundred pounds more, which security every such collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to take by bond, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, conditioned that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, (hcetings, or other species of linen, caliicoes or cottons, or cottons mixed, lo Clipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, thall not be landed or brought upon ffiore again, in any part or parts of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man j and shall also, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known qttaker, make affirmation, which affidavit, and oath or affirmation, such officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value of Inch linens, caliicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed, and that the fame were made in Ireland.

II. And be it ertafted, That the exporter of all Irish made sail cloth or canvas shall, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath or a.'n -mation the proper officer of the revenue, at the port where the lame shall be flipped, is hereby empowered to administer, that such sail cloth or canvas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to be exported, without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, and that no former bounty on export has been paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the said manufactures, and to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties thereon, be it further enacted, That if the trustees of the hempen and linen manufactures (halt appoint any perl’on or persons, at any of the ports ill this kingdom, toinspeftlinens intended robe exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof in writing to the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, no bounty shall he paid after such notice, at any port at which inch porfon shall be appointed to inspect, unless it shall appear to the iiuveyor, or other officer of the port, by some seal or mark affixed ;o eiclt package of iinen, by such person or persons in manner herein after.mentioned, that he has examined the fame, nor unless it lltallalfo appear by the certificate of such person or persons, that inch linens arc of good, 'found, and merchantable quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining such bounty, licit enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any surveyor, or -ay officer of the revenue,-after the entry of any linens or other ico.lq ns being entitled to bounty, and before and after the ship-

323

A. r>. i boo. Chap. 20.

Security for double

and icrl not to land such in 0.

U.hafn, lie* Uni,or Isle uif Man;

Oath or afiii-mation of value and nuim-fa&uie*

O.ith to hi*

made on ov-potlatinn of I rill > sail cloth or canvas

Jftrustees appoint iu-fpciflors at ports, and jjive notice thereof to conunifiiocc'j, no bounty shall be paid unless p.tcrca-gcdaicnr.irkcd and certificates pio-ducu^.

O/Krers may open hales before and after

324 ‘The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. ping thereof, to open and examineanv bale, irufs, or other package, to-fee if the goods are duly entered and etulorfed on the cocket,; and

1 fico.

Che

°P’J^c'-ifon any such examination the fameihall be found to be duly-en-

if duly enter-- tered and endorsed,- the olEcer shall, at his own-charge, cause lhe packed fame to be-re-packed, which charge shall be allowed to such officer

-by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable. whicit com. 'V. And be it enacted, That if upon-view and exami-ailo:,riy^ation by any such officers of the revenue, dt shall appear entae"dfor&c'‘t‘^at or an>' P’ece or pieces of-chequed linen or firiped bounty, linen, printed, painted, fldined or dyed linen, callico, cot-

worth more than is. 7hd»

{ter prd, exclusive of

printing, &c.

' or diaper, &c. more than yard wide, worth mere 'than is.ylid. per square yard, shall, (upon demand) be given to surveyov for use of the crown, and is. 8hd- per yard paid to exporter, and value of

ton, or cotton mixed, which shall be‘entered for exportation* as entitled to bounty, is or are of greater value thin one (lulling and seven pence -halfpenny per yard, exclusive of any value arising from its being painted, printed, stained or dyed; or that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, (heeting, or other species of linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, which shall be entered , for exportation, as entitled to bounty, is or are of greater value ‘than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny the square yard, ’that then and in every such case, the exporteror feller‘df such linen for exportation shall, upon demand made in writing by the surveyor of the port-where such goods and -merchandizes are entered, deliver, or cause to be delivered, so many pieces of such linen as shall be demanded by the said officer, into &c-i his Majesty's ware-house, at the port of exportation, for the use and benefit of the crown, and upon such delivery, the surveyor of such port, with the privity of the collector or Other chief officer, shall, out of any money in the bands of such collector applicable thereto, pay to such exporter, or feller for exportation, the value of one shilling and eight pence'halfpenny.per yard, and also -if the fame be printed, painted, stained or dyed, the full value, cost, and expence of such printing, painting, staining or dying,-taking a receipt for the lame fro-in such exporter or feller for exportation, im full fat-isfaflion for such goods, as if they had been -regularly fold; and the commissioners of the revenue shall cause such-goods to'be fairly and ‘publickly fold, to the bell advantage, and out -of nhe produce thereof, the money so paid-or advanced as aforCfard '(hdll be repaid'to such collector, to' be replaced to the account of his Majesty's revenue: and if'any overplus'(hail remain after defraying-the expenses ..4 d

such fot'da to be pub-e lickly fold

overplus to exchequer ar*d officer;

Stc. at not more than is. yhd. j»cr

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of such falc and the necessary charges incident thereto, one moiety of such overplus shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall have searched and examined such linens.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons Pirfons v.Iw

- enter linen,

shall enter for exportation any linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, at any value, exclusive of the value of its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not exceeding the value "t"' of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard; or any ing. diaper, huckaback, sheeting, or other linen, upwards of a yard in breadth, at any value as aforesaid, not exceeding ml wide,at one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per square yard, and which upon view and examination of the proper officer of the revenue, shall be thought to be of greater value before vpcirof^ its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, than one shilling ami refute w and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively, and shall on demand made in writing by the surveyor Ptr

*" ' vwJ> SiC.

or other officer of the port where such linen is entered for ’ exportation, refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any one of the pieces of such linen, diaper or huckaback, or sheeting, into his Majesty's warehouse at such port, for the use and beneilt of the crown, and to receive from the said officers of the revenue, at the said port, the value of one stuffing and eight pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively, for such linen, together with the value, cofl, or expence of printing, dying, painting, orftaining the fame, as the fame may be, in full satisfaction for the same; or if or if such, the proper officers of the revenue Avail, upon view or exami- ir!m6h<Uo nation, find any such linen which shall be entered forex-

1 yarJ or umlcr

portation, at the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, or iiwraiumi above that value, not exceeding one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, to Lie under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall be entered at or from j<t. »s

c c I i , f’1"1' "'"I not

the value of nvc pence per yard, or above that value, and w.,tt], jj.

not amounting to the value of (ix pence halfpenny per yard,

lo be under the value as nforefiid, of five pence per yard;

or if any such linrn shall be Ids in quantity than shall he jncfll-Jj

expressed in the said cndorleinent on the said entry or cockct, or not 25

c-r shall not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the

haft, or of the breadth of one yard, if so entered; or if the so micmi;

326 'The Foniclh Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fame shall be entered' or endorsed under a wrong denoir.inv iSco. whereby the fitid bounty, or any part thereof, ‘might

have been fraudulently obtained, that then and in every m if ci.tered such case, all such linen, callico,-cotton, and cotton mixed,

under a wrong

denomina- which shall he refused to be-delivered, or that shall be under rafts,aiit, Id,-^e value.as aforesaid, of.six pence halfpenny per yard, dr packages for Pence Per yarcU respectively, or shall appear to be less ftiud. in quantity than expressed in such endorsement, or be under the breadth of twenty-five inches, or one yard-respectively, or entered or endorsed under a wrong denomination, and also the goods contained in all and every pack se or packages, endorsed on such entry or cocket, shall be.forfeited, toge- ther with such package or packages, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and the owner or merchant shall not be entitled to receive any bounty for such goods.

After notice, as afore-fakl, given lo commissioners, no !)oui]-1 ty shall be paid at ports where iufpec- tors are ap« pt'inucl.unless they certify ;ts herein,. 6cc.

' Tff linen, Ac. foi uhich bounty was claimed, be landed in G. Britain, die. feme, or value fuilcitulj

yerson concerned, forfeits is per yard for linen, he. »:.d zs. per ell for canvas.

VII. And to prevent linen of bad quality, or fraudulently made up from being exported, be it enacted, That after notice given as aforesaid to the said commissioners, no bounty shall be paid on any such linen, callico, cotton, cotton mixed, diaper or huckaback, which shall be exported as aforesaid, out of any port where any inspector or other person shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other person to he appointed as aforesaid, by the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall, by some seal or mark affixed to each-package thereof, certify his having examined the fame, or shall in the presence of the surveyor or other officer of the revenue examine the fame, and affix his seal or mark thereon.-

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or flriped Irish linen, or stained, painted, printed, or dyed iritli linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback, flieeting, or sail cloth, or canvas, for which ihe bounty shall have been given or -claimed, shall be landed in Great Eritain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, the exporter or exporters tlmcof shall forfeit the fame, or the value thereof; and every person concerned in bringing back or landing the same as aforesaid, shall forfeit one shilling for every yard, or square yard of such linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed respectively; and two shillings for every ell of such canvas or sail cloth so brought back or landed.

IX. find

The Fortieth ear oj ueuige III. 327

IX. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be A.D. given upon the exportation from hence of any manufacturee J®00, made in this kingdom, of silk, or silk mixed with any other material, unless oath, or in case of a known quaker, solemn Noatw

\ anceonex-

affirmation be made by the exporter before i'uch collector, portaimn of or other officer of the port of exportation, which oath or af- I0JJe or firmation such officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that such goods arc of Irish manufacturee, and oath a, W-intended to be exported, and not intended to be relanded in aiiJ focurity any part of Ireland; and on the exporter’s giving sufficient j?"X'ions of security to the said collector, or other officer of the port,

given}

which security any such officer is empowered to take in the name, and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successon, by bond in the penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned, that such goods shall not be relanded or brought on (lioie again in any port or place in this kingdom; and for such part of such goods as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain, the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, a condition of the said bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within six calendar months after the date of the said bond, which certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there; and if no such officer shall be then resident in any of the said islands, then by the governors of the said islands, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively; and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or in the Britiffi dominions in the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate within eighteen months after the date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually ligm’ng certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and testifying the landing thereof, and for such silks, stuffs, or other manufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any foreign port or place, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate under the common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such silks or other manufactures were there landed, which certificates 4 N 2 shall

Ccu oases

hetem (In cited, when

; produced, &c, shall hi fnffi-

acne dif-chnrgeg for bonds; bunds discharged on proof of goods being taken or lolt at fra.

Officers may

examine bales before or af-tei ftiipping,

which, if rightly entered, are to be repacked ut

officers expence;

if such grods be falsely entered, to obtain bounty, they ni.il! be forfeited, and double value.

No al!ow-. ance foi silk manufactures mixed with gold and silver at edges i lily, nor when mixed with other materials, unless 2-3d$ of ends be fdk, or mixed with silk in the warp, and double the value of allowance on exportation: proof of manufacture on

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

shall respectively ttftif) that such goods were landed at the places from whence such certificates shall have been given, and' when produced and duly proved, shall respectively he a full and sufficient discharge for such bonds so respectively entered into 5 and in case such-goods shall be taken by enemies, or perish in the fca, such bonds shall be discharged upon satisfactory proof thereof' being made before the com-hriflicners of the revenue for the time being, or any four or more of them.

X. And for. better preventing frauds on the entering o( any such goods under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any searcher or any proper officer of the revenue at any time after the entry of any such goods, and before or after the /flipping thereof, to open and examine every bale, truss, chest, or other package, and if on such examination the goods shall be found to be rightly entered, the officer shall at his own charge cause the same to be repacked to the satisfaction of the exporter, which charge shall be allowed to such officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable; but in case such officer shall find such goods, or any part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majesty might have been defraudid in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so falsely entered shall fcc forfeited, and may be seized, and the person or persons making or causing such false entry to be made, shall forfeit double the value of such goods.

XI. Provided always, That no allowance shall be demanded or made for any of such manufactures of silk mixed with gold or silver, where they are only mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces, nor for any such manufactures of silk mixed with any other materials, unless two-thirds at Icaft of the ends or threads of the warp be of silk, or mixed or twilled with silk in the warp, fothat such silk shall be apparent, nor unless the silk therein used shall be at lead double the value of the allowance intended to be obtained on the exportation thereof.; and if any doubt shall arise whether such goods or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching the quality of such goods or manufactures, lire proof

owner.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 329

(kill lie on the exporter, claimer, or owner thereof, and not

A.D. 1800.

on the officer.

dun. 20,

XII. And be it enacted, That all bounties and allowances —,

on the cxiwrtation of the manufacturecs aforesaicl, shall be 1

paid out of all or any of the monies arising from all or any «ut»f »®?-of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to SutusTtl* any particular purpose, in the hands of the collector of the

port where such goods shall be shipped for exportation.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said bounties shall be

pul (’ll dc-

paid on demand, without fee or reward to the exporter or wiih-filler for exportation, subject to the several regulations °ut l'e‘

herein contained.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the penalties and for- P*:ci

anti forfeit-

feitures aforesaid shall be sued for, levied and recovered by urc.;rccou'it.<J such ways, means, rules, and directions, and with such ,or powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed, in and by tin act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise and new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and ficcessors, according to the book of rates thetein inserted, or by any other law now of force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of ap- u-ithlikerepeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of of excise, or any other law or laws now of force relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That this act /lull continue of l»f«rce force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand "'sorf4'*Un'’ eight hundred and one, and no longer.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered, Thtsna varied or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

4 0

CHAP.

fithe Fortieth Year of George III.

33°

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XXI.

An Act for the Relief of uncertified Bankrupts.

Thursd ty the tenth day of Aprtl> one thousand eight hundred. Royal Assent ghtr.

JOHW GAYSR, D. CIER. PJ?L.

rRccita! 37 ' G. c. 25.

1 for relief of uncertified ' bankrupts:

WHEREAS by an a if made in the thirty-seventh year of ill's present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the relief of uncertified bankrupts, it is en ailed, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and fur all and every person and persons against whom a commission of bankruptcy was awarded after the first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and on or before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, who in all things conformed himself, herself, and themselves, to the several acts of parliament then in -force, concerning bankrupts, and who had furrenm-r-d nd submitted themselves to the said commission, and who 1 :d not been committed for contumacy or non-conf-.nniti. and yet had not obtained their certificates under such c. 11

keepo

or

ti.no being,

to apply by petition to the lord chancellor, lord lords commissioners of the great, seal, for the setting forth the true circumstances of the case relative to such commission and certificate, having previously givui notice to the agent of such commission, and to theafiignecs of his estate and effects, of such his intended application, and it is thereby enacted, that "the lord chancellor, lord keeper, ’or lords commissioners, shall have power and authority to -direct and order the ailing commissioners in the respectire <commissions named, or the major part of them, to certify to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, 'the conformity, or non-conformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matters as to them shall seem tie-cessary concerning the same, (the said aiding commissioners, or the major part of them, being thereby authorized and required so to do), and that the said lord chancellor, lord ike?per, or lords commissioners, shall thereupon have power

and

The Fortieth Year of George III. 331

and authority, if he or they shall think fit, to direct and or- A.D. der an advertisement to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, for the allowance of such bankrupt’s certificate, although the fame shall not appear to have been signed or consented to, by four fifths in number and value of the creditors of such bankrupt, agreeable to the act of parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, in the same manner and form, as if the said certificate had been signed or consented to as aforesaid: and whereas by by an act made in the thirty-ninth year of his present Ma-jefiy’s reign, entitled, An act for the relief of uncertified Recital 39 bankrupts, it is enacted, that from and after the field day of ^belief iJ-" fitly, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it shall ""wuficil-

bankrupts:

and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons against whom a commission of bankruptcy was awarded, after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and on or before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and who in all things conformed himself, herself, and themselves to the several acts of parliament then in force, concerning bankrupts. and who had surrendered and submitted themselves to the said commission, and who had not been committed for contumacy, or non-conformity, and yet have not obtained their certificates under such commissions, should and might apply by petition to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great seal, for the time being, letting forth the true circumftnnces of the case relative to such commission and certificate, having previously given notice to the agent of such commission, and to the assignees of his cflate and eftefts, of such his intended application; and the hud chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, lit,:! have power and authority to direct and order the afling cMimiliioners in the respective commissions named, or the major part of them, to certify to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, the conformity, or nonconformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matters as to them shall seem necessary, concerning the same,

(the said afling commissioners, or the major part of them, being thereby authorized and required so to do :) and it is thereby cmfted, that the said lord chancellor, lord keeper,

°t lords commissioners, shall thereupon have power and au-4 O 2 shority.

1

sevenl pcv-fons a^aiuit wltoMt com-tniftons have been ifTiicd Ih tween l May,

ami i Kov. 179^, have not obtained certificate*) althon^li they have eontonned to the fevtjal

fuel* persons may pr 1. chnu. as heiiVj dittoed.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

thority,- if he or they shall think fit, to dir: cl am! order an advertisement to be inserted in the Dnblin’firuz-'t'c, f.^r the allowance of fuel) bankrupt’s certificate, although the finte shall not appear to have been signed or confected to, by ib-r fifths in number and value of the creditors of fuel) kuik-rnpt, agreeable to the act of parliament made in the eleven:>[ and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, i'n the f,ur,c manner and form, as if the said certificate had bee;1, signed or consented to, as aforesaid: and whereas fiierc arc levcrnl persons against whom commissions of,bankruptcy have bceniimui under the great seal of Ireland, between the said first cl iv pi May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the first day of November, one thousand seven bundled and ninety-eight, who have not obtained their certificates umkr such Commissions, either through the obfiinriey of some of their creditors, or on account of some other unforeseen misfortunes, by which means such persons are deprived of the means of acquiring a livelihood for themselves and their respective families, although such persons have in all other respects conformed themselves to the several acts now in force concernin'; uncertified bankrupts: and whereas it is reasonable to make a provision for the relief of such persons, for which par-pose, be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ami commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after tile full day of April, one thousand eight hundred, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every persons and person against whom a commission of bankruptcy was awarded after the first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and on or before the first day of November, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and who in all things conformed himself, herself, and themselves to the several acts of parliament now ill force concerning bankrupts, and who have surrendered and submitted themselves to the said commission, and who have not been committed for contumacy, or non-conformity, and yet have not obtained their certificates under such commissions, to apply by petition to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lord) commissioners of the great seal, for the time being, setting forth the true circumstances of the case relative to such ’ 2 commiifwa

The Fortieth Year of George III. 333

commission- and certificate, having previously given notice to

A.D. 1800.

the agent of such commission, and to the assignees of his

t'slate and eflfedls, of such his intended application: and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners,

thall have power and authority todiredt and order the adtine Aaingcom-

1 3 miiuoners to

coniiuiifioners in the respective commissions named, or the certify to I. major part of them, to certify to the lord chancellor, lord c!""' keeper, or lords commissioners, the conformity or nonconformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matters as to tljem shall seem necessary concerning the same,

(the said acting commissioners, or the major part of them, being hereby authorized and required so to do ;) and the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, shall thereupon have power and authority, if he or they shall think fit, to direct and order an advertiseraent to be inserted UduuMf.

order an act-

in the Dublin Gazette, for the allowance of such bankrupt's vert, in D. certificate, although the same shall not appear to have been §!owance°of signed orconsented to by four fifths in number and value of cert,f!cate‘ the creditors of such bankrupt, agreeable to the act of parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, in the same manner and form as if the said certificate had been signed or consented to as aforesaid; and the creditors of every such bankrupt shall be at liberty to go maynicw before the lord chancellor, lord keeper, and lords commission- cause-era, and shew cause why such certificates should not be granted; and in case no sufficient cause shall be ftiewn to if cause lie the contrary within the time limited by the said advertise- ^tTmkai ment, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, and lords com- c‘,rVfi

r cate may be

missioners, shall have' power and authority to allow such allowed.

bankrupt’s certificate, the fame being signed by the said acting commissioners, or the major part of them, in the like manner as if the fame had been signed and consented to, agreeable to the said before mentioned act, and the fame being so allowed, shall be of the fame force and effect, to all intents and purposes, as a certificate allowed pursuant to the several statutes now in force within this kingdom.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for the Relief of Bankers who have flopped, or who fall flop Payment, and who have or shall conform to the Directions of the Act of Parliament of the thirty-third of George the Second, called the Bankers' A3.

fhmfday tht twelfth day of June, one thousand erj/rf hundredfroyal nfmi

JOHN GAYER,*D.‘CLtR. PARL.

334 A.D. 1800.

"T if WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in this W kingdom, in the thirty-third year of the reign of Recital of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An Act

bankers* ail, , rt rr j 1 i t '

33 G. 2. for repealing an act pajjea in the eighth year of the reign of King George the first, entitled, An act for the better securing the payment of bankers' notes, and for providing a more effectual remedy for the security and payment of debts due by bankers, it was among other things enabled. That where any banker or bankers should thereafter flop payment, and should within three calendar months next after such flopping of payment by any deed or deeds, vest his or their whole real and personal estates, or so much of his and their real and personal estates as should be sufficient, in one or more trustee or trustees for the purposes therein mentioned, that the estates real and personal to be granted by such deed or deeds should be, and Hand veiled in such trustee or trustees, his or their heirs, executors and administrators, according to the feverat estates, rights and interests of such banker or bankers, freed and discharged of and from his or their debts, (such debts only excepted ns are^ thereby entitled to a reference before other debts ;) and it was by said aG further enacted, that the persons of all bankers who should have flopped payment at any time between the first day of the then present session of parliament, and the fifteenth day of April, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and who at any time before the first day of the then fclfion of parliament, and the first day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, should have veiled his whole real and personal estate, or a sufficient part thereof, in one or

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

more trustees for the payment of all their debts, and for the defraying the expences of executing that trust, should be free from all arrests and executions at the suit of any of his or their creditors, until the fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two; but no provision is made by said act for the safety or security of the persons of such banker or bankers as should or might after the said fifth day of March!, one thousand seven hundred and sixty- NopWifoii"' two, flop payment, and veil his or their real and personal estates as aforesaid, from arrests or imprisonments: for re- of

medy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent fonjwho*'"' Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parlia- 5 ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, that all and every banker or bankers, who has or have flopped payment since the first day of April, which was in the year of our Bankers wfco Lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or who shall at any time hereafter flop payment, and who has, ‘ ap,;^ have, or shall have veiled his or their whole real and per- may her.-af«r fonal estates, or a sufficient part thereof, in one or more truilce or trustees, for the payment of all his or their debts, tL‘lu :iml

’ h ccimons, pro-

and for the defraying the expences of executing that trust, vl.fcJ tin? pursuant to the said in part receited act, shall be from thence- forth for ever hereafter free from all arrests and executions at the suit of any of his or their creditors, and of and from all the debts contrafted and owing by such banker or bankers, at the time he or they flopped, or shall flop payment; and [ncafeofar. in case any such bunker shall afterwards be arrested, prose- timaS cuted, or impeached, for any debt due before such time as «cm-he or they flopped, or shall flop payment, such banker shall be discharged upon common bail, and shall and may plead in general that t’nc.cause of such action or suit did accrue, before such time as he flopped payment, and may give this act and the special matter in evidence, and the certificate of such bankers conforming, and the allowance thereof, according to the directions of this act, shall be, and shall be allowed to be sufficient evidence of his having been a banker, and his flopping payment, and a verdict shall thereupon pass for the defendant, unless the plaintiff in such afliou shall prove that the said certificate was obtained unfairly and by fraud, provided that such banker shall not be 4 P j entitled

336 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

entitled to the benefit allowed by this act, unless the trustees in such deed named, or the major part of them, shall in writing under their hands and seals, certify to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or the commissioners for the cof. tody of the great seal of Ireland for the time being, that such banker or bankers hath or have in all things conformed himself or themselves according to the directions of the said act of parliament of the thirty-third year of his late Majesty King George the second, which said certificate shall be laid before the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, in order for the allowing and confirming the fame; and unless such banker make oath, or being of the people called quakers, solemnly affirm in writing, that such certificate was obtained fairly, and without fraud; and unless two parts in three in number and value of the creditors of such banker or bankers, who shall be creditors for not less than twenty pounds respectively, and who shall have proved their debts before such trustees, or some other person by them respectively duly authorized thereto, shall sign such certificate, and testify their consent to such allowance and certificate.

Certificated

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if reitcdfiir1" any banker who shall have obtained his certificate from the trustees dclittyli'c be- named in said trust-deed, or the major part of them, and shall have Hupped pay- his certificate allowed and confirmed, as by this act; is directed, (lifcharged^ he taken in execution, or detained in prison, on account ol any debt due or owing before he flopped payment, by reason that judgment was obtained before such certificate was allowed and confirmed, it shall and may be lawful, to and for any one or more of the judges of the court wherein judgment shall be so obtained against such banker, on such banker’s producing his certificate, allowed and confirmed to order any sheriff, or sheriff’s bailiff, or officer, gaoler or keeper of any prison, who shall have any such hanker in his custody, by virtue of any such execution, to discharge any such banker out of custody, on such execution, without payment of any fee or reward; and such sheriff or sheriff’s bailiff, or officer, gaoler, or keeper, is and are hereby required to discharge such banker out of custody accordingly, and is and are hereby indemnified from any action for any escape for his or their so doing.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any such banker or bankers who hath, or have flopped payment,

fbe Fortieth'Year of George III.

hereafter shall flop payment, ant] hath nr have conformed, or jj,.H conform to the said act, of the thirty-third of George II.c fc-con I, but who hath not; or have not obtained, or shall not have 0’-' -ine>l a total difcli wet-- from his or their debts arising or accru-previous to such iris or their flopping payment, ior want of I j. cr tl;-ir certiorates, shall have liberty-after the expiration of t'-clvc calendar months, from the day of the dare of every inch iled executed as aforesaid, by such banker or bankers, to apply by petition, verified by adidavir, to ;he lord chancellor, lord keeper, (ir lords commissioners of the great foal of Ireland for the time be-inr, letting for'-h the true ctrcuinfiances of the case relative to fitch (L’pptny el payment and certificate, (havinir previously given notice to the tndlces, or the major part of them, of fitch his or their intended application),"am! the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords ceni’iiidinners as aforesaid, limit have power and authority to direct and order the trustees, or the major part of them, to certify upon o:i!i to the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, the conformity, or non-conformity oi’ such banker or bankers to the fai l act, and such other matters as to them shall seem necessary concerning the lame; the said trullecs being hereby authorised and repaired ib to do, and the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners as aforesaid, shall thereupon have power and authority, if he or they Hull think fit, to direct and order an adver-tilcmciit to be inferred in the Dublin Gazette, for the allowance of such banker’s certificate; and in case no sufficient cause Hull be (hcu'ii to the contrary, within the time limited by the said advtr-tiicmcnr, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commission-evs as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to allow such banker’s certificate in like manner, as if the fame had been signed agreeable to the directions of this act, and to grant or make such order thereupon, for the relief and dildurgc of such hanker or bankers, iroin his or their debts as aforesaid, or otherwise as*to the bril chancellor, lord keeper, or lords coinml/Iioners shall leein proper; such certificate, if lb allowed, shall be as full ami effectual, to all intents and purposes as if the fame had been duly obtained and allowed, agreeable to the directions herein before mentioned, any law or ulage to the contrary notwithstanding.

337

A.D. 1800.

iSj-o. Chap. 22.

Such bankers as do not jrct their certificates within 12 months, may petition !. chancellor as herein-

40.

Vou XX.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

33 8

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act to quiet and bar all claims of Tythe Agijhnent for drj and barren Cattle.

That flay tht Twelfth J)ay of June, One thousand eight hundred, Royal dflent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLEIU PAU.

Yythe aglft-jnent has not been demand* c«l for more '{ban do year?*

No such tylhe shalt be demanded.

Not to exempt cattle where such tythe was usually paid witit-ia xo years.

WHEREAS tythe agistment for dry and barren cattle has not been demanded for more than sixty years last pad; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that no claim or demand shall be allowed for tythe agift-ment for dry and barren cattle within this kingdom, nor shall any suit be entertained in any court of civil or ecdefiallical jurisdiction for the recovery of the fame; provided that nothing herein contained shall he construed to exempt in any respect whail: :ver from the payment of tythe any kind of cattle in such parish or; arlfhes, or part or parts of this kingdom in which such tythe now is, or has been usually paid within the last. ten years.

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for more effectually preventing the burning of Ltd.

Thursday the Twelfth day of Jm% One thwfond tight hundred. Royal /(flint given,

JOHN GAYER; I>. CLER. PARA.

P/tfamMc.

A penalty of 101. per acrcfor burning and con-rary tv Jaw.

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament in force in this kingdom, the burning of land by any tenant without the permission of his landlord, has been declared to be an offence, and as such has been prohibited under a penalty, which is not sufficient to prevent the evil practice of burning land; therefore the more effectually to prevent such practice, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that any person who shall, after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, burn the foil or surface of the earth, or cause or permi: the

foil or futfface of the earth to be burned on any land in this kingdom

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Jom contrary to the provisions of any laws in force to prevent t - - A. burning of land, shall, instead of the penalties inflicted by any: the said laws, forfeit the sum of ten pounds (exclusive of rent payable by such person) for every Irish plantation acre; be burned, and at the fame rate for any greater or less quant’ land, such quantity to be ascertained in the same manner as .; rested by the said acts, or any of them, and such penalty to; sued for and recovered in the same manner as the penalties b; 'he said acts inflicted in respect of burning land might before the passing of this act be recovered.

CHAP. XXV.

An Act for granting an additional Duty on refined Sugars imported into this Kingdom.

H'Ur&hiy the Twelfth day of Jtmet cue tleufand eight hundredRoyal A(f:nt given*

JOHN GAYER, tr. CLER. PARE*

TOWARDS railing the supply granted to his Majesty, be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and rempotal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,' That there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every hundred weight of all refined sugars which shall he imported into this kingdom, at any time.between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and the twenty-fifth day of March, AnaJditi--one thousand eight hundred and one, a further duty of one

shilling and four-pence, over and above all other duties imposed cwt- «n resin-° r 1 i . r ' ct* lugai* im-

thereon, by virtue of an act pa fled this session of parliament, en- ported, sub-

tided, An act for granting for one year the several duties therein mentioned, in lien of all other duties parable upon the articles therein br rci:itcl1 - /. , oftl>i»fclli».

fkajied during the said term, and for regulating toe trade between

this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, or by any other act or acts of parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, the same to be raised, ant wered, collected, levied, and paid by the fame ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and powers, and be accounted for unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the same manner as the duty payable on the importation of refined sugar, by virtue of the said receited act, is thereby appointed to be raised, answeretl, collected, levied, paid, and ac-+ Qjt counted

34°. 2%? Fortieth Year of George' -III'.

A.D. 1800.

counted for, and that the same shall be subject to the like draw-hack, as by the said receited act is prescribed, wih respect to the duty on the importation of the refined sugars therein mentioned.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable the Barrack- Masser-General to carry Into execution an agreement lately made with the Trustees of the UIJier While Linen-Hall., near Newry, for the fate of their interest therein, and for vejling the fame in his Majesty, Us. Heirs and Sttccessors.

fiitlfij ticJirjl day of cm (loufrvtd:*l( iuiulred, Royal/tflcRtgiven.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PAXL

WHEREAS by indentures of lease and release, hearing date lefpcctivciy the thirtieth day of April, and first day of May, which was in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hun-iiidmturcsof dred and eighty-thrcc, the release being made between William Ujf« ami k- Ncdham of Newry, in the county of Down, esquire, of the one W-NVdinm part, and Achefon Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Thomjri'n, Glenny, all of Newry aforesaid, merchants, trustees eledetl an:! Ami.Tiiiomp- chosen by the several subscribers to the erecting and building the Gk’nnj, fur Ulster white linen hall in Lifdrumgullion, near Newry, afore-ercftiifgUic ^l"'> the other part, lie the Paid William Nedham, for the con-Ulltcru-liitu fiderations therein mentioned, did granr, bargain, fell, demile, re-Newry/ lease, and confirm unto the said Achefon Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Glenny, their heirs and assigns, all that piece, parcel, or plot of ground in the town-land of Lifdrum-gullion, in the county of Armagh, bounded on the north by Edward Corry, esquire’s field, and Mr. John Ogle’s field, on the eall by the canal bant, on the south by a new intended street, and on the weft, by part of the late Mr. James Pollock’s field, containing by admeasurement four acres two roods and thirty-four perches, Irish plantation measure, be the fame more or less, as the lame is set out and described, in and by the map and plan thereof thereunto annexed, fnuatein that part of the lordship of Newry which Ties in the county of Armagh, aforesaid, in trull neverthdels and to and for the use of the subscribers, to the expence of eroding the fai'd linen-hall aforesaid, and to and for no other use, intent or purpose whatsoever, to hold with the appurtenances unto the said Achefon Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Glenny,

in

5The Fortieth Year of George III. 341

in trust as aforesaid, their heirs and assigns, for and during the A.D. natural life and lives of his present Majesty King George the third, his royal highness George, now prince of Wales, and of his royal liigtmefs prince Frederick, bishop of Osnaburgh, and the survivor and i'urvivors of them, and for and during the natural life and lives of all such other person or persons, as should from time to time, for ever thereafter, be added thereunto, by virtue of the covenants therein after for that purpose mentioned, at and under the yearly rent of one pepper corn, if demanded, to be paid the first day of May, in every year, above all taxes and impofuions, quit rent, and crown rent only excepted, in which said indenture of release are contained covenants and clauses for the perpetual renewal thereof, from time to time, for ever, on the death or failure of lives, on payment of one pepper corn, if demanded, as a fine for every life so to be added and in/erted successively for ever, as . by the said recited indenture of release may more fully appear:

And whereas the subscribers to the said Uifter white linen-hall have expended and laid out several considerable sums of money in erect- Sums have ins; various buildings on the said demised premises, for the purposes aforesaid, but have failed and been unsuccessful in their en- buildings ileavottrs to bring a market of white linen to the said hall. In con- been unpio-sequence whereof, the said demised premises have, for several years J"a've! pad, remained unproductive, in the hands of the said subscribers, or their said trustees: And whereas the said William Glcnny, one \v. Glcnny is of the said trustees is dead: And whereas it is found necessary and <,ca‘l! expedient to build and erect barracks, in or near the town of it necessary Netvry, for the accommodation of his Majesty's troops, from time to time to be quartered therein, the right honorable James, lord Tyratvly, barrack-master-general of Ireland, hath therefore, by mailer general the direction of his excellency the most noble Charles, Marquis Cornwallis, lord lieutenant general and general governor of Ire- tniilew for land, come to an agreement with the said Achefon Thompson, their liitcrcll; and Andretv Thompson, the surviving trustees named in the said indenture of release, on behalf of themselves and the said subscri-bers, for the absolute purchase of their interest, and of the interest of the subscribers in the said demised premises, for the price or fuin of five thousand pounds sterling; but inasmuch as the said full- nifliiultyof limbers are very numerous, and many of them out of the king-

Join, and several of them are by reason of non age, coverture, or other disability, disqualified to grant and convey their interest therein to the said James lord Tyrawly, a good title You. XX. 4 R cannot

IV. Nedham elanni ^coi.

fald surviving trustees may con.vty laid premiies for 5000I 4C0l. to be paid to \V. Nedham, and 4600). to trustees, for subserilers;

&c. he vested in his Majesty on pay* oi J-hl

\T.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

cannot be made out, or the said Agreement carried effectually into execution without the aid of an act of parliament: And whereas the said William Nedham, in consideration of having given his consent that the said premises may be conveyed and assigned to the barrack-master-general of Ireland for the purposes aforesaid, claims the sum of four hundred pounds, to be paid to him out of the said purchase money of five thousand pounds, which the said subscribers have agreed to; be it therefore enacted by the King’s raoll excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the loids spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Achefon Thompson, and Andrew Thompson, the surviving trustees named in the said recited indenture of release of the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or the survivor of them, or the heirs or assigns of the survivor, to grant and convey by such proper deed or deeds of conveyance, as counsel learned in the law shall advise, for the consideration of five thousand pounds, to be paid and applied in manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, the sum of four hundred pounds thereof to the said William Nedham, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in full payment and satisfaction of any claim he hath, or may have for such his consent as aforesaid, and the residue thereof, being the sum of four thousand six hundred pounds fierling, to the said Achefon Thompson, and Andrew Thompson, or the survivor of them, or the heirs or assigns of such survivor, to be distributed amongst the subscribers and their representatives, in such ftiares and proportions as they are or shall be respectively entitled thereto, the said derailed premises, together with all honfes, edifices, and buildings, made and erected thereon, and their, and every of their rights, members, incidents, appendances, and appurtenances, unto the barrack-master-general of Ireland, and his successors; and that from and immediately after the execution of such deed or deeds, and payment of the said sum of four hundred pounds to the said William Nedham, his executors, administrators, or assigns, and the said film of four thousand six hundred pounds, to the said trustees, or the survivor of them, or the heirs or assigns of such survivor.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 343

vor, making together the said sum, or consideration of five A.D. thousand pounds sterling, the said demised preroifes, with all houses, edifices, and buildings, made and erefled there-on, and all the rights, members, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in any wise appertaining, shall be veil-

cd in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as the fame were granted and released, or meant, or intended so to be, by the said William Nedham to the said Achefon Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Glenny, for the cejiui que vies aforesaid, and the survivors and survivor of them, and for and during the natural life and lives of all and every such other person and persons as shall from time to time for ever hereafter be added and inserted to the time and term of the said recited lease, in pursuance of the covenants and agreements therein contained, at the yearly rent of one pepper corn only if demanded, free and clear, and freely and dearly acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of and from all claims whatsoever of the said William Nedham, his heirs and assigns, the said trustees, their heirs and assigns, and of the subscribers to the said linen hall, and every of them, their and every of their heirs, executors, adrnini-(Irators and assigns, and of and from all and every charge and incumbrance whatsoever, had, made, created, or done by the said William Nedham, Achefon Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Glenny, or any of them, or- any other person or persons whomsoever, provided such deed or deeds of conveyance of the premises to the said barrack- jniwitffirf maficr-general, shall be returned and certified to his Ma- exchequer icily in the court of exchequer by the barrack-mailer-general or his successors, within thirty-one days after the execution of fuel) deed or deeds, in pursuance of the laws notv in force, for the regulation of the barracks, and other 1'iiblic works in this kingdom; and the said premises shall Irom thenceforth be so veiled as aforesaid, subject to the fe-rer.il laws now in force, for the regulation of barracks in this kingdom, and for the several uses, titles, purposes md trulls therein specified and declared, as to the barracks for the accommodation of his Majesty's troops in this kingdom.

+ R 2

Receipt endorseil on deed shall be a sufficient discharge.

A public act.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the receipt or receipts of the said Achefon Tliompfon, and Andrew Thompson, or the survivor of them, or the heirs or assigns of the survivor of them, en-dorfed on such deed of conveyance of the said demised premises, for the said sum of four thousand six hundred pounds, shall be a good and sufficient receipt or receipts, discharge or discharges, to the said barrack-master-general for the payment thereof, and that the said barrack-master-general or his successors, shall not be accountable for the application, misapplication, or non-application of the said sum, or any part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, in all courts of justice whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Ireland.

Friday thtftjl day of Augajl, one thousand tight hundredRoyal difcnl givtn.

JOHNdAYER, D. CLEtt. PAUL.

Recital 6 ^TX WHEREAS in and by a statute passed in the sixth ' 'c'YY year of the reign of King George the first, entitled, An act for the better maintenance of curates within the church of Ireland, it is enacted, That if any beneficed clergyman, being a reftor or vicar, having cure of fouls, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, nominate and present any curate to the bishop or ordinary, to be licensed or admitted to serve the cure of such rector or vicar in his absence, the said bishop or ordinary having regard to the greatness of the cure, and the value of the ecclesiailicjl benefices of such reftor or vicar, shall, on or before the granting of such license, appoint by writing, under his hand and seal, a sufficient certain stipend or allowance, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, nor less than twenty

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

I'diinds per annum, to be paid or answered at such times as he shall think fit, by such rector or vicar to turh curate, for his support and maintenance, where there is a church already, or where a chinch hereafter shall be built; anti if it shall appear to the bishop or ordinary, upon complaint or otherwise, that any curate of fuel) rcdlor or vicar, lirci'.fctl or admitted before the said Hventy-fifth of March, in the year of our Lord one ihoufnnd seven hundred and twenty, hath not a sufficient maintenance, it shall be lawful to and for the said bishop and ordinary to appoint him a certain stipend or allowance in like manner as before mentioned; and in case any difference shall strife betweeti any ivflor or vicar and his curate, touching such stipend or allowance, or the payment thereof, the hi (hop or ordinary, on complaint to him made, shall fntnmarily hear and determine the fame, and in case of neglect or refusal to pay such stipend or allowance, may sequester the profits of such benefice for and until payment thereof.

I!. And whereas in many places the provision made in and by the said statute, and in and by a statute made in the ami iliTifo. fiift year of the reign of king George the second, entitled, !uV’^;Te /n cel for explaining and amending an act, entitled. An ail f.r the better maintenance of curates, within the church if Ireland, for the support and maintenance of such curate is now become insufficient, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the bishop or ordinary to appoint, under his hand and seal, any stipend or allow- Trim stipe»a, ance for any curate heretofore nominated or employed, ormayi, Cap-hcrcaster to be nominated or employed, not exceeding fe- {T^por^.r-venty-five pounds per annum, over and besides, on livings ‘"r where the rcdlor or vicar docs not personally reside four months in the year at lead, the use of the redory or vicarage house, and the garden and liable thereunto belonging, such use to be granted to the said curate for the space of twelve calendar months, by the authority of the bishop or ordinary, under his hand, and seal, with power in the said hilltop or ordinary to renew the grant from time to time; or a further fuin not exceeding fifteen pounds per annum, in

P.'OVtftoR i laid iA

346

A.D. 1800.

i Soo. Chap. 27.

ftipaids paid and recovered as by said recited acts.

house, garden and liable during residence WiJy.

Bishopor ordiii..iy may revoke giant, &c.

penalty on curate fur refilling tu gi>e tip jjaficfliun.

Oulinarics may licensc curates employed, although no nomination /IraJl he made to ordinaries by reflow, ice.

iCrdiraries may evoke lia nfes 1'um-

sppeul to archbishop.

The Fortieth Year of George ’III.

lieu of such house, garden, and liable, in case there shall be none such, or it shall appear to the bishop or ordinary not to be convenient to allot and assign the same to such curate; which said liipend or stipends shall be paid and recovered in such and the same manner, as the ftipcml piv-

able under and by virtue of the said before mentioned acts;

provided always that ?the said house, garden, and stable, shall be for the use of the said curate and his family, only during his actual residence in the said rediory and vicarage house.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the bishop or ordinary shall have power at any time, under his hand and seal, to revoke the grant to the said curate of the said house, garden, and liable, or any of them; and also to insert in such grant such terms and conditions, to be observed on the part of the curate, as he shall think reasonable; and also, that the curate shall peaceably deliver up the possession of the premises granted to'him at the expiration, or other fooncrdetermination of the grant thereof; and in case he shall refuse so to do, lie shall forfeit and lose, to the rcdlor or vicar, all such parts of his stipend as shall then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become due; and also the sum of fifty pounds to such rector or vicar, and which shall be recoverable in an action of debt.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that the authority of ordinaries to’ license curates, and to remove licensed curates, should be further explained, enlarged, and confirmed, be it enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the ordinary to license any curate who is or shall be actually employed by the rector, vicar, or other incumbent of any parish

church or chapel, although no express nomination of such curate shall have been made either in words or in writing to tlfe ordinary, by the said rector, vicar, or other incum-‘bciit; and that the ordinary shall have power to revoke summarily, and without process, any license granted to any curate employed within his jurisdiction, and to remove such curate for such good and reasonablccause as he shall approve, subject nevertheless to an appeal, as well in the case of a grant of a license to a curate who has not been nominated, as in the revocation of a license -granted to a curate, 2 such

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such appeal to be made in either case to the nrchbishop of the province, and to be determined in a summary

manner.

CHAP. XXVIII.

Ji /II for amending an Act passed this Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act to prohibit the making oj Malt and dfilling of Spirits in this kingdom.

Frilly tie f.rji day of dugujiy One ihoufuiJ eight hundred, Royal Tiffttt ghvn*

JOJJX CAVER, D CLER. PARI.

trT WHEREAS it is necessary to render more effectual an . iti»neecf-\ IX\I ' iary to amend

y y ad patted this fefiton of parliament, entitled, An melted aa

ell to prohibit the making of malt, and difilling of spirits in of tlu*

this kingdom for a limited time, be it enacted by the king’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent

of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this

prefrnt parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any person within this nomahtobc

J T made from

kingdom from and after the passing of this act, until the passingthi*

iirst day of September following, to make malt of any corn or grain whatsoever; and if any person shall, from and P'jkm-after the passing of this act, wet, or put into steep, or foifctud. cause, or fnffer to be wetted or put into steep, any corn or -train, or put on any kiln any malted corn or grain, or make any corn or grain into malt, or if any corn nr grain wetted,

'T put into flecp, or in any other pmet Is of making into

t.-.alt, shall, from and after the pa (ling of this act, be found a the possession of any person, nr in any place belonging to any person, every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty ;minds for every barrel thereof, and all such corn or grain - Hind in steep, or in the prorefs of making into malt be for-kited, and may be seized by any justice of the peace or :'ther peace officer, or by any officer of excite.

11. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for N" (i,!|it»

to l»r dillillitd

r>uy person, from and after the passing of this act, until the until i

‘it(l day of September following, to distil or make any fpi-

:’.s or stronc waters from any corn or grain whatsoever, or il:' p, w-

° , ualiyjl.and

d S 2 to S1- SJ.iriuo;

347

A.D. 1800.

t Soo.

34*

A.D. 1800.

r8co. Chap. 28.

jnd ail spirits, &t\ and calk* shall be forfeited.

' ottilsint! worms to he removed after notice as herein, j cual-

ty j°ti-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to brew or make, or prepare for brewing or making any worts or pot-ale from any corn or grain, for the making of spirits, or to make any Anglings from any fecit pot-ale; and if any person shall, during the fair! time, cifti! or mnlv, or cause, or fufler to be distilled or made, ar.y fueii spirits or strong waters, or make or brew, or cause to hr marie rr brewed, or prepare for brewing or making, < r have in hh or her pefiession any such worts or pot-a'e, or m-v:'-. <-r cause to be made, or have in his or her pofttiilon ary ft;:': 'Anglings, every such person shall forfeit the fun of fth-pounds, and also a sum of five pound? for tvery gallon of such spirits distilled curing the time aforesaid, at'd tile ljk»: sum for every gallon of such worts, pot-, !e, or sing’.kwi, or preparation for such worts, or pot-ale, or Angling,', brewed or made, or found during the fair! time, anti ail spirits or strong waters distilled or made during the time aforesaid, and all preparation for brewing such pot-a'e, and all such pot-a'e and Anglings found during the time aforesaid, with the vest'els containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any justice of the peace or other peace officer, or by any officer of excise.

III. And be it enacted, That every difliller who fJmll have in his posscfiion any still, Aral!, within three days after he shall receive any notice for that purpose from any justice of the peace, or officer of excise, take down, or cause to be taken down, the works on which every such still is set, and remove every such still out of the feat in which it is placed; and every difliller who shall have in his possession any Hill under one thousand gallons content, shall also, within three days after such notice, displace or remove, or cause to be displaced or removed, the worm of every fuih llill out of the worm tub used with such still; and if at any time after three (lays, from tile time such notice as aforesaid shall be given, to the twenty-eighth day of Angull following, any still shall be found on the feat thereof, or if the works in which any such still was set, shall not have been taken down, or 1 he worm belonging to any still under one thousand gallons content, shall be found in the worm tub used with such still, the difliller or owner of such still, or the person in whole possession the same shall be found, lbalf forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 349'

IV. And be it enacted, That all peace officers and officers of :;e rcvf-.ne, and their assistants, shall be indemnified for a! ids done by them finee the tenth d ly of Mach in this year one thousand eight hundred, mvil the passing of this act, as if this act had actual'y been in force on the said tenth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

V. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal any part of the said recited act.

VI. And be it enacted, Tlut all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures iiifluted by this act, shall and may be filed for, recover'd, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by sum vavs and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribsd, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of tile

A.D. 1800.

Peace officers, revenue officers and tlfillaats imkmtiilied for a-Sfcs fence ioM-ircfi, 1S00.

Not to repeal rccucd ad-

Fines, See. recovered at by 14 and 15 C. z. or any other rev, l.nv, with

like remedy cf I’jnc.'i],

reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An a SI far the killing of the excise or new unpost upon his Majesty, bi^ heirs and JiicceJfors, according to the book of rales therein inserted, or by any other law or la ws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and reenacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or tlicm-selves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to regulate the Mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons to serve in the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be J'ummoned and returned to the said Parliament.

*Thursday the twelfth day of one thous.vnl eight hundred, Royal sfjint givt/i.

JOHN GAYER, n. CLi:U. I'AUI.

WHEREAS it is agreed by the fourth article of union,

that tour lords spiritu.il of Ireland, by rotation of + 1"u!j >i>m-fcllions, and twenty-eight lords temporal of Ireland, elected temporal, imi for life by the peers of Iicl.ind, shall be the number to fit '.0,°‘j1’'.' Von. XX. 4 T and n-J u.i

35° 27’£ Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of lords of the ]8oo. parliament of the united kingdom, and one hundred commoners, (two for each county of Ireland, two for the city the part of of Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the college imperial par- of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and one for each of the imment} thirty-one moil considerable cities, towns, and boroughs), be the number to fit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of commons of the parliament of the united king-lowthe.; dom; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, lords spiritual by and with the advice and consent of the lords foiriiual

shallbcrc- J

turned for and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af-in rotation.’ sembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said four lords spiritual shall be taken from among the lords spiritual of Ireland in the manner following, that is to say, that one of the four archbishops of Ireland, and three of the eighteen bishops of Ireland, shall fit in the house of lords of the united parliament in each session thereof, the said right of fitting being regulated as between the said archbishops respectively by a rotation among the archiepif-ccpal fees from session to session, and in like manner that of the bishops by a like rotation among the episcopal fees, that the primate of all Ireland for the time being shall fit in the first session of the parliament of the united kingdom;

the archbishop of Dublin, for the time being, in thesecond; the archbishop of Cafliel, for the time being, in the third; the archbishop of Tuam, for the time being, in the fourth, and so by rotation of sessions for ever; such rotation to proceed regularly and without interruption from session to session, notwithstanding any dissolution or expiration of parliament; that three suffragan bishops shall in like manner fit according to rotation of their fees, from session to session, in the following order; the lord bishop of Meath, the lord bishop of Kildare, the lord bishop of Derry, in the first session of the parliament of the united kingdom, the lord bishop of Raphoe, the lord bishop of Limerick, Ardfert and Aghadoe, the lord bishop of Dromore, in the second session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Elphin, the lord bishop of Down and Connor, the lord bishop of Waterford and Lismore, in the third session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Lcighlin and Ferns, the lord bishop of Cloyne,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 33 c

(he lord bishop of Cork and Ross, in the fourth session of tile

A.D. 1800.

parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Kil- ' ‘*°°-

laloe and Kilfenora, the lord bishop of Kilmore, the lord

bishop of Clogher, in the fifth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of OITory, the lord

bishop of Killala and Achonry, the lord bishop of Clonfert

and Kilmacduagh, in the lixrh session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the said rotation to be nevertheless

subject to such variation therefrom, from time to time, as is

herein after provided: that the said twenty-eight lords tem- The ’8 lords

poral shall be chosen by all the temporal peers of Ireland in b«hormf!»l

the manner herein after provided: that each of the said I"'

lords temporal so chosen shall be entitled to lit in the house dt and in

of lords of the parliament of the united kingdom during his oriwpiturt,

life, and in case of his death, or forfeiture of any of the said lords temporal, the temporal peers of Ireland shall, in

the manner herein after provided, choose another peer out of

their own number to supply the place so vacant.

II. And be it enacted, That of the one hundred common- 6+earners to lit on the part of Ireland in the united parliament, Ikty-four shall be chosen for the counties, and thirty-six for the following cities and boroughs, videlicet, for each county of Ireland, two; for the city of Dublin, two; for the city of Cork, two; for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, one; for the city of Waterford, one; for the city of Limerick, one; for the borough of Bclfaft, one; fur the county and town of Drogheda, one; for the county and town of Carrickfergus, one; for the borough of Newry, one; for the city of Kilkenny, one; for the city of Londonderry, one; for the town of Galway, one; for the borough of Clonmel, one; for the town of Wexford, one for the town of Youghal, one; for the town of B.mdon-bridge, one; for the borough of Armagh, one; for the borough of Dundalk, one; for the town of Kinfalc, one; for the borough of Lifburnc, one; for the borough of Sligo, one; for the borough of Cathcriough, one; for the borough of Ennis, one; for (lie borough of Dungarvan, one; for the borough of Downpatrick, one; for the borough of Coleraine, one; for the town of Mallow, one; for the borough of Athlone, one; for the town of New-Ross, one; for the borough of Tralee, one; for the city

4 T 2 oi

cancice happen in said counties* ci-tic.r or bore- «*' «, n-elections shall be bfld, awd all other, towns, &c. shall cease to

f-lett (mlUld hereafter otlienvifi* provided)

persons concerned In such pretended elt^ions shall fufter penal tics, fee. as by JI5JI. 2.

On the day following royal a [Tent fur union, tlu-primatc, In’-ihnps of Meath, ICii-date and Derry shall be icprefcuta-tm«for torft fdlion;

on fame day at 13 o'clock louis tempo-ral Jliall meet, and tied 28 peers in manner lierefa dt-

1 cited-

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

of Cnfhcl, one; for the borough of Dungannon, one; for (he borough of Portarlingtori, one; for the borough of En-' ni&illen, one,

III. And be it enadad, That in case of the summoning of a new parliament, or if the feat of any of the said commoners tbs 11 become vacant by death or otherwise, then the said counties, cities, or boroughs, or any of them, as the case may be, shall proceed to a new election 5 and that all the other towns, cities, corporations, or boroughs, other than the aforesaid, shall cease to elect representatives to serve in parliament and no meeting shall at any time hereafter be summoned, called, convened, or held for the purpose of electing any person or persons to serve or act, or be considered as represen.tative or representatives of any othrr place, town, city, corporation or borough, other than the aforesaid, or as representative or representatives of the freemen, freeholders, householders or inhabitants thereof, either in the parliament of the united kingdom or elsewhere (mi-less it shall hereafter be otherwise provided by the parliament of the united kingdom) and every person summoning, calling, or holding any such meeting or assembly, or taking any part in any such election or pretended election, shall, being thereof duly convicted, incur and fuffsr the pains and penalties ordained and provided by the statute of provision and premunire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of Richard the second.

IV. For the due election of the persons to be chosen to fit in the respective houses of the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland, be it enacted, That on the day following that on which the . act for establishing the union shall have received the royal assent, the primate of all Ireland, the lord bishop of Meath, the lord bishop of Kildare, and the lord bishop of Derry, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be the representatives of the lords spiritual of Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom for the first session thereof; and* that the temporal peer; of Ireland shall assemble at twelve of the clock on the (arcs day as aforesaid, in the now accustomed place of meeting of the house of lords of Ireland, and shall then and there proceed to elect twenty-eight lords temporal to represent the peerage of Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom in the following manner, that is to say, the names of the peers shall be called over according to their rank, hj

5

the Fortieth Year of - George 'III. .353

{he clerk of the-crown, or hij deputy, who (hill then and A.D.

there attend'for that pnrpbfe, and each of ’the said peers ll>00-who previous to the said day, and in the present parliament, ilnii have sdlually taken his feat in the hoefc of loi'tls'of Ireland, and who shall there have taken the oaths, and signed ike declaration, 'Which are or shall be by law required to be taken and signed by the1 lords of the parliament of Ireland, before they- can fit. and vote in the parliament thereof, shall, when his-name is called, deliver, either by himself or his prosy, (the name of such proxy hiving beer, previously entered in ;l’ne' books of the house of lords of Ireland, accord-

ing to the present forms and tifages thereof.) to the clerk of the crown or his deputy, (who shall then and there attend for that purpose,) a-lift of twenty-eight of the temporal peers of It da ltd, and the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, shall then and there 'publicity read the f.ri-1 lilts, and shall then and there call up the said lists, and publicity declare the names of the twenty-eight'lords who shall be clinfon by the majority of votes'in the said lifts, and shall make a return of the said-names to the house of lords of the first parliament of the united' kingdom, and the twenty-eight lords so chosen by the majority of votes in the said lifts shall, during their respective lives, (it as-ropresentatives of the peers of Ireland, i:r the house of lords of the united'kingdom, and he entitled to receive -writs of summons to that and every succeeding parliament; and ir. case a complete election shall not be made of the whole number of twenty-eight peers, by reason of an equality of votes, the clerk of the crown shall return such number in-favour of whom a complete election shall have been made in one lift, and in a second lift shall return the names of ihofe peers who shall have an equality of votes, but in favour of whom, by reason of such equality, a complete election shall not have been made; and the names of the peers in the second lift for whom an equal number of-votes shall have been so given, shall be written on pieces of paper of a similar form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, at the table of the house of lords thereof, whilst die house is fitting, and the peer whose name shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliament, shall be deemed the peer elected, and so ij'ccclfively as often as the case may Vol. XX, 4 U require j

Return of the 2 S' peers chufen, to he »mJe to 1 Sic li'xife ofloidj oS‘ lt:;l par. lurns.uof united kingdom

v-'int shall !j-

done wiiet c fl.e number of votes happens to be eipul j

354

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

require; and whenever the feat of any of the twenty-lhoo, eight lords temporal so elected, shall be vacated by decease or forfeiture, the chancellor, the keeper, or commissioners of liow feats va- the great seal-of the united kingdom, for the time fceine.

cated bydeath ° O' . o-

or forfeiture upon receiving a certificate under the hand and seal of any as peersfli«U two lords temporal, of the parliament of the united hing-, bt fdicd. . dom, certifying the decease of such peer, or on view of ;l:c

record of attainder of such peer, shall direct a writ to he iffuod under the great seal of the united kingdom, to the

chancellor, the keeper,- or commissio'wrs of the great seal of Ireland, for the time being, directing him or the:; to cause writs to be issued by the clerk of the crown in Ireland, to every temporal peer of Ireland, who shall have fat and voted in the house of lords of Ireland before the union or whose right to fit and vote therein, or to vote at such elections, shall on claim made in his behalf, have been admitted by the house of lords of Ireland, before the union, or after the union, by the house of lords of the united kingdom; Mutters to be and notice shah forthwith be published by the said clerk of fheLondi'n thic crown, in the London and Dublin Gazettes, of the if-

amt Dunlin fujmr of fccli writs, and of the names and titles of all the gazettes;

peers to whom the same are directed, and to the said writ, there shall he annexed a form of return thereof, in which a blank shall be- left for the name of the peer to be deified, and the said writs shall enjoin each peer within fifty-two days from the tefi of the writ to return the fame into the crown-office of Ireland, with the blank filled up by inserting the name of the peer for whom he shall vote as the peer to succeed to the vacancy made by demise or forfeiture, as aforesaid, and the said writs and returns shall be bipartite, so as that the name of the peer to be chosen shall be written twice, that is once on each part of such writ and return, and so as that each part may also be fubictibed by the peer to whom the fame fluid be directed, and likewise be sealed with his-seal of arms, and one part of the said writs and returns so filled tip, subscribed and lealtil as above, Iliad remain of record in the crown office of Ireland, and the other part shall be certified by the clerk of the mown to the clerk of the patliaiiunt of the united kingdom, and no peer of Ireland, except such as lhad have been elected as oalistnl.c Tcprd'er.tative peers on the part of Lrelmd in the house of lords of taken and <k- thy united kingdom, and shall there-liavc taken the oaths and signol

claiatlonslkf-

ned by peers; the

o55

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the declaration prescribed by law, shall, under pain of sufferifig -A. fitch ’imiishment as the house of lords of the united kingdom may chap ^29 award and adjudge, make a return to such writ, unless he shall after the issuing thereof, and before the day on which the writ is returnable, have taken the oaths, and signed the declaration, which are, or shall be by law required to be taken and ligned by the lords of the united kingdom, before they can fit and vote in the parliament thereof, which oaths and declarations shall be either taken and mbferibed in the court of chancery of Ireland, or before one of his Mjjdiy’s justices of the peace of that pan of the united kingdom called Ireland, a certificate whereof signed by such justices of the Ccriiiicai«i« peace, or by the register of the said court of chancery, 1I1.-.H be w;ti, ^mrna* Iranflnitted by such peer, with the return, and shall be annexed to that part thereof, remaining of record in the crown oiliceof Ireland; and the clerk of the crown shall forthwith after the return nf the davof the writs, cause to be publiliic'-in the London and Lublin i;ui in gazettes, a notice of the name- of the person chosen by the majority of votes, and the peer so chosen, shall during his life be one of tin.- name of the peers to fit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of lords cLlfsu. of the united kingdom; and in case the votes shall be equal, the names of such persons who have an equal number of votes in their v'1"'

r t , (lone mien

favour, shall be written on pieces of paper ot a frmilar form, and votes are shall be put into a glass by the clerk of the parliament of the united c?l'‘l1' kingdom, at the table of the house of lords whilst the house is fitting, and the peer whose name shall he first drawn out by the clerk of the parliament shall be deemed the peer defied.

V. And be it emitted, That in calc any lord spiritual being a When a lord temporal peer of the united kingdom, or being a temporal peer of {j^Ij,0j'jcln. that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, shall be chosen by the lords temporal to be one of the representatives of the lords tem- ft, one of the pri.il, in every such ea!e during the life of such spiritual peer,

L.i.ig a temporal peer of the united kingdom, or being a temporal lord,tempo-i'urof that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, so chosen to priVcntativci urn-lent the buds temporal, the rotation of representation of the iritual lorJs shall proceed to the next spiritual‘lord, without re- proceed to pr l tn such temporal lord so chosen a temporal peer, that is to say, mulua. if such spiritual lord shall he an arehhilhop, then the rotation shall priveul to the archbishop whole fee is next in rotation; and if such ipiriuia) lord shall be a suffragan bishop, then the rotation shall proceed to thefulfragaii bishop whose fee is next in rotation.

VI. And whereas by the said fourth article of union, it Is agreed, that if his Majesty shall, on or before the first day if January next, declare under the great seal of Great- Bri-;U J tain,

3 3 6 rThe Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

tain, that it is expedient that the !o ds and commons of the

-o_n % 1

ioooo. . prefetlt parliament of Great Brit.f should be the members the respective houses of the first parliament of the-united kingdom on the part of Great Britain,' then the lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the members of the respective houses of the first ' parliament of the -united kingdom-on the part of Great Bri-

" I? on or be- tain; be it enacted for and in that case o'ulv, That the pre-lore i Jan. r , '

next, tiis Ma- lent memuers of the thirty-two counties of Ireland, and the tliauiwp"! two memkers for the'city of Dublin, and the two members

rmblonts.M for the city of Cork, shall be, and they are hereby decl.ircd

commons of ,_. ' 1

G. c. (killbe to be by virtue of this act, members for the faitl counties ami

cities in the-.first. parliament of the-unitcl-kingdom, ani that

for,? 15 1 c on a day and hour to be appointed hv his ftlaiefiv under the

present mem- J - r ' J

byrs f,r comu- great seal of Ireland, previous to the fasti first day of J uinary, Dublin an" "one thousand eight hundred and one, the members then laving

(Joik, fhjiH be members In first imperial parliament. How and wlieumembers for Trinity college, and for the cities and boroughs herein named shall he re-turned.

for the college of the Hoiv Trinity of Dublin, and for c.ich of the following citit-s or boroughs, that is to -say, the city of Waterford, city of Limerick, borough of B"lfaft, county and town of Drogheda, county and town-of Carrickfergin, borough of Newry, city of Kilkenny, -city of Londonderry, town of Galway, borough cf'Clonmel, town of Wexford, town of Yough'al, town of Bandon' Bridge,' borough of Armagh, borough of Dundalk, town of ' Kinfale, borough of Lisburn, borough of Sligo, borough of Catneiloug’n, borough of Ennis, borough of Dungarvan, borough of Dowi.pitriok, borough of Coleraine, town of Mallow, borough of Athionc, town of New-Ross, borough of 'Tralee, city of Caftsel, borough of Dungannon, borough of Portarlington, and borough of Enniflcillen, or any five or more of them, shall meet in the now ufunl place of meeting of the house of commons of Ireland, and the names of the members then serving for the said places and boroughs, shall be written on separate pieces of paper, and the said papers being folded up, shall be -placed in a glass or glasses, and shall successively be drawn 'thereout by the clerk of the crown or his deputy, who shall then and there attend for that: purpose, and ,t-he first drawn name of a member of each of the aforesaid places or boroughs, shall be taken as the name of the member to-serve for the said place or borough in the first parliament of the united kingdom, and.a return of the said names shall be made by the clerk of the crown or his deputy,4 to the house of com-6 mens

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

icons of the first parliament of the united kingdom, add a certificate thereof shall be given respectively by the said clerk *00-of the crown or his deputy, to each of the members whose name shall have been so drawn; provided always. That, it may be allowed to any member of any of the said places or said places m»y boroughs by personal application to be then and there made namehefore by him to the clerk of the crown or his deputy, or by de-duration in writing under his hand, to be transmitted by thcoihcrnull him to the clerk of the crown previous to the said day so appointed as above to withdraw his name previous to the drawing of the names by lot, in which case or in that of a vacancy by death or otherwise, of one of the members of any of the said places or boroughs at the time of so drawing the names, the name of the other member shall be returned as aforesaid, as the name of the member to serve for such place in the first parliament of the united kingdom, or if both wtirt (Sait members for any such place or borough shall so withdraw their names, or if there shall be a vacancy of both members arewith-at the time aforesaid, the clerk of the crown shall certify the vacancy of fame to the house of commons of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and shall also express in such return whether any writ shall then have issued for the election of a member or members to supply such vacancy; and if a writ shall so have issued for the election of one member only, such writ shall be superseded, and any election to be thereafter made thereupon, shall be null and of no effect, and if such writ shall have issued for the election of two members, the said two members shall be c,hofen accordingly, and their names being returned by the clerk of the crown to the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, one of the said names shall then be drawn by lot in such manner and time as the said house of commons shall direct, and the person whose name shall be so drawn, shall be deemed to be the member to (it for such place in the first parliament of the united kingdom; but if at the time aforesaid no writ shall have issued to supply such vacancy, none shall thereafter issue until the fame be ordered by resolution of the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, as in the case of any other vacancy of a feat in the honfe of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom.

35& The^-Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

VII. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall lay proclamation under the great seal of the united kingdom, summon a new parliament of the united kingdom Wlitnancw of Great Britain and Ireland, the chancellor, keeper, or commis-Sni!'cTking0f sioners of the great seal of Ireland, shall cause writs to be issued to domflnlUje the several counties, cities, the college of the Holy Trinity of lord th in Dublin, and boroughs in that part of the united kingdom called

writsTabe Ireland, specified in this act, for the election of members to serve iffiic(J, Scc.and in the parliament of the united kingdom according to the number emeu's i, herein before set forth; and whenever any vacancy of a feat in the

commons. jl0ufe ,of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom for any of the said counties, cities or boroughs, or for the said college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, shall arile by death or otherwise, the chancellor, keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, upon such vacancy being certified to them respectively by the proper warrant, shall forthwith cause a writ to issue for the election of a person to fill up such vacancy, and such writs and the returns thereon respectively being returned into the crown office in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, shall from thence be transmitted to the crown office in that part of the united kingdom called England, and lie certified to the house of commons in the same manner as the like returns have been usually, or shall hereafter be certified, and copies of the said writs and returns attested by

Cop'csof the chancellor, keeper, or commissioners of the great seal of Ire-retimis shall > i > o

be prefund land for the time being, shall be preserved in the crown office of r"c"°a'nd tali Ireland, and shall be evidence of such writs and returns, in case be evidence. the original writs and returns shall be loft.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXX.

An Act further to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his frefent Majesty, entitled. An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at AJJizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the fame, and also to repeal and amend Part of an Act, passed in the This ty-ninth Year of the Reign of his frefent Majesty, entitled. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for the better GJ/eHion of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Affixes, Commissions of Oyer and Ter-miner, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same.

Fri,l..y thtfirst day of Aitgijl, out ihrafatid eight hundred, Iloyat Assent givtn.

JOHN C.l VER, D. CLER. PAIL.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for the hitter colleHion of sums arising from forfeited recognizances, Recog,j. mi from finer imposed at affixes, commissions of oyer and ter- "ncc^ miner, and general gaol delivery, and sessions of the peace, continues and for the future application of the fame, it is enacted, That the bid aift thonld continue in force for four years, provided his present l,vcJ so lo"8: Majesty should so long live, to be computed from the passing thereof, and no longer: And whereas it is expedient that the said atl should be continued in force during the life of his present Majesty, be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall continue in force say,fl(|uH for ami during the term of his Majesty's life, (which God long pre- c ierve) and -no longer, any thing in the said act contained to the tv’s life, contrary notwithstanding.

11. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of By ri.cog. the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to amend an aB, fifed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An grand juries 4X2 aB

359

A.D. 1800.

360 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

p act for the belter collcBion offums ariftngfrom forfeited recognizance!,

1800" an^hrom f,na 'mP0fed at aJfizes> commissions of oyer and terminer ami Chap 30 general gaol delivery, and fcssions of the peace, and for the future

- application of the fame, it is enacted, That from and after the

tomakfa? passing of the said last receited act, the several grand juries of the lowances several and respective counties, counties of cities, and counties of

herein men- r , , ir 11

tJoneJ to_towns, shall and may at each and every assizes tn every year, allow nrhXraddt to tlle several and respective treasurers of the several and respective tional trouble, counties, out of the motiie* to he raised and levied in pursuance of the said last, and the said first above receited act, a sum not exceeding ten pounds by the year, and the grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, shall and may at each Easter and Michaelmas term in every year, allow to each respective treasurer of the county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, out of the monies to be raised and levied in pursuance of the said last, and the said first above receited act, a sum not exceeding twenty pounds by the year, which said allowance to each and every treasurer of the several and respective counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, is and shall be a full remuneration for such their encreased trouble, in addition to each and every other sum or sums to which they are entitled under any other act or acts. it would be

III. And whereas it would tend to the better execution of the accrulu all°W foid recited acts, if in lieu of any fixed sum or sums of money, the poundage to grand juries of every county, county of a city, and county of a town respectively, flioutd be empowered to present to the several and respective treasurers, out of the monies actually paid to the said respective treasurers, arising from forfeited recognizances and fines, a certain rate by the pound for each and every pound so paid as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited part of the said receited act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that from and after the passing of this

g. juries may aft, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several grand juries permit! to l^e several and respective counties, counties of cities, and coun-treasurers for ties of towns, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if account of they shall think fit, to present a sum not exceeding two shillings co^Izmch for evel7 twenty shillings, actually paid into the hands of the treasurers of their respective counties, counties of tities, and counties of towns, upon account of forfeited recognizances and fines, and set down to the credit of the several baronies, and half baronies, and parishes under, and by virtue of the provisions of the said herein before recited acts, the sums so presented to be paid to the respective treasurers of the respective counties, counties of cities.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 361

and counties of towns, which said sum of two shillings for every

A.D. 1800.

twenty shillings I'o paid as aforesaid, or such part thereof as the I'e- !8oo.

vor.il and respective grand juries shall so think,(it to present shall he, ami the lame is hereby declared to he a full remuneration for the emreased trouble of the respective treasurers of counties, counties cf cities, and counties of towns, by reason and in the execution of the said recited acts.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for dire ft fag the application of the Sum of Five Thou-find Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to ihe Dublin Society for the Improvement of Hu/lattdry and other tifful Arts in Ireland; and for granting to the said Society the father Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Friday tie f ft day ef August, ‘Cnt thcufini tight hundred, reyal njnl ,/un.

JOHN CAVER, X>. CCER. F4RL.

WHEREAS by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An act for securitig' ibe payment of the annuities, and if the interef- and charges upon the principal sums therein provided fir, ami towards discharge of such principal sums in such manner as jjr jom-therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majesty's "ft of tim Mi Treasury to receive certain Jams for a limited time in manner may bc lltuel therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majesty a certain c°ctru, U!n S° fim of money out of the consolidated fund, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, and for other purposes, it is enacted, That out of all, or any of the aids or fttpplies granted this session, there shall and may be issued to the Dublin Society the sum of five thousand five hundred pounds, to be applied in such manner as shall be directed by parliament, for one year, to the twenty-fifth of March, one thousand eight hundred and one.

11. And whereas it is expedient that a further sum should be granted to the said society towards enabling them ditm to grant

T .10, a furtherfum:

to carry into, execution the several purposes set forth in -their petition to the house of commons this session of par-Voi. XX. Y liament,

: jccl for iIk

and to jv.y

l)r X\\.-U

362 ’ The Fortieth Year of ' George III. A.D. 1iamerit, be it therefore enacted by the Kind’s most excellent 1 °nr

Ch n '’i by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parlia- raen,: afietnbled, and by the authority of the same, That tofUicty. ont of all, or any of the aids granted to his Majesty this session of parliament, there shall be issued and paid to the said society the further fern of ten thousand pounds, and that both the said fmns of five thousand five hundred pounds, and ten thousand pounds, shall be applied by the said society in manner following; that is to say. That a sum of one tltoufand five hundred pounds be appropriated thereout kv them, to be applied by their committee of agriculture in maintaining their botanic inflitution at Giaffnevin,' and in paying to Walter Wade, do dor of phytic, their proliflor in botany, a salary not exceeding three hundred pounds for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, for superintending the said institmiori, and giving a full course of lectures on botany, and til? application cif that feicncc to agriculture and manufactures; That a fnrliur fmn of three hundred pounds be applied thereout by the said society, in paying to Mr. William Higgins, their proftfior of chymistry and mineralogy, a salary for 011c year to the twenty-fifth day of March, cnc thousand eight hundred and one, for his attendance or, their claboratory, and giving a full course of lectures on the said subject; That a further Tom, not exceeding seven iiun.!'td pounds, be applied thereout by the said society in bounties on manufndures, to be paid on the falc thereof, and on fuel) mannfadures only as are not entitled to receive any other patliarm ntary encouragement, by bounty, premium, or grant; That a further sum, not exceeding three th'uiland pounds, be applied thereout by the said society. in preri iums for promoting agriculture and planting, and that tire remaining part of the said two sums of five thousand five hundred pounds, and ten thousand pounds, and faM tw<. sums all such parts of the foregoing several sums, except the mood! ai11 sum of one thousand five hundred pounds appropriated as aforesaid, as shall remain unapplied in manner aforesaid, shall -be applied by the said society in procuring agricultural examinations into all or any of the counties of this kingdom, in eroding drawing schools, exhibition rooms for

artists,

fn Mr.

V/. Ifbd-.i.r,

proftffnr of cliymtiity ii;<I mineralogy

/col. for bounties on salt of ma-

SMifachirw \

ocol. for promoting

agiiculture and planting . application of tlte remainder of

Cfhc Fortieth Year C'/ George lH, 363

artlfts, rcpofjtorics for implements of liufbnndry and mann- A.D. failures, buildings for a veterinary inumition, and such other buildings as the society shall deem expedient, in paying a salary to a veterinary prolcflor, and maintaining a veterinary institiition, in maintaining and extending their libraries, niincralogical museum, their other imifeunis, and their chemical elaboratcry and experiments, or in otherwise encouraging agriculture, planting, manufactures, and arts, and in obtaining and diiTuGng knowledge respcCling the flare.

CHAP. XXXII.

/A’ Jet for the better governing ami managing the Infirmary of the County of Clare.

Frid.y the J.rf; day sf dvgiifl, one Ihouf.i.d f'Jt f;:*idird7 Refill pvrrt.

JOHN GAYS?., l>. CLCX. r.IRL

T N order the better to conduce to the well governing' and managing the infirmary of the county of Clare tinder the -orporation created for that purpefe, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent’ Majesty, by and with the advice and eonfenl of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that as fonn after the patiing of this act ns conveniently may be, public notice shall be given by the trea- TnMfurrr

1 < ^ (:> Ciill U

n:rr-of said infirmary, requiring all members ot said corpo- im-ding of utii'ii to meet at the find infirmary, in the time therein to be tr.entiom J, to elect proper personss to he afling gover-".’ij’’"*1"!'. r.ors of said infirmaiv; and that t!ic members of said cor- ili«p. m'lor, poMtion who tliall he then and there assembled, shall choose r^ueu-jof by ballot five proper persons, members of said corporation, to lie acting governors of said infirmary, until thedirfl day nagcment. ot’June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and such five persons as shall, on such ballot, appear to have the grea-tell nmnher of volts, 11 all, during said time, together with the dmhop of the dinette, the rector of the parish in which such infirmary is filuaitd. and the two representatives ill parliament for said county, be adiing governors of said in-4 V 2 firmary;

Annual tledKon of 5 governors.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

firmary;.and they, or any three or more of them, shall, during said term, have the foie oroering, directing, and managing of fin'd infirmary, and all matters and things relating thereto'or concerning the same.

II. And be it enacted, That yearly, or- every year between the Gift and tenth dais.of May, the said corporation shall, in like manner, meet aml choose by ballot, out of the members of said corporation, five proper peifor-s. who, ivitlt the fcifliop of thediocefe, the rector of the-pafifn in which said infirmary is situated, and the two representatives in parliament of the county,' shall be afling gnven ors of said in- firmary, for one year, from the first day of‘June following,' and such persons,or any three or more of them, shall, during stich year, have the like foie ordering, ‘ directing, and managing said infirmary, and all-matters and things relating to or concerning the same.

None thatt HI. And be it enacted, ‘ That no person shall vote at rot'bce'n such election,- as a member of said corporation,-who has not emonth" keen a subscriber to said- infirmary six calendar months previous to such election.

In what cases IV. . :And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be

rewgover- r

nors shall be so elefled shall, for the space of two calendar months, be defied. absent from such meeting of the said governors as shall be

had within such two months, unless prevented by sickness, or such other cause as shall appear reasonable to such of the governors as shall attend at such meeting, such cause to be inserted in the minutes of their proceedings, every such person shall be incapable of being a. governor for the remain-

-der of said year; and in such case,' and in case any of the -said governors so elefled shall die or resign, the surviving . afling.-.governois shall, from time to -time, as often as it wlhall"fo happen, -forthwith proceed to elefl another member

of said corporation, to be an afling governor of the said in-‘Ifirmary for the remainder of said time, instead of the person ’-so rendered incapable of afling as a governor of said infir--:»aryror who- shall have died or resigned.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXIII.

365

A: D. rtion.

An Act for the Idler Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for the belter Management of the fforkhotfe and Foundling Hspital in Dublin.

Ft :daj thejirjl day of Auynjl, one tloufirJ right hundred, Royal diftni giv:*.

JOIIM GAYcrtj D. CLER. PARl.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in this kingdom in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulating the foundling hospital and workhouse in the city of Dublin, and encreasing the fund, for the support thereof, also for making provison for appointing a locum tenens in case of the death or absence of the lord mayor, or the president of the court of conscience; and whereas another act of parliament passed in this kingdom in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled. An act for amending an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, an ail for better regulating the foundling hospital and workhouse in the city of Dublin, and encreasing the fund for the support thereof, also for making a provison for appointing a locum tenens in case of the death or absence of the lord mayor, or the president of the court if confidence -, and whereas another act of parliament was passed in this kingdom in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled, An act for the better support and maintenance tflhefoundling.hospital-, and whereas in the thirty-eighth year of the said reign.one other act of parliament was passed, entitled, An act for the better management of the workhouse and foundling hospital in Dublin \ and whereas by an act of the thirty-ninth year of the said reign passed to continue several temporary acts, the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the said reign was continued in full force until the first day of Voi. XX. 4 Z May,

ltcc:tnl t i and 1 2 G« 3*

recital 15 and t6G.|.

recital 2; G. 3.

another act

pafttd mi 38 G. 3. which was continued to 3ill May,

1800, and etui of neat fcllion.

it is necessary to continue laid lad aft, and to niter the others:

all acts m force relatirc to F. hofpUal shall continue* except as hereby altered.

«Persons herein named shall be go-\ernors of W. lionfe and F. hospital, and have foie management.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

May, otic thousand eight hundred, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament; and whereas it is nectftary to continue and amend the said last mentioned act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, and to alter and amend the powers given and granted in and by the said several acts, and to continue all such parts of the said acts, and any other acts now in force, which solely or in any manner relate to the said hospital, as are , proper to be continued, with such alterations, amendments, and additions as are herein contained; wherefore be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and-temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, so much of the said herein before recited acts of parliament passed in the eleventh and twelfth, fifteenth and sixteenth, twenty-fifth,' thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years . of the reign of his present- Majesty, and all and every other act. and acts heretofore parted in this kingdom which now remain in force, and all and every part of any other act or acts now also remaining in force, which solely or in any manner relate to the said foundling hospital and workhouse, shall, and the same are hereby continued in full force and virtue, save as to such parts thereof as are in and by tliii aft varied and amended.

II. And be it enacted, That the right honourable John Denis, earl of Ahamont, the right reverend Eufcby, lord bishop of Ferns, the honourable and right reverend William, lord bishop of Killaloe, the right honourable Sackvil'ie Hamilton, doctor George Renny, major Maximilian Faviete, the reverend Arthur M‘Guire, Robert Alexander, esquire; John Godley, esquire; together with the chancellor of his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland for the time being, shall he, and they are hereby constituted governors of the said work-houCe and foundling hospital, and that they and the survivors of them, and such other person or persons as from time to time, upon the death, or resignation, or removal of any of them, or of any of the persons who shall be defied governors of the -said hnfpita! in manner herein after mentioned, or any three 01 more < f them, except in such cases where the presence of a greater number than three of '

f:iJ

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

said governors is required or circled, by this or any other act or acts now in force as to the said foundling hospital, dull have the foie and entire direction and management of ti'.e laid hospital, and of ail matters concerning or relating to the fame, as fully to all intents and purposes as they, or any former governors of the said hospital might or could do by the aforesaid recited acts, or any of them, and all piwers and authorities which might or could be, or were istvfully exercised by them, /hail, and may be exercised by the said governors and their fticcelTors, as fully, to all in-fats and purposes, as if the fame were re-enacted or particularly mentioned in this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, upon the death or resignation, or removal of any of the aforesaid governors or persons, and as often as any vacancy of a governor of the said foundling hospital shall happen, then the surviving or remaining governors of the said hospital, five at least being present, shall, at a meeting or meetings to be held for that purpose, proceed to elect, and shall elect fume fit and proper person or persons to be governor or governors, in the place and flc.id of the governor or governors dying or resigning, or of any vacancy of a governor or governors, and every person so elected {hail, to nil intents and purposes, be deemed and taken to be a governor of the said foundling hospital, and a member of the said corporation, and shall from thenceforth have the fame power and authority as- any governor herein before named and appointed, and as if his name were herein particularly inserted, provided always that no person shall be capable of acting as a governor, unless he shall be approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and where such approbation fii.iH not he made, the cleftion of such person shall be void, and it shall and may be lawful for the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, to remove any governor herein named, or who shall hereafter be elected.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person who by virtue of the growers contained in the aforesaid recited acts of parliament, was appointed an o/lieer or servant for carrying into execution any of the purposes of the said acts, or of any of them, and who shall be in the employment of

4 Z z the

When veraors refig* or die, others shall be defied by survivors, irljo shall he approved by JL lieutenant.

lord lieitt. may i emov* any governor.

PerlVtj tt Office im h r f iinvr at ;r-fluucoi.ti.iuc

'368

A.D. 1800.Ohap. 33

Governors way. diiVnifis officers, and appoint others$ and way apportion faUrlce.

Hilaries of fleers not 10 exceed 1190l. exclu-five of matters, miftrcf-Hes, nurses,&c,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

'the Taid-corporation at the time of the parting of this nfi, ’shall continue in such office or ft a lion, under the directioa and controul of the governors of the said hospital herein ' before named, or to be hereafter defied in pursuance of this act, and all such officers and servants shall have the fame power.and authority for exercising the duties of their respective offices, as if they were respectively appointed or nominated thereto by the governors appointed by this act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall "and may be lawful for the said governors and their successsors, or any five or more of them concurring therein, at a meeting duly summoned for that purpose from time io time, to remove any person exercising, or who shall he appointed to exercise any office or employment under them from such office or employment, and from time to time either upon such removal, or on any vacancy to nominate and appoint such other person or persons as they shall deem mofl competent and necessary for executing any of the several trusts and duties of such offices or employments respectively during the pleasure of the said governors, and to distribute and apportion salaries and allowances to such officers, or other persons employed or appointed, or to be employed or appointed, in such manner and in such proportions as the said governors, or any five of them shall think fit; provided that the salaries to be apportioned as aforesaid, shall not in the whole exceed the sum of one thousand one hundred and ninety pounds per annum, exclusive of the salaries and wager of masters and mistresses employed for the inflruilion of the children in the said hospital, and of the nurses, and male and female attendants on the children; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said governots, or any four of them, and they are hereby authorized to appoint and entertain all such mailers or' nrifireffes, nurse or nurses, servant or servants, as Avail be necessary to be employed in or concerning the hufipefs of said hospital, or of the instruction of the children therein, and keeping them at work, and them or any -of them to remove as they shall see Cause or think fit-; and on the death or iemov il of any of them, to choose others in their place, and a If, > to make and give such reasonable wages and allowances to them, or any of them, ^out of tht

funds

a

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

funds or revenues of said hospital, as the said governors shall think fit.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall be entrusted with the collection, receipt, or disburse-ment of any of the funds or revenues of the said corporation, and every person who shall be subject to any account,with the said corporation, or to whom any trust or charge shall have been committed by the said corporation, jkall from time to time when required by the said corporation duly account for the fame, and shall render such account on oath, or if a quaker, on affirmation before the said governors, if required so to do; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or any three or more of them, to summon to appear before them all such persons as they may think proper to examine as witnesses in any matter concerning or relating to the said hospital, or the funds or revenues thereof, and to examine every such person on oath, or if a quaker on affirmation, which oaths and affirmations the said governors, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer, and if any person who shall be so summoned, shall not attend pursuant thereto, or shall refuse to take an oath or affirmation, or to give evidence, every such person shall forfeit a sum ndt exceeding five pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or any three or more of them, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party, which shall he applied to the use of the said hospital, rendering the overplus to the owner.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall take any oath, or (if a quaker} make any affirmation, «hicli shall be administered by virtue of this act, or any of the aforesaid recited acts, shall forswear himself or herself, er shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or false affirmation, and shall be thereof convicted by due course of law, every such person shall incur and suffer the pains and penalties which by law are enabled agair.fi persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VIII. And whereas by the said former acts, a further or additional duty of six pence in the pound is payable for all and very the houses within the limits therein mentioned, wherein

369

A.D. 1800.

ChaiM3-

Persons concerned m receipts or difrurfemeats shall account upon oath.

Governors may summon witness, and examine them on oath*

5l. penalty H

persons who refuse to give evidence, to be levied by distress*

Persond who swearor affirm falsely, shall be pun-ished for perjury.

What Hi all be confidacd filling ale, beer, or fpi* rits, by retail* so as to tub* jt£l such house to the additional 6d. in the pound.

Governors may require lills of public houses every yjrar from the collector and superintendant magistrate of Dublin.

Vroof of i-eenfe shall he e vidence.

Said duty shall be payable after every 24 tune.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

there shall be sold by retail any brandy, ale, beer, strong waters, or spirituous liquors, according to the respective valuations thereof, on the inhabitant or inhabitants of every such house or houses, and payable for the purposes therein directed; and in order to ascertain what may be considered as a felling of the aforesaid liquors by retail, be it enacted and declared, that a sale of the aforesaid liquors, of any of them, in any quantity less than two gallons at any one time, shall be deemed to be a sale by retail of the liquors so fold within the meaning of this a(3; and every house within the limits aforesaid, within which such sale shall be, shall be charged, and chargeable with the said additional sum of six pence in the pound, according to the valuation of such houses respectively.

IX. And in order to enable the said governors the better to ascertain the houses in which any of the aforesaid liquors shall be sold by retail, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or any three or more of them, once in every year, at such time as they shall think proper, by a note in writing under their hands, to require from the collector of his Majesty's revenue of excise in the county of Dublin district, and from the superintendant magistrate of the district of the metropolis, a list, or account in writing of all licenses for sale by retail of any of the aforesaid liquors, which shall have been granted by them respectively within the limits in which the said additional duty of six pence in the pound , is payable, and the said collector and superintendant magistrate shall furnish to the said governors such lift or account, in which shall be set forth the name of every person licensed, and the situation of the house in which each such person respectively shall have been licensed to fell by retail.

X. And be it enacted, That proof that a license then in force was granted by, or on behalf of such collector or superintendant magistrate, to any person to fell any of the aforesaid liquors in any house within the said limits, shall be sufficient evidence of the felling of such liquors by retail in such house, and that such house is chawable with the said additional duty of six pence in the pound.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said additional duties or rates of six pence in the pound of the valuation of

371 A.D. 1800. 33'

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

all houses within the said limits, shall be payable in every year, commencing on the twenty-fourth day of June, in *ao which a license for the retail of any of the said liquors in

such houses respectively shall be in force, and shall be levied and paid as soon after the twenty-fourth day of June in each year as the same shall be demanded.

XII. And for the better information of the said governors of the said hospital, and to enable them to carry this act into due execution, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons authorized by them to inspect the books of rates and assessmensts of any parish Books of or parishes, liberty or liberties^ for the maintenance of the aMnent

minister thereof, in order to ascertain or regulate the rates of Par'n,.C!>

ma)' 0* ,n" and assessments to be levied and raised by virtue of this act, specled by

or any of the aforesaid recited acts, and to take copies there- shorize/by

of, and extra<9s therefrom, which inspection, copies and ff0,crnors-

extracts, the respective church wardens, vestry clerks, register and other officers, having the custody of such books of

rates and assessments, are hereby required to permit and

fuller to be made and taken without any fee or reward by

such person or persons, he or they producing an order for

that purpose, under the hands of the said governors, or any

dree of them; and if any church-wardens, vestry-clerk,

regiffer, or such other officer as aforesaid, shall refuse to

permit or suffer such person or persons so authorized as

aforesaid to inspect the said books, and to take such copies penalty on

and extracts therefrom, within the space of fourteen days dmvwftiy

after such order has been produced to him or them, or a c'1*’Uc’

' refilling to

copy thereof left at his or their usual place of abode, that such then and in every such case, he ,or they so offending, shall copt"^. forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds, at the discretion traft‘ of the said governors of the said hospital, to be recovered and levied by warrant, under the hands and seals of the said governors, or any five of them, by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, and the same to be appropriated to the use of the said hospital.

XIII. And for the better ascertaining the rents of such houses, and of all houses chargeable by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, where no valuations have been, or shall be made for the collection of ministers money, be it enacted,

5 A a That

Hoiv rents shall be afccr-tatned where valuations for rrmiitter’s money have not been made, for purposes of ihis'aei only.

appeals uyaintl such va uatiens.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

That if any of the houses already erected, or hereafter to be erected, at any place, whether parochial or extra-parochial, within the distance of two miles from his Majesty's cattle of Dublin, such miles to be computed at the rate of two thousand two hundred and forty yards to the mile, shall not at the time when it becomes necessary to assess such houses for the purpose of this act, have been valued for the collection of the ministers money, that then and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said governors of the said hospital, or any four or more of them, from time to time, and so often as it shall be necessary so to do, by writing under their hands, to nominate any three persons competent and conversant in building, when they shall think fit to make and ascertain a valuation of such houses, which valuation such persons so nominated or appointed shall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered to make and ascertain by view of such houses, and which valuation, when made, shall be returned to the said governors, with an affidavit thereunto annexed, made before one of the magi-llrates of the city of Dublin, or one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or county of the city of Dublin, which oath such magistrate or justice of the peace is hereby empowered to administer, purporting that such valuation was made by them according to the best of their (kill and knowledge, without partiality or favour to any person or persons concerned or interested therein, and that in making the same consideration was had to a fair and reasonable rent, according so the mode which has been usually pursued in valuing houses for minister’s money, and not the utmost rent for which the fame is or might be let, which valuation so made shall, for the purposes of this act only, and for no other purpose, be deemed evidence of the rent of such house or iioufes respectively, provided always, That if on an appeal to the said governors by the inhabitants or owners of such houses respectively against any such valuation, it shall appear, after proof on oath of the eircum-stances of such houses, that the valuation of such houses, or any of them hath been too high, it shall and may be lawful for the said governors to reduce such valuation to such sum j as they shall think fit, and the same shall be deemed the value of such houses respectively.

XIV. Pro-i

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XIV. Provided also, That all such houses as shall, after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, be valued pursuant to the directions of this act, shall be chargeable with and liable to the payment of the tax arising for the fame, according to the valuations at which they shall be so valued, from the commencement of the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of June next preceding the time of such valuation, in case such houses have been built for the space of one whole year before the said twenty-fourth day of June next preceding such valuation j but if not, then they shall be charged, and liable from the twenty-fourth day of June next preceding such valuation; provided always, That no house now built, or hereafter to be built within the limits aforesaid, and which shall be valued by virtue of this act, shall be valued for the jmrpose aforesaid, to a greater extent than any house may now be valued at for minister’s money; and provided. That so soon as any valuation shall be made of said houses under the laws now, or hereafter to be in being for regulating the said minister’s money, such valuation shall, from thence forward, be the accepted valuation thereof for the purposes of this act.

XV. And for the collection of the said tax and charge on the said houses, and the inhabitants thereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said governors or any five of them, and they are hereby autho-lized and empowered to constitute and appoint such and so many persons, and with such salaries and allowances as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding nine pence in the pound, to levy, collect, and receive for the use and benefit of the said foundling hospital, from the inhabitant or inhabitants of each and every house in the several pantiles and suburbs of the city of Dublin, and within the liberties of Saint Sepulchre, Thomas-Court and Donore, and of Christ Church and Saint Patrick’s thereunto adjoining, and within two miles of the castle of the city of Dublin, to be computed as aforesaid, the rates and taxes aforesaid, according to the respective valuations in the aforesaid recited former acts as herein before mentioned, and to appoint such salaries and other allowances to such persons for their trouble in col-lecling and levying such rates and taxes as they shall think

373 A.D. 1800. Chap. 33.

Hi.uks valued after 24. June, tSoo, Hull be chargeable from commencement of preceding year, if so long built.

houses not to be valued higher than for miniller's money* Sec.

Governor.* m.ty appoint cvHetlurs of said tax within limits herein deferi* bed, at 91! in the pound.

374

A.D. 1800.

1 tion.

Ciiap^_33-

ta* may Lc Iv'ial !>y tliilrcli;

to

£ive Icaiiiiv.

governors

inlr.rtcs In.m o.llc&on if ttiry do not ‘ account.

CUidtni from laid )u>fj)ital apprenticed ;i3 ferAtnts exempted Irom lax on ia*. vanu.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

proper, provided that the whole of such salaries and allowances thall not exceed the rate of nine-pence in the pound, which shall be collcfled within the limits or district aforesaid; and that in case of non-payment of any of such rates and taxes, the same shall be raised and levied by the said receivers or collectors, by distress and fate of the goods of the inhabitant or inhabitants, who shall at the time of such e.iflrefs be in, or occupy such house, and shall be by such receivers or collectors respectively accounted for, and paid to the governors of the said hospital, and the said governors are hereby required to take security by bond from each collector, so to be appointed with two good and sufficient fecu-iities for the faithful discharge of his office; provided also, that the said governors, or any five of them shall and may withhold from the said collectors their respective salaries, or such part thereof as they shall see (it, in case the fail collectors shall not duly and faithfully account to the fa-tisfadiion of the said governors for the money so by them received, and in all other respects fulfil and execute the trnfl reposed in them, and the duties of their said employment, any thing herein before, or in any other act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas it might encourage persons in the higher ciafies to take children from the said hospital for servants, if children apprenticed from thence in that capacity were exempted from any parliamentary tax, and by such encouragement the succession would be much encreased, and the institution rendered more cxtcnfively useful; therefore be it enacted, That no person who hath taken, or shall take any child as an apprentice for a servant out of the said hospital, shall be subject to any charge or tax in respect of any such apprentice during his apprenticehood, which now is charged or imposed, or may be hereafter charged or imposed by any act of parliament in respect of servants.

XVII. And whereas in the accounts of the governors of the said hospital, which have been audited by the commissioners of imprest accounts, several sums remain a charge against them for, infupers or charges formerly disallowed by the said commissioners, and also several sums which ap-

The Fortieth Year of George III. 375

pear to be debts due to the said 'corporation, but which A* from the nature of them cannot now be recovered, tire fc- ' ^00’

» vilDpi j

veral persons owing them having died or become mfolvent:

and whereas it would render the accounts of the said go-

vernors of the said hospital more plain and simple, if the l’iv'1 accounts r r . ~ may strike

commissioners of impreu accounts were authorized to strike out infupers,

out of such accounts such sums circumstanced as aforesaid; t'hichTppwr

be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the com- mwowrable,

4 jf they think

missioners of the imprest accounts, from time to time to proper, flrikc out of, and dedud from the said accounts the said infupers as aforesaid, and also such sum or sums as appear, or shall appear in the said accounts to be due to the said corporation, which shall be certified by the governors of the said hospital, or any five or more of them to the said commissioners, to be in their opinion irrecoverable, unless such commissioners of accounts shall in auditing the said accounts be of opinion that there is just cause to suffer the same to remain as a charge against the said governors.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed a piiW«c

aft, and m

a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such force until by all judges, juries, and other persons, without specially Isio'"a,’,<i '/leading the fame, and shall continue and be in full force ‘,’^of,'cxt

° IdEon.

until the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence until the last day of the then next session of par-

inraent.

5 B 2

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

376 A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, in kefpeft to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shallceafe to fend any Member to Parliament"after the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offees may thereby be dfcontinued or diminijked in P~alue.

Fritl iy thtfrjl day of sh'gvjl, one thousand eight hundred. Royal JJfenl given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PAH.'

Pr- bi- \ IT WHEREAS it is agreed by the fourth article of union \ between Great Britain and Ireland, that one hundred commoners, two for each county of Ireland, two for the city of Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the borough of Trinity college, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable cities, towns, and boroughs, he the number to fit and vote on the part of Ireland, in the Itoufe of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom: And whereas it is just and equitable to make allowances to bodies corporate and individuals, in respect to those cities, towns, and boroughs, which shall cease to return any mem-ber to'serve in parliament from and after the said union, and to make compensation to those persons whose offices Ihili thereby be discontinued or diminished in value; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by anil with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assemblci!, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of (hi; kingdom for the time being, -from time to time, and during Lonilicwe- pleafore, to appoint by warrant under his or their hand, poi'nV^eura- any number of commissioners, not exceeding five in the initiioners whole, to be commissioners for ascertainine the allowances

of conipaua-

lion. to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in respedot those cities, towns and boroughs, which shall ccafc to return any member to serve in parliament, from and after tin’ the said union, and also to individuals, in respetl ot

their

The Fortieth) Year of George III. 377

tllfir offices, which may be so discontinued or diminished as A.D. , aforesaid- 1R00.

II. And be it enacted, That each of the said commissioners shall receive a salary during the time he shall act as

a commissioner as aforesaid, at the rate of a sum not exceed- Lords of

ing the film of one thousand two hundred pounds per annum, mViTucftLi

to be payable out of the consolidated fund, which salary, ,ur fthdtitor 1 J ' J1 commimoner*

together with such further sums as may be requisite for the 120.il a payment of such persons as may be necessarily employed in fJrcontVigcnt the execution of this act, and for the contingent expences of JpnnTlfcute. the said commissioners, any three of the commissioners of "ant’! »’>r-

rant.

the treasury for the time being shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue, upon warrants being received from time to time for that purpose, ligned by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being.

III. And be it enacted, That each of the said commissioners so appointed, before he shall enter into the execution of his office, shall take the following oath upon the Holy Evangelists, before one of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, videlicet.

I A.B. do swear that I will truly and diligently execute the oath to he office of a commisswner for ascertaining the allowances to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in respect of those cities, towns and boroughs, which fall ccafe to return any member to serve in parliament, from and after the union between Great Britain and Ireland, and also for afeeriaining the compenfalion to be made to those persons, whose offices fall be discontinued or diminished in value thereby, and that I will adjudge the allowances vibich I by lawfall be empowered to make, in such manner as fall in my judgment be mof juf and equitable, m fill fad ion of the claims of thfe who fall appear to me bef entitled to such al-kviances. So he ip me God.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall, fofoon after their appointment as may be convenient, meet

in such place as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor nut. of or governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct, and shall fit from day to day, from eleven o’clock until three, for the purposes of this act, and that none of the said com-VeL. XX. 5 C niillioners

37 8 5The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

missioners shall absent himself from his duty aforesaid, with-1800. out license from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or unless he be prevented from attending to his duty by ficluicfs, the same to be certified upon the oath of a physician, which oath any magistrate is hereby empowered for that purpose to administer.

V. And be it enacted, That three of the said coromif-Theadju- sioners shall be a quorum, and that the adjudication which

aicntion of 3 A J

camraiffionus any three or more of the said commissioners shall make upon shall the claims or any of them, which shall be laid before them,

shall be final to ail intents and purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall be empowered to summon before them, and examine upon

Commit- oath (which oath any one of the said commissioners is hcrc-summoiTmt- by empowered to administer) all persons whole testimony ntfTes, ond they shall deem necessary for the purposes of this act, and examine them J j t 1

on oath. that every person whom they shall so summon, shall, previous to his being examined by the said commissioners, or any of them, take the following oath upon the Holy Evan-gelifts, videlicet.

'Omli to he I A.B. do swear, that I will full and true an fiver make to

"ll" such 1ueftlons lU J1,aM be put to me touching the'cl aim of compenfa-lion under and by virtue of an ail, entitled, li An act for granting allowances to bodies corporate and individuals, in respect to tkofe cities, towns and boroughs, which shall cease to Jend any member to parliament after the union, and to make compensation to those persons whose ofpccs may thereby be difeantinued or ditni-nished in value."

Persons who

VII. And be it enacted, That if any person so to be thaiibcpun- f'vorn and examined before the said commissioners, shall wil-jthed for per- fully and corruptly swear fallely before the said commission-jMr> ers on such his examination before them, he shall be liable

to be indicted and prosecuted for perjury on account thereof, and being thereof convicted by due course of law, he shall be adjudged to suffer the pains and penalties of wilful and ' corrupt perjury.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the allowance which shall be made by the said commissioners to any body corporate or & individual

The Fortieth Year of George III. 379

individual, or individuals, in respect of each city, corpo- A.^ D. ration, or borough, so cenfing to return any member as

above, shall amount in the whole to the sum of fifteen .__________

thousand pounds sterling, and no more, to be payable in the manner herein after specified. coiinj-urt-

1 titni

L\. And whereas certain offices, and the emoluments thereof, may in consequence of the union be hereafter dif- 03l.ea.iat continued or diminished in value, whereby the present pof- miyi'^Tr-fdlors thereof, or those who are entitled to the revcifion'f'V1; ?r

tliuiintfhci! !(

thereof by patents under the great seal of this kingdom may vCue:

Aider loss, be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or C.imniM.m-anythree of them may, and they are hereby.authorized to ^,'‘’."""^1 examine into the value of such offices as may be fb ditcon- ufnta;

J or who

tituicd, and into the diminution of emolument which may so fh-Wcr accrue, and shall from time to time, and so soon as they fiiali

ili hcie.liid,

be enabled, make report thereon to the lord lieutenant, or v"' other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, who upon such report being bad, thali order compensation to the persons so suffering loss as aforesaid, in the manner following, videlicet, if any office, or salary an- If taxed to any office, placed on his Majesty's civil list, shall n,ii t>- ,i;r-h‘ discontinued in consequence of the union, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king- >,

dom fnr the time being, is, and are hereby authorized and life, rcijuirnl to direift by warrant under his or their hand, that the Hilary annexed to the said office shall be paid, and payable to the person or persons posscfTed thereof at the time of the union, or entitled to the reversion thereof by patent as afore-iYul, during his or their natural life or lives, in the fame timmer as the fame was paid, and payable before the union, sltd such salary shall continue to he a charge upon the civil hit, so long as it shall be so payable as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That if any office or allowance, or Whereof

r ficei oremt)-

ar.y cniolument arinng from any oflice, fh;ul ccate or be di- not

ttiinillied by the union, and in consequence thereof, which

"v.s not paid, or payable before the union out of his Ma- cwfe,.rlie di-. ' minfilieJi al-

jriys civil list, in that case the lord lieutenant, or other lownnic*

&itf governor or governors of this kingdom for the time b'cTpIfei*

Icing, upon report being had from the said commissioners

thereupon, are hereby authorized and empowered to grant

'<n allowance, or allowances by salary during his or their

5 C 2 natural

jgo The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

natural life or lives, equal to the iofs which shall he afecrtained by ib'oo. the said commissioners, to be sustained in consequence thereof, by C!iap» 34. tjje pCrfoii or persons possessed of the said offices or emoluments at the time of the union, or entitled to the reversion thereof by patent as aforesaid, which salary or salaries shall be paid, and payable by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury out of the consoliiLual fund, upon warrant or warrants being issued for that purpose by the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom for the time being.

Xf. And whereas by a vote of the house of commons of the eleventh day of June, it was resolved, That a further hipply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make just and equitable allowance;, to bodies corporate and individuals, in rdped Voieofli. to thol'c cities, towns and boroughs which [lull cease to return any nj'un"’ member to serve in parliament from and after the union, the faitl 1800,fora sum to he raised and applied in such manner as parliament shall

further flip- , 11 1

ply fur com- hereafter direct; be it therefore enacted, That whenever the fan! «itia*lmi,j, commissioners, or any three of them, shall adjudge to any body aruiboronjjlis: corporate, or to any individual or individuals, or for any use or pur-P°*'e) which shall appear to them just and reasonable, due regard for payment being had to the nature of such corporations respectively under the awarded for powers of this act, any sum or sums in respect to any claims which tfon forbo ma7 1)C made for and on account of any city, town, or borough, rough* which shall so cease to fend any member to parliament, upon liich mems'of11 adjudication and certificate thereof being made, it shall and may b: each'wUI. lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors percent, in- of this kingdom lor the time being, to issue warrants under his or menta+janT, their hand to the commissioners of the treasury, to pay to such body, Mf'a"|d or l,ntl'es corporate, individual or individuals, his or their assigns, after. or to or for Inch uses and purposes as shall be so adjudged by the said commissioners, the turns i'o awarded respectively, by the adjudication and certificates of the said commissioners in the following manner, videlicet., the said sums shall be paid by five equal half-yearly instaiments of twenty pounds per centum each, on the princi-..pal Turns, with interest at the rate of five pounds/>er centum per aurni, from the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred andune, upon each instalment, until the same shall be paid, the first instalment of twenty per centum to be paid on the twenty-fourth day of . June, one thousand eight hundred and one, nftd the accruing gales, with the interest payable thereon as aforesaid, shall be paid by half-yearly payments, on every twenty-fifth of December, and twenty-fourth of June, in each and every year, until the whole shall lie paid, and the said instaiments respectively, and the interest thereon,

Ihal!

The Fortieth Year of George III. 381

shall be payable out of any monies which shall form a part of the A.D. confalidated fund. 1800.

XII. And be it enacted, That the sum of one million four hun- 1,400,000). (bed thousand pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the purposes

in this act mentioned.

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for vejiing in Trustees the rent Estates, situate in the Counties of Meath and Long ford, which belonged to Thomas Charleton, late of Curratown, in the County of Meath, Esq, deceased, and for making them a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying into Effeff the ckaritable Purposes and Intentions of the Will of the fat'd Thomas Charleton, and for other Purposes.

Friday the jirjt day of August, one thousand eight hundred, royal assent given*

JOHN GAVE*, D. CLEt. FAIL.

WHEREAS the said Thomas Charleton was, in and before the year one thousand seven hundred and r.iuety-two, seized in his demesne as of fee of the town and land of Curratown, situate, lying, and being in the county of Meath, and also of the town and lands of Moat- Thomas Farrell, (subject to a fee-farm rent payable thereout), situate, ^";c"79i lying, and being in the county of Longford: And being so of

seized, he the said Thomas Charleton, duly made and pub- town and lifted his last will and testament in writing, bearing date the ^madethi!’ twenty-eighth day of August, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in the words and figures fol- 1792. lowing, that is to say, " In the name of God, Amen, I wi, Thomas Charleton, of Curratown, near Navan, in the county of Meath, do make this my last will, declaring all other wills of none effect, and appointing the right honorable Arthur Wolfe, his Majesty's attorney general, Leinster-street, Dublin, my foie and only executor of this my will, and for his trouble in executing and felting in due form and motion the substarice of this will, paying all my debts and legacies as soon as may he after my death, I leave my said executor the sum of two Yol. XX. $ I) hundred

38a The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1S00. Chap. 35'

hundred pounds sterling -I leaiveiunt'o ;Jdhn iHoran, my present servant, (provided he continues with me at the time of my death) all my muficmnd other hooks, and organ, and one hundred pounds-sterling; I leaveahe annual rent of my estate at Curratown for ever, and the annual profit for ever also of Moat lease, nearEdgworthftown, in the county of Longford, and what personal effects I may die possessed of, as a marriage portion fund of fix.pounds sixteen shillings and six-pence, to any day labourer’s son of said or other adjacent counties, in case no residents are to be found in said counties of Meath and Longford, being such before, and at the time of marriage, from fifteen to thirty years of age, who shall marry with consent of her parents any day labourer’s daughter of said counties, from fifteen to forty years of age, producing a certificate of such marriage, solemnized in presence of, and signed by the minister and church-wardens of the parish where said girl lives, to their personal knowledge, or best information of reputable neighbours to said girl’s parents, and the four members of parliament, and the two high sheriffs, or any two of them for the counties of Meath and Longford, all for the time being, as trustees to manage this fund, convened and met in Navan,on the first market days of February and August, for the county of Meath, yearly, and on the last days for market for February and August at Longford in the county of Longford, yearly, giving public notice of such meeting in-every market town of said counties next previous thereunto, employing a clerk chosen unanimously, and ftvorn into office before said trustees, with sufficient security for his good behaviour in transafiing the business of this fund, finding himself in all necessaries, without further charge on said fund, under the controiil of said trustees, or any two of them, the annual salary of one hundred pounds, and no more: two-thirds of the rents of said lands shall be distributed in the county of Meath, and the remaining third in the county of Longford, yearly, free of clerk’s salary, obliging him to keep a true and..accurate account, so as no day labourer’s family shall have more than one daughter portioned by this fund, until all such day-labourer’s family in said counties of Meath and Longford, are first once served: Then to begin with the first family in the lift, and so on to the end of it, repeating this course continually. This will shall Hand 7 valid

The Fortieth Year of George III. 383

valid in opposition to all other wills that shall not have the A.D. word approved written before my signature as underneath, 1800. Witness my hand and seal, this twenty-eighth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, two. Indifpen-fable point with my said executor shall be to guard the said trustees effectually from impositions in the said marriage certificate, the clerk supplying the trustees with a true counterpart of his own lift of day labourers without additional charge. Thomas Charleton, (seal) approved. Signed,

t'ealed, published, and declared by the above mentioned Thomas Charleton, in our presence, and in the presence of each other have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses, at die request, and in the presence of the said Thomas Charleton, John Charleton, Thomas Pellet, James Wolfe Charleton, John Horati, whom I shall except against, as I am told that no witness can be a legatee, and that he has proved himself a true and faithful servant. Thomas Char-ieton." And the said Thomas Charleton afterwards duly CodicUto made and published a codicil in writing to his said will, bear- flldwiU' ing date the twenty-first day of December, in the said year, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in the words and figures following, that is to say, " I except and object against John Horan as a witness to my will, as I am told that no witness can be a legatee, which I mean and desire he the said John Horan should be, as he has proved himself a true and faithful servant, and I leave unto him besides what I have mentioned to him in my will, my two watches. Thomas Charleton. (Seal). Signed, sealed, published, and declared by the above mentioned Thomas Charleton, in our presence, and in the presence of each other have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses, at the reqtieft, and in the presence of said Thomas Charleton, twenty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, two.

John Bockahan, Bryan Bockaghan, Thomas Murlcy." And Hedtcdin whereas the said Thomas Charleton, departed this life in the month of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred i"g the will, and ninety-two, without altering or revoking his said will or dicSf*the°° codicil, save so far as the said codicil varied the said will. And the said Arthur Wolfe, (now the right honorable Arthur, lord Kilwarden,) duly proved the said will and codicil, in his Majesty's court of prerogative, in Ireland. And whereas the 5 D 2 said

3§4

A.D. 1800. Chap. 35.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

said Thomas Charleton died without ever having been married,

and without issue, andleft Andrew Charleton, the eldest son of

Richard Charleton,who was the eldest son of Andrew Charleton,

who was the eldest son of John Charleton, the uncle of the said

Thomas Charleton, his the said Thomas Charleton's heir at

law. And whereas an information was filed on the first

f t^rpe' day February, one thousand eight hundred, in his Majes-

monyofwit- ty’s high court of chancery, by the right honorable John

Execution'* Toler, his Majesty's attorney general, at the relation of Sir

jirovdhy William Gleadowe Newcomen, baronet. Sir Thomas Fether-Thos. Pellet:

fton, baronet, the honorableClotworthv Rowley, and Hamilton Gorges, esquire, and Alexander Kingston, esquire, high sheriff of the county of Longford, against the ft id And-ew Charleton, the heir at law of the said Thomas Charleton. in order to perpetuate the testimony of the witnesses to the said will of the said Thomas Charleton. And the due execution of the said will was duly proved in said cause by Thomas Pellet, one of the witnesses thereto. And whereas several of the tenants of the said estates of the said Thomas Charleton, have withheld their rents, and refuted paying the same to the said trustees named in his will, by means whereof the charitable intentions of the said Thomas Charleton have not been carried into execution: and it is apprehended that the powers vested in the said trustees by the said will of the said Thomas Charleton, are not sufficiently explicit to enable them to effcdluate his design and intentions, and that the said trustees cannot sue for and recover the rents of the said estates, and the said trustees are desirous, that a corporation shall be erected by act of parliament, effectually to answer the charitable intentions of the said Thomas Charleton, and that his real and' personal fortunes devised to the said trustees, shall be vefied in them as a body corporate, upon the fame trusts, and to the like intents and purposes, and under the same rules and directions as in and by the said will of the said Thomas Charleton are expressed and intended. And whereas the said Arthur, lord Kilwarden, the executor of the said Thomas andiXcome Charleton, hath consented that an act of parliament shall pass for the purposes aforesaid, and Sir William Gleadowe Newcomen, baronet, and Sir Thomas Fetherston, baronet, the present kpights of the shire for the county of Longford,

the

tenants have withheld rents; and powers of trustees are not fufftclently explicit, &c.

parties have consented to an act of

trustees

385

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the honorable Clotworthy Rowley, and Hamilton Gorges, esquire, the present knights of the shire for the county of Meath, William Thompson, esquire, the present high sheriff rf the county of Longford, and Charles Drake Dillon, cf-quire, the present high sheriff of the county of Meath, have consented to be trustccs for the purpose of carrying the truths of such act into effect. Therefore at the humble petition and request of the said Sir William Gleadowe Newcomen, Sir Thomas Fetherston, Clotworthy Rowley, Hamilton Gorges, William Thompson, and Charles Drake Dillon, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said Sir William Glea-do'.vc Newcomen, and Sir Thomas Fetherston, the present knights of the shire for the county of Longford, whilli knights of the shire for the said county, and their successors for ever, for the time being knights of the shire for the said county of Longford, the said Clotworthy Rowley, and Hamilton Gorges, the present knights of the fibre for the county of Meath, whilst knights of the shire for the said county, and their successors for ever, for the time bring knights of the fibre for the said county of Meath, the said William Thompson, the present high sheriff of the county of Longford, whilst high sheriff of the said county, and his successors for ever, for the time being high sheriffs of the said county of Longford, and the said Charles Drake Dillon, the present high fiiciifiof the county of Meath, whilst high sheriff of the said county, and his successors for ever, for the time being high flicrifls of the said county of Meath, shall he a corporation for ever, for the execution of the trusts of the said last will of the said Thomas Charleton, so far forth as the fame relates to the management of the estates of the said Thomas Charleton, and to answer the several purposes in the said will of the said Thomas Charleton c, ntained, and shall be called, and known by the name of the charitable trustccs of the estates of Thomas Charleton, esquire, deccaftd, and shall implead and be impleaded, fuc and be sued by that name: which said corporation shall conftft of the knights of the fibre for the time being, of the counties of Longford

A.D. 1800.

i 8=0. Chap. 35.

the rcjmf.m* tithes and (hciiiti of Longford ami Math (lift’d lie a corpora* turn for ever, for c- cn:tto»

of f.iu! limit: and ih.dl h;iu-a ic.il, Ac.

Trustees may appoint an agent, at I col. a year, and make bye laws. See.

no truflce shall be an agent.

Agent to give security, and lodge the money in bank.

duty of agent.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and Meath, and the high sheriffs for the time being, of the counties of Longford and Meath; and shall and may have and use a common seal, which they may alter or make new from time to time.

II. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the \said trustees, or any three of them, from time to time, to elefl and appoint an agent or receiver of the rents of the estates, which belonged to the said Thomas Charleton, at a salary not more than one hundred pounds per annum; and to make such bye laws, rules and ordinances, and from time to time to alter the fame, as they shall judge most convenient and needful for the good government of the said corporation, and management of the affairs thereof, and the effectual promotion of the good ends intended thereby, and to give such instructions and directions as they shall judge needful and reasonable, provided the said rules, ordinances, instructions and directions be not repugnant to the laws and statutes in force in the kingdom of Ireland. And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any three of them, to remove and displace such agent or receiver, provided always that no member of the said corporation shall ever be elected and appointed agent or receiver of the said trust estates.

III. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the agent or receiver which shall be so appointed in pursuance of this act, shall, before he be permitted to enter upon office, give such good and sufficient security for the just and faithful discharge of his office, as the said trustees or any three of them, should think proper; and shall at all times be accountable to the said trustees, or any three of them, when required. And that such agent or receiver shall be obliged from time to time, to lodge the monies to be received by him by virtue of his office, within eight days after he shall have received the fame, in such bank as the said trustees, or any three of them shall direct, to be accountable for the same to the said trustees or any three of them; and that such agent or receiver shall be obliged from time to time to transact all matters relative to the said charity, which shall be required of him to do by the said trustees, or any three of them, and as often as he shall be requited

The Fortieth Year of George III. 387

quired to give in a particular account in writing signed by A.D. him of all receipts, payments, disbursements, and transacti- _1 0, ons of the said corporation, and the same shall be then examined, audited, and subscribed by the said trustees, or any three of them, and shall then also give in a true and exa£l Hate of the funds of the said corporation, in order that the fame may be examined, and entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, such books and papers of the said corporation to be at all times open and free for the perusal of the several members thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the real, freehold and personal estates whereof charleton

the said Thomas Charleton died seized, possessed of, or cn-

titled unto, (subject to the payment of his debts, funeral torpor-

t , pota nerci*

rxpences and legacies, if any inch remain unpaid) shall be, uireftta. and the same are hereby vested in the said trustees and their successors, during the several and respective estates and interests therein, upon trust, to pay the expences of passing this act, and the execution of the trusts hereby reposed in the said trustees, and to pay all necessary costs and expences heretofore incurred in proving the will of the said Thomas Charleton, and all other necessary expences heretofore incurred, or that may hereafter inenr in carrying into execution the trusts of the said will, and subject thereto upon the fame trusts, and to the same uses, and for the fame intents and purposes as in and by the said last will and testament of the said Thomas Charleton, arc directed, appointed, and intended concerning the same, and to and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- Tlmcha-f.iid. That no other charity whatsoever, shall hereafter "'a;,

by the said trustees be blended or incorporated with the for hid intended charily, but that the same shall at all times for ever hereafter remain foie and distinct from every other charity.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- Towers «r hid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said iw trustees, and they are hereby enabled to sue for and receive r"elv‘ "ts' dl rents, and arrears of rent, now due and owing, or that

My hereafter become due and owing, by the tenant and 5 E 2 tenants

388 A.D. 1800. Chap. 35.

Poiren. at IruiUr. to cltlr.ik* or kafc Iuhus.

made oilier-wife shall he

void.

A piildick sft.

f.uiiu; ili; lijiit ol Ida

Sc-

The Fortk-.h Year of George III.

tenants of lire eftnics of the said Thomas Charleton, in the fame ample and hencfiei.il manner as the f.iid Thomas Charieton, if living, might or could do the fame: and that any suit or suits at law or in equity, commenced by the tiuitccs for the time being of the said charity, for the recovery of the vents of the said trust estates, or for any other purposes of the said charity, shall not abate by the deaths or removals of the said trnflees, from being thevifts or members of parliament, or of any of them, and that the truhees for the time being, may continue such suit or suits, in the same manner as if they had been the person or personscommencing such suit or suits.

VII. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- j said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the fa'ul ! truficcs, or any three of them, for the time being, from time j to time, by indenture under their common seal, to demise or j leaf: any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, vested in them j in pursuance of this act, or any part or parcel thereof, for j any term or number of years in cities or towns corporate j for building, not exceeding the term of forty-one years, ami in any other place not exceeding the term of thirty- years, so as upon every such demise or lease, there be referred and made payable half yearly to the said trudocs, an,! their successors, during tire continuance of such lease or lease; respectively, as much rent as can at the time of making such lease and Icafes respectively, be really and born jUc gotten for the fame from a solvent tenant, and so ns no fine or oilier consideration be taken for the fame, and that every such demise or lease be made in possession and not in rr-version.

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That all leases made of said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in any other manner than as aforesaid, Ilia! Lc null and void, to all intents and purposes,

IX. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That this a€c shall be deemed, taken and allowed all courts of just ice in this kingdom, as a public!: aft, without specially pleading the same; saving nevertheWfs to the king’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and fuccelf ns, asd to all other person and persons, bodies politic and cone-rate, their respective heirs, successors, executors and ailo.ni>

0 flr.lt/:.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 389

(Irators, (other than, and except the tenants of the said estates A.D. and lands of the said. Thomas Charleton,) all such right, title, estate and interest, both in law and equity, as they or any of them had, could, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of the aforesaid lands, tenements, hereditaments and premises, in and by this act veiled for the purposes herein mentioned, as fully to all intents and purposes as if this act never had been made, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts heretofore passed in this Kingdom, for the true making of Woollen Cloth, called and known by the Name of Old Drapery.

Friday thefrjl day of Avyufl, fine thousand tight hundred. Royal -dffmt, giyen.

JOHH GAYIR, D CtER. PARt.

WHEREAS the frauds practised in the manufacturec of f'*1"

- r , manufacture

coarse woollen goods, under the denomination of of old dm-old drapery, have greatly rncreaied during the last ten grail)"', years, in so much, that if some remedy be not applied' tocrease<l! prevent such practices, it is probable that the manufacture will be totally loll to this kingdom: And whereas one act passed in this kingdom, in the seventeenth and eighteenth 17s 18C. 1. years of the reign of his late Majesty, king' Charles the second, entitled, An act for the making of all forts of woollen doth, called the old drapery and' new drapery, and the true [{arching and sealing thereof by his Majestfs alnager within this kingdom, and one other act passed in this king- and iy & dom, in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of ,r° pa’,uy his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture of this kingdom, which acts, cx- therein

rr 1.1V j , nr.- nut ftiffi-

cept so far as they relate to the new drapery, cottons, and cic,: {lockings, and as altered by one other act, passed in the twenty-fiift. and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, for repealing parts of the beforementioned acts, and for other purposes, are now of force in this kingdom, but the regu-Vol. XX. 5 F Iations

39»

A.D. 1800.

ltion. Chap. 3'

lrrom i Nov. i8co> ail woollen

fiirmufg&urcs called old drape: y shall be of the length and bieadth, and shall contain the number of threads ntid bars herein appointed.

ranow ami fordl cloths.

ratteens ami oilier coavfe twilled goods.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

lations in them respectively contained, are found insufficient to prevent the fraudulent manufactures before mentioned, ’ and some further regulations are indispensably necessary, in order to flop the rapid decline of the manufacture of those goods, and to give encouragement and protection to the fair manufacturer; be it therefore enacted by_ the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of November, in the year one thousand eight hundred, ail saleable and vendible half-cloths, forest cloths, frizes, kersies, rugs, ratteens, flannels, plaidings, bays, carpetings, and all goods whatsoever, whether twilled or otherwise, which are made of wool, or partly of wool, and are commonly called and known by the name of old drapery, which shall be made, manufactured, vended, fold, or exposed, or offered to falc in this kingdom, shall be of the length and breadth, and shall contain the number of threads and beers in the warp thereof herein mentioned, declared, and appointed for the fame, and shall not. be made, manufactured, vended, fold, exposed, or offered to sale, in pieces of a greater length, or of a less breadth, and shall contain in the threads of the warp thereof, the full number of threads at the leaf! herein also mentioned, declared, and appointed, of and for the fame, that is to say, all cloths, called narrow cloths and forest cloths, to be woven in pieces, not exceeding in length sixty yards each piece, and not. to exceed that length when cut from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain twenty-two beer's at the least, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at least eight hundred and eighty threads in the warp of every fuclt piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of one yard and one eighth part of a yard, or forty inches and an half at the least, within the lifts in the loom, and when taken thereout; all ratteens and other species of conrfe twilled goods, to be woven in pieces not exceeding in length sixty yards each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain twenty-two beers at the lead, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at lead

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

eight hundred and eighty threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of one yard and an eighth of a yard, or forty inches and an half at the least within the lifts in the loom, and when taken thereout j all frizes and other species of coarse wool-

len goods of like description or kind, by whatever name woollen denominated or called, or to be denominated or called, to be fescriptan!^ woven in pieces, not exceeding in length eighty yards each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain twenty-two beers at the least, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at least eight hundred and eighty threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of one yard, and one-eighth part of a yard, or forty inches and an half at the least within the lifts in the loom, and when taken thereout; all kersies to be woven in pieces, not exceeding eighty, yards each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut ’serfiel' from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain fifty beers at the least, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at least two thousand threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of two yards and an half, or ninety inches at the least within the lifts in the loom, and when taken thereout; all flannels, plaidings, and other woollen, timnch, goods of like description or kind, by whatever name deno- otkTivoolkn ruinated or called, to be woven in pieces not exceeding in length one hundred and twenty yards each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every fuefi piece to contain twenty beers at the least, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at least eight hundred threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of twenty-eight inches at the least, when the fame shall be properly fcowered and dried.

II. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall After i raaiiufadurc, fell, or expose to sale any of the aforesaid any of the’ woollen cloths, not made conformable to the lengths, breadths, and rules aforesaid, or if any piece of woollen cloths not

madaaccord-

cloth, of what nature or description whatsoever, that shall ingtodim-aave a seam in it, or that shall be thicker or finer at the fa^ifor’'

5 F 2 ends, to Tale,

or found in . possession of any dottier, weaver, dyer, flieerman, Sc c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ends, or in' any other part of the piece, than throughout the whole of the body' of such piece, or which shall not be of equal fineness and' thick'ness throughout every part of the length and breadth of such piece, shall be vended, fold, ot exposed to sale within this kingdom, after the said first day of November, one thousand eight hundred, or shall be found in the possession of any clothier, weaver, dyer, fheerman, inanufaduref, shop-keeper, petty-chapman, dealer or retail, er for sale, then and in any of such cases the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any deputy or substitute al-nager, or other person lawfully authorized thereunto, and thdt all goods so seized, shall be sold by public audlion, one half to go to the Dublin Society, and the other half to the informer.

III. And whereas by the said act of the nineteenth and twentieth of his present Majesty, it is enabled, That every clothier and maker of broad cloth shall, at the time of making, W'eave, (lamp, or few into the head of the cloth, in distinct letters in words, plainly to be read at length, his name and place of abode, and every maker of narrow woollen cloth, the initial letters of his christian and surname, and the place of his abode; be it enacted, that from 'lams and and after the said first day of November, one thousand eight icworai1'’ hundred, every clothier, or maker of cloth, whether broad i cnd S or narrowi shall, at the time of making weave, or few in y piece of with coarse woollen yarn, of a colour different and diflinfl doth, and from the colour of the piece into each end of the piece, his " name and surname, and place of abode, in words plain and at colour, legible at full length, and shall weave at each end of every such piece of cloth, whether broad or narrow, at a distance not less than half an inch from the ends thereof, three (hoots at lead of weft, of a coarser kind than the weft used in the piece, and of a colour different and distinct from the colour of the piece.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person whatsoever, shall, after the said first day of November, one thousand eight hundred, flrctch or drain, or c&use or procure to be stretched or strained, any whole or long cloth, or any. half cloth, more than in the proportion of one yard, and one quarter of a yard in length, in every twenty yards of the length thereof, or more than in the proportion of one inch

Penalty for pvcr-ftri’tching or overtraining

cltfth.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 39J

in every twelve inches of the breadth thereof, then and in A.D. such case every person so offending, and being thereof I‘00‘ convicted, shall, for every quarter of a yard in length, such cloth shall be overstretched, forfeit and pay the flint' of ten shillings, and for every inch in breadth such cloth shall be over-stretched, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

V. And for the better and more easy discovery of the un- Tenter, t« dne stretching and straining of cloth, be it enacted, That and marked «s every owner or proprietor of any tenter or tenters in this kingdom, shall, and he, flic, and they, is, and are hereby tenter, required to measure such tenter or tenters as shall be made

use of for tentering of cloth, and to mark and number in figures, plain and fair to be seen, the true length of yards, computing thirty-seven inches to each yard of each tenter or tenters, beginning at number one, and so continuing to the end thereof, marking and numbering each yard plainly and didindly to be seen upon the top bar belonging to each tenter on the forefide thereof; and if any such tenter or tenters shall, after the said first day of November, one thousand eight hundred, be found not to be measured, and truly-marked and numbered as aforesaid, the owner or occupier of such tenter or tenters, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling for each tenter that shall be found not so numbered and marked as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That no person or persons hold- iol. penalty ing, occupying, or using any tenter or tenters, shall have,

keep, or use any such tenter or tenters with a lower bar f,r

‘ ' . OUT- llicl.il-

pin, ring, wrench, ring-head, crown-rope, engine, or de- iugmtcntcn. vice whatsoever, whereby or by means whereof the cloth placed, or to be placed in such tenter or tenters, can or may be over-stretched, and that every person and persons holding, occupying, or using any tenter or tenters, and having in his or her possession, or using any such inflrunient, engine, or device, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling for each and every such instrument, engine, or other matter, in his or her poil'efiion, that can or may be used for the purposes aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the said first I’rnahy for day of November, one thousand eight hundred, no clothier

or other person whatsoever, shall put, or cause, or Aider to &<.»!wjuitcn Voi,. XX. 5 G be ' :'

394 !The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. "he put into any woollen cloth any flocks, chalk, flour, ioooo. flarc}), or any other deceivable matter or tiling, upon pain to forfeit such cloth, in or upon which such flocks or other deceivable thing shall be put, and also the sum of twenty pounds fierling for every piece of cloth in which such flocks or other deceivable tiling rliall be put. iVtais

VIII. And whereas by the said act, passed in the seven-

‘'preformed by

17 anr) ja c. teenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, lV"i"4o°"r Charles the second, his Majesty's alnager, constituted as deputy. therein mentioned, is authorized and required, from time to time, by himself or his sufficient deputy or deputy’s fubili-tute or substitutes, to measure, view, try, weigh, and search all cloths, and other commodities therein enumerated, before they be offered for sale, whether they be of the length, breadth, and weight therein limited and appointed, and be made, wrought, and drafted, without straining or flrctching, and in case upon such measuring, viewing, trying, searching, and weighing, if the fame be found to be good, lawful, and meichantable ware, to search or mark the fame, as in the said act mentioned; and if the fame be found not to be merchantable, good, and lawful ware, but defective and deceitfully wrought and made, then to cut and jag the fame at both ends thereof, to note the fame defect, -without any seal or other mark, and if any of the f.iid goods therein enumerated, to be wrought or made within this kingdom, shall be offered or put to sale, or flopped for exportation, before they shall be measured, tried, featched, and viewed, by the said alnager, his deputy, or deputy’s substitute or substitutes, and shall be by him, them, or fume of them approved or allowed, and foaled and marked in manner by the said act appointed to he good and merchantable, then such goods shall be forfeited. And whereas by the said recited act, passed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty's reign, every such deputy alnager or substitute, is required to measure all cloths and other goods therein described, called the old drapery, while the fame arc fully wet, and previous to their being put upon the tenters, and immediately after to affix a seal on one end of every such cloth, and to stamp in words and figures plainly to he read and distinguished thereupon, his name and the length and breadth of such cloth, together with the number of such -z cloth

"Further duty of deputy abut

*9

'G.3.

The Fortieth Year of George III.- 395

doth so scaled by him, commencing each twenty-fifth day

A.D. 1800.

of March, with number one; and immediately after such _1'00'

doth shall be measured, scaled, and damped, to enter in a Lj

hoc!; to be kept by such deputy or substitute, the name and

place of abode of the maker, and the colour and fort of

doth, together with the length, breadth, and number on the

leal, which book shall be returned to the alnnge office, as in

iaitl aft directed, such seal to be called, the water seal, and

it is by filid :11st provided, that nothing therein contained should

take away, or be construed to supersede the necessity of the

f.iiti alnage feahpreferibed by the said act of the seventeenthand

eighteenth of Charles the second; be it cnaftecl, that from ami after the said first day of November, one thousand eight hundred, his Majesty's alnagcr shall, from time to time, by Alnageror Iiimfclf, or his sufficient deputy or deputies, substitute or nSciniol. substitutes, view and examine each and every piece of nar- lc" m;,mifilc-

Jlures in pro-

row cloth, frize, ratteen, kersey, flannel, and plaiding in «(s of maim.

the loom, and in the process of manufacture, and shall all found om-

reckon the number of beers and threads in the warp of b=*

every such piece, and in case on any such examination and f"7"1 lr"f

J r J fold.

reckoning, such alnagcr, deputy or substitute, shall find [hat the number of beers and threads in the warp of any fticli piece, is less than the number of beers and threads hereby required and directed to be in such piece, or shall find that the said piece is not fairly and honcflly made, pur-f'l.ml to the directions herein contained, then the clothier, w. rker, or maker of every such cloth, or the person or 1'crfons in whose pofllflion the same shall be, shall forfeit all end errry such piece of doth, or materials in the loom for tittltin'7 such cloth, and that all goods so seized, shall be fold fiy public auction, one-half to go to the Dublin Society, end tile other half to the informer.

IX. And be it rnafted, That the said deputy or substitute shmgers shall, and they are hereby required to be daily cm-j’lovul in vifiling and inspecting the several looms, mills, tenters, tenter-grounds, woikfhops and places within the respective districts allotted to them, where any woollen cloth lnr.ll be woven, milled, dressed, or (entered.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such deputy, or substitute alnagcr, from time to linie, as occasion shall require, in the day time, to enter

5 G a into

Drpuir al-wipers to ttt-fjK'Ct lonim, mills, II'JIU'IS, kc. daily.

Power* of i)cj>t,ty.;.ltta. j;irs 10 enter and fcarclt, Jcc.

2§6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1nto any shop or /hops, room or rooms, where any loom is 1800. Out-house or out-honfes, tenter grounds or warc-

houses, in like manner as such deputy or substitute alnager are now by law empowered to do respectively, there to search for any woollen cloth which he shall know or suspect to he in the process of fixing, weaving, milling, or to be on the tenters, or in any other process of the manufacture, or which he shall suspect: not to have the number of beers and threads in the warp thereof herein directcri, or to he 'stretched or {trained more than one yard and one quarter for each twenty in length, or more than one inch for each twelve inches in breadth, and for better discovering and preventing such abuses, to count and reckon the threads and beers in the warp of every such cloth, and to inspetl and measure or cause to be inspected and measured every such cloth, and in case of resistance or refusal by any person to permit and fusser such deputy or substitute alnager to enter the said places, or any of them, for the purposes riot, penalty aforesaid, or being therein to perform the said duty hereby 5nagtf'U1° required of him, the person or persons refilling or refuting, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds sterling, on con vision thereof before any one justice of the peace of the county or county of a city where the offence was committed.

XI. And whereas by the said recited act, passed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty, it is enabled, That every deputy or substitute to be appointed by his Majesty's alnager in manner therein directed, (ltall before he shall enter upon his said duty, take and subscribe the oath therein inferled, before some one of his Majesty's Inileadof just’ccs of the peace in this kingdom, be it enacted, That rc'ib'd'ly'19 cac^ anc* every f'10'1 deputy or substitute already appointed and 20 G. 3. by his Majesty's alnager, shall within one month after the bVd'pmyat- passing of this act, instead of the oath prescribed by the nineteenth and twentieth of his present Majesty, take and tutbetaken, subscribe the oath following, before some one of his Ma-jcfiy’sjufiices of peace in this kingdom, and each and every deputy or substitute hereafter to be appointed by his Majesty's alnager, in manner by the said act directed, shall in-ficad of the oath prescribed by the said recised aft, before -lie shall enter upon his said duty, take and subscribe the following

The Fortieth Year of George III. '397

(owing oath before one of his Majesty's justices of peace in this kingdom, videlicet.

I A. 8. da /wear, that I will faithfully, honestly, a.v.7 impartially, according to the bef of my fill and knowledge, execute the office of a deputy orfubfilulc alnager, fcarchcr, measurer, or inferior of woollen manufactures, called or known by the name of old drapery, within the distritl for which I have been appointed, according to the laws now in force for that purprfe.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any deputy or substitute Deputy al-

alnagcr, shall during the time he shall hold, exercise, or cn-

joy the said office, keeD a public house for the fa!c of ale, ;vapp^"[

J J 1 ms Kivping a

beer, spirituous, or other liquors, or shall be guilty of any pibiickhmifc*, misbehaviour or neglect of duty in his office, and shall be rnwgVeaing thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justices of the peace of the county or county of a city where such deputy or substitute alnager resides or acts in said office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices assembled at the quarter sessions in and for said county or city next after such conviction, and they are hereby required on the production of such conviction, or due proof thereof, to discharge and remove such deputy or substitute alnager so convicted from his office, and to certify such discharge and removal to the chief alnager, in order that he may prosecute the said deputy alnager, upon the bond which he has passed to the chief alnager for the due performance of the duties of his office, and such person so convicted and removed from his office for such offence, shall from thenceforth for ever be disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy the office of deputy or substitute alnager, and the chief al-aager shall forthwith appoint another deputy or substitute alnager in his room.

XIII. And whereas by one other aCI passed in this kingdom, in the twenty-first and twcniy-second years of his present Majesty's reign, for repealing so much of the said two acts of the seventeenth and eighteenth of Charles the iccond, and nineteenth and twentieth years of his present 'iVl.ijesty’s, as relate to the new drapery, and for other purposes, it is cn'aCled, That no higher subsidy, measuring and Waling fee should be paid on all parts of the old drapery,

Vo j. XX. 5 II other

398 The'Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

cither than broad cloth than is in the said act specified: And

1800.^ vvhcrcas the trouble and duty of the alniger is by the regula-,aP- 3! iat;ons t,erc;n contained'much encreased, and it is rcafomble The trouble ^at the-fee to him or his deputy, or substitute, should' he

ami duly of

sltinger is eti- encren fed in proportion do fuel) ' encreased trouble; he it

3r'-a-'-d- enacted, That in addition to the subsidy or duty, men Airing and sealing fee, by the said-aft-of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty payable, and to be paid on all parts of the-old drapery-other than- broad cloth, Additional there shall be paid., and payable to the aluager, his deputy or to atnagar. substitute, who shall view such goods-in the loom, and reckon and count the beers contained in the warp thereof, and in- spect the fame in the process of manufacture, and perform all the regulations herein directed," the further sum of one halfpenny farthing sterling for every twenty-four yards contained in each and every piece of half or narrow cloth,' forett cloths, ratteens ftizes. kc-ifies or rugs, and so in proportion for any letter number of yards, and the sum of one penny for every forty-four yards contained in each and every piece of flannel, plaiding, or goods of like description, by whatever name denominated, and so in proportion for any- letter number of yards, the said sums, and each of them, to be demanded, received, and paid to the said alniger, his deputy or substitute, in addition to, and to be levied and recovered, in like manner as the subsidy or duty,- and almge’fees, now by law -payable, may lie demanded, received, taken, paid, levied, and recovered, notwithflttndintj any thine in the said recited act of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Nut toon- Majesty's reign, contained to the contrary: Provided that upoi:Vro»d " nothing herein contained shall be conftr.ued to cncrcafc the ctotlis. subsidy or duty, sealing or measuring fee upon any braid cloths, but that the subsidy-duty, sealing and measuring fee thereon, shall remain the same as is now by law established. journey.

XVII. And to prevent oppression of journeymen, wo.k-

men, &c. shall , 1

not be paid in men, and labourers employed in the said manufacture, be li «mnS!es! enacted, That no matter, manufacturer, weaver, flieermsa, dyer, or other person shall pay, or cause to be paid, any journeyman, workman, labourer, or other person employed or engaged in or about t^c said manufacture, in cloth, or -ether commodity, in lieu of his wages 5 and in case any matter, mifirefs, employer, or other person, engaged in the

Aid

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

(iiJ manufacture, shall not within twenty-four hours after demand, pny every journeyman, workman, and labourer employed by him, her, or them, in or about such manufacture, the wa^es due-to such journeyman, workman, and labourer, or shall offer to pay the same in cloth, or other com-erditv, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the city or county where such maficr, mistress, or employer relldcs, and such justice is hereby required on application to him made-for thflt purpose, to Ammon such maf-ttr, mistress, or employer-before him, and to examine the parties on oath, and if he finds it necessary to summon and examine witBcflcs on oath concerning the matter in controversy between such master, mifirefs, or employer, and such journeyman, workman, or labourer, and if on such enquiry it shall appear to such magistrate that such mailer, mistress, or employer did omit or refuse to pay the wages by him or her due to such journeyman, workman, or labourer, or did offer to pay the same in cloth or other commodity, then such justice flinll and may forthwith order such master, mistress, or employer lo:pay the same, and in case the same shall not he pud in twenty-four hours afterwards, such magistrate shall IITiic his warrant to levy by distress and sale of the goods of such master, mistress, or employer, the sum which shall so appear to be due by him, her, or them, to every such journeyman, workman, and labourer, together with such recom-pfiice to such journeyman, workman, and labourer, for his lots by the ele-tention of, or omission to pay him such wages, a; to such justice shall seem reasonable.

XV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, each and every justice and justices of the peace, who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to ait as a magistrate or magistrates, within his and their jurisdiction, upon any complaint touching the woollen manufacture, and to execute and carry into effect and execution, this and every other act heretofore made relative to the said manufacturee, shall for each and every such wilful neglect or omission, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds sterling, one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, who shall fuc for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information agiinft such justice of the peace in any court of record, in this kingdom, to be com-e II 2 mcnced

If it appears

on examination before a justice that wa^es arc withheld) or of Tcted in cloth, &c. he may issue a watratii to levy wages am! iceom-pence by distress.

2cl. penalty on j'lftices iviio ncflcfil their duty under lhi> or any other act relative to the woollen nn-nularturc, on complaint

n il !>i»9in.mlhs; t moiety to informer, the oilier to Dublin Society.

4co

A.D. 1800. Chap. 36.

Informs-tions to be given within 3 montlisafter discovery of offence, See.

Notice to

perfotu

charged.

One liiilf of nil penalties shall go to informers, and the other to 11 Dublin Society, the latter to be received byjuiticcs, and transmitted immediately to treasurer of Dublin So--cicty. }

f *Justices to /end accounts of convictiuns within three months.

- The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

mcnced or brought within nine months after the offence committed, and the other moiety to the treasurer for the ti^ being, of the Dublin Society for promoting hufbindry, ar,y other useful arts in Ireland for the use of said society.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all information for offences that shall or may- be committed against this act, or the said former acts, or any of them, shall be made and given within three months after the offence shall be discovercJ, and all and "every such offence shall be enquired of, t.-ied, and determined, and conviction thereon made upon the cat!-of one or more credible- witness or witnesses, by any one or more justice or justices of the peace, in and for the county, or county of a city," where the offence .'hall be committed, notice being first given of the charge to the person or persons charged therewith, and that all such penalties and forfeitures as shall or may be levied or recovered, under, or by virtue or reason of this or the Did former acts, or any of them, shall, after-deducing the charge of such conviction, go and be disposed of, one half to the person or persons who shall give information of the.offence, on which the convi:-tion shall be made, and the other half to the treasurer for the time being, of the Dublin Society, for promoting iiuf-bandry and other useful arts in Ireland, for the use of the said focicly, and that such part thereof as shall be payable to the treasurer of the said focicly, 111 a 11 be received by the justice or justices of the peace, before whom such conviction shall be made, and by -him or them remitted without delay to the treasurer of said society, and the receipt or disciiarge of such treasurer shall be a sufficient discharge to such justice or justices, and-such justice or justices before whom any f.;ch conviction shall be made, shall within three months after such conviction, fend, or cause to be sent, an account of such convifliou to the treasurer of said society.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons who shall or may be conviiled as aforesaid, of any offence or offences against this a it, or the said former aits, or -any of them, shall not immediately pay the penalty herein, or in the said -recited acts, payable for such offence, such -justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be made, thall forthwith issue his or their warrant to levy tuck penalty or penalties by distress andfale of the goods and chattels

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ids of such offender or offenders, and in case fuel) offender or offenders shall not have goods and chattels fnflicient whereout such penalty or penalties can or may he levied, such justice or indices shall by warrant commit such offender or offenders iotiie common gaol of the county, or county of a city, where ike offence was committed, there to remain without bailor mainprize for any term not less than one month, nor cxeeed-intj three months, that such justice or justices shall think fit to older and direct, unless such penalty or penalties shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said several recited acts, passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his said present Majesty's reign, and every clause in them contained, which at the time of the passing of this act were of force in this kingdom, (five only as the same are hereby altered or varied) shall be and remain in full force, as if this act had not been made.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deputy alnager shall attend at the first general sessions of the peace in every year, to be held in and for the county in which he resides, and shall then and there give in a return to the clerk of the peace of the quantity and number of pieces and yards, distinguishing the particular kinds that he has measured and sealed within the lift year, and also specifying what quantity has been seized or forfeited, and what frauds kc has discovered within the last year, which return of the deputy alnager shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, amongst the records of the county, and in case the deputy al* ntiger (lmll neglect to give in the said return in manner herein before mentioned, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and be rendered for ever incapable of acting as a deputy al-r.jger.

401

A.' D.

1S00. Chap. 3f‘

Vlie.t' dif* trefr is not ftilnciciA* fcf.clcr may kc

committed.

Recited atfisof 17 & 18 C. 2. 19 & io 3. (e.tcepf as heroin) shall comitate in force.

Deputy

nagers to attend at first

general sessions every year, and giyc tn returns as herein dtre£U cd, which shall be kept amongst lc. coni*.:

deputy alna>

gcr shall be rendered in, capable, and

forfeit tol. jf

he «eglec\i.

5 1

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

403

A.D. 1800.

-1800.

CHAP. XXXVII.

‘-An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, and improving ft? ,/everal Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Pujfages within th Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, and for remv-ing and preventing all Encroachments, Ohf mil ions, ani Annoyances therein-, and also for establishing and maintaining a nightly Watch throughout the said Town and Pricinil; thereof, and for other Purposes,

Friday the First day of Ahtgufl, One thousand eight hundred, Rryal 'AJftnlgivin,

JOHSGAYHP. D, CUR. PAU.

-Tvamijic. T IT 7TIEREAS the town of Belfast is a very populous */ y market town and borough, and hath of late years greatly increased in buildings, and in yearly increifing in number of inhabitants, commerce and wealth. And whereas the several streets, squares, lanes and passages within the said town, are at present extremely ill paved and ill lighted, and the passengers are much incommoded by encroach,turns, obstructions, nuifttnees, and annoyances. And whereas it would tend greatly to promote the trade of the said town,

’ and the general prosperity, convenience, health, condor!, and security of all the inhabitants thereof, and other persons resorting thereto, if the streets, squares, lanes and paffnjcs were well paved, cleansed and lighted, and so kept, and all encroachments, obftmflions, nuisances, and annoyances therein removed and prevented, and a well regulated nightly watch established and maintained throughout the salt! town and precincts thereof, but the fame cannot be effectuated without the aid and authority of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritun) and temporal, and commons in this present parliament nssembled, anil so’ Commish ^ie aut!l0rily fame> lhat the sovereign and burgclfos

n,trsumifr of the town and borough of Belfast, for the time being, to-

’this act,

gCther with Hugh Montgomery, William Sinclair, Valcniirc Jones, the younger, Thomas Ludford Stewart, Robert Br.nl-fliaw, Narcissus Batt, William Clarke, Hugh Crawford, George Joy, John Houston, Edward M'Cormick, anil John Turnlcy, all of Belfast aforesaid, esquire, and their fuccct-

fors.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 40 }

Tors, to be from time to time elected in manner herein after jy mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and ib’oo. appointed commissioners for the purpose of carrying this act Chap. 37. into execution. ’ v '

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the said Hugh Montgomery, William Sinclair,

Valentine Jones, the younger, Thomas Ludford Stewart,

Robert Bradshaw, Narcissus Batt, William Clarke, Hugh Crawford, George Joy, John Houston, Edward M'Cormick, and John Turniey, or any of them, or any other person or persons who shall or may at any time hereafter be elected a connnissioner or commissioners in the place or (lead of them the said Hugh Montgomery, William Sinclair, Valentine IInTfll. lor.es, Thomas Ludford Stewart, Robert Brad (haw, Narcif- l"r'com‘ fus Batt, William Clarke, Hugh Cratvford, George Joy, Unit be deft. John Houston, Edward M'Cormick, and John Turniey, or any of them, or their or any of their successors, to be elected and appointed commissioners in manner herein after mentioned shall depart this life, or shall resign, or refuse to act ns a commissioner, or shall cease to be a resident house-holder or resident householders within the said town of Belfast, or within the precincts thereof, then and in any of the said cases, and so often as the same shall happen, the sovereign of the said town for the time being shall, and he is hereby required to give fourteen days public notice thereof in writing, posted on the mnrkct-house in the said town, and to ftimroon in such notice all the inhabitants of the said town, who shall Rand assessed to the parish rates, at the sum of twenty shillings, to meet upon a certain day, and at a certain t.rnir and place, to be appointed by him in such notice, for the election of a succesl'or or fucccilors, to fill the va-i-.tncy or vacancies occasioned by such death, resignation, or refusal to act as a coinmilfinner or commissioners of such person or persons, or by his or their coaling to be a resident householder or resident householders as aforesaid.

III. And in case any difference of opinion shall arise among the said inhabitants respecting the nomination of the person or persons to be elected by them to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the same shall be determined by the votes of;i majority of the said inhabitants then and there assembled, and when, and so soon as such fitccessor or fucreftbr-i fits!

504 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Chap. 37.

Who shall have been so elected, be and they shall be entitled to act as a rommissioner or commissioners, and shall have, and be invefied with the like powers and authorities as are hereby given to any of the commissioners herein before appointed for carrying this act into execution, as fully and efiedlually to all intents and purposes, as if he or they had been speci-a!y named in this act; provided always, that no person, favc and except the sovereign and b-urgcsses of the corporation of Belfast, hereafter to he elected a comrr-issioner to ft!

iwrr'Iicfi t ar,y vacanc7 occasioned in manner afore-fijid, shall be capa- lwtc’fur. hie of being so elected, or be qualified to act as a commis-

'ficner, who shall not be a householder and reiiriuit within the town rf Belfast: or prccindls thereof, and shall not have, been such for twelve calendar months, immediately before (he time of fuel) eJcflion; and for the better effectunting ihe purposes rf this act, be it further enacted, That the inhabitants, householders of the town of Belfast aforesaid, resident within the said town and precincts thereof, assessed to the »> ramount aforesaid, shall assemble at a vestry, to be called by ctI t, u- ;i the vicar of the said parish, or in case of his absence, ill S'"*10 health, or death, by the curate thereof, in the usual manner

milTiimr.s, ns of calling vefliics upon the second Thursday after the pafiin:' J'e.cmdi- u . r '

reatd, this act, or within eight days then after; and also on the second Thursday in the month of February in every year afterwards, between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, and shall cleft and appoint any number of personss being house-holders, resident in the said town of Bcl-fast, r.ot exceeding twenty-one, nor less than nine; to be a committee, and such persons so elected and appointed shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed a committee for a flirting the said commissioners in carrying this act into execution, and for the superintendanee of all the works to he cat tied on and performed, by virtue of this act, and for making the rates or applotments upon the inhabitants of the said town, and examining the bills and accounts of the several personss !o be employed under the powers of this act, and for ce'rtifvin;? to the commissioners fuel) bills, and other

O

allow anus for payment, as they shall find to be fair and just, or < I jeeing lo the payment of such as shall Lx found otherwise (the salaries allowed by the commissioncts lo their officers,

2

and

The Fortieth Year of George III. 405

and the contingent expences of the commission only excepted) A.D. on which certificates for payment, but not without it, the *8o°' said commissioners, or any three or more of them shall, from time to time, when they have approved of such bills, order the same to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be QuaiiSa-capable of being elected a commissioner by virtue of this

aft, or shall be qualified to act as such, unless he shall in his own right, or in right of his wife, be in the actual possession or receipt of the rents and profits to his own -use, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, either freehold or leasehold, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, or be possessed of, or then entitled to a personal estate to the amount or value of two thousand pounds, or be a member of parliament, or heir apparent of a peer or lord of parliament; and that no person shall be capable of being elected or appointed a committee man by virtue of this act, or shall ol commuuc

" ' men.

be qualified to act as such, unless he shall be then resident, and a liouleholder in the said town of Belfast, and seized and possessed of a real or personal estate together, of the value of one thousand pounds; and that all and every election or elections of any person or persons so herein before declared to be incapable of being elected as aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void, and the several persons herein before empowered to elect, shall proceed to a new election or elections, as if such election or elections so declared void had not been made-

V. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and

Sovereign

declared, That the sovereign and burgesses of the said town and

borough of Belfast for the time being, shall at all times hereafter commission. be commissioners for putting this act into execution, and that the being sovereign or burgess shall be a sufficient qualification to them and every of them, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person who shall Noeom-

be elected a commissioner, or who is specially nominated such in mtflioneror ’ r J committee

and by this act, shall be capable of acting as such, who shall hold man shall hold any office of profit relative to, or have any share, or be any way pr,jit'm be iiiterelted or concerned in any contract or work to be done in or '"'eiciW in

contrails or

about the execution of any of the powers of this act, nor shall works under any person to be elected a committee man as aforesaid be capable naj^y on com-of acting as a committee man, who shall hold any office of profit mi(r- 'oo1'

1 . on com. nun

relative to, or have any share, or be any way interested or con- 50l. cerned in any contract or work to be done by virtue or in pur-Vol, XX- 5 K fttance

’-406 '-The 'Fortieth Ycarbf George’lII.

A.D. 1800.

fuance of this present act, bat;every such commissioner and cora-. taittce man shall in any. or either of fitch cases, so long as lie ! shall-held such office, or be so interested or concerned as aforesaiil,

be disqualified to ail as a commissioner or committee man, anything herein-contained to the c- ntravy- nottvithAanding; and in case any person who shall be elected a commissioner nofbeing qualified, or any person specially nominated (ueh,-in and by. this act becoming so disqualilied a'l.aforesaid- for a commissioner,-ffiuil neverthelelg; prefmne to aft as a. rominiilioner in the execution of thisajS, every such.-perfion (Itall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall-sue for the same 5-and in case any such person net being qualified, or becoming so disqualilied .15 aforesaid for a committee mar, shall ucvertlielefj presume to act as a co nmittee man, every fuels person shall for every such osTcncc, fcifeit and pay the sum ot i.ay pounds to any person or persons-who shall fuc for the fame, such respective forteintres to be recovered in any of his Majesty's court-: of record-by action of debt, hill, plaint, ov information, wherein no effioign, protection, -wager of law, or more than one imp.irl.tr.ee Audi lie allowed, in all which actions or suits the person so iiie;l or prosecuted shall be put to prove his-qualification, and tint l.e is not disqualified as aforesaid, in default whereof a verdict shall It found -again, A him for the f.ttd respective penalties, up m proof given to the satisfaction of the court ami.jury,-0/ his having; cd as a commissioner or committee man, as the case may he.

Mc-.-tlrgt

VII. And be it further enacted, That the committee (0

mil adjourn-

moots of com- oc appointed hi manner a-torelaid, shall meet in Inc tvllry-rmtitc. room, or some other ufua! place of meeting in the said town of Eels.fi:. within fourteen days after they shall have been chosen as aforesaid, and shall and may adjourn from time tc time, and meet at the fame, or at any other place within the said town or the precindls thereof, as often as they Hull think fit, and they, or any five or more of them at feci meeting shall have authority, and are hereby empowered In fee that all contends which shall be made and entered inio for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said town of Beif-d: or the preeinds i hereof, are well and duly performed aid carried into execution, according to trjo spirit, terms and conditions of fuc I; contrasts, and they are also hereby aiitl-.y rized and empowered to examine into, and to hoar all complaints which shall he made to or brought before them t; any of the inhabitants or any other person or persons ugamlt A

' Powers of committee.

H'hs Fortieth "'ear a/ George III.

any contractor or contradors, or other person employed, and 10 examine witness'es upm oath, (which oath the said committee, or any five or more of them at such nuetings, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) and such committee men, or any five or more of them, shall Purvey the works, or esquire in*o the matters which are the subject nf the complaint, and report the fame, and the depositions so taken to the said commissioners at their next or second meeting after such comp! tint made, and Purvey taken or en- rjtiiry made, and upon such report being mads to the Paid commiSioners, they the said commifiianers shall, and they are hereby required from time to time to impose a tine or fines upon every such-contrador for non-performance of his conlrad, according to the nature and degree of the oSl-nce.; and if it shall happen that five or more of such committee men shall not attend at any meeting which shall be appointed to, or be had or held, then-and in such case the clerk to such committee shall, and he is hereby required to -summon the whole committee to meet at the place where the lad meeting was appointed within eight clays then next following, and such committee shall at ail their meetings bear their owa expences, but no ad of any such committee shall be valid, unless the fame is made or doncst a meeting of five at lead of such committee men, and all the powers and authorities by this act granted to or veiled in such committees, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the major part of the committee men who shall attend at any public meeting to beholden as herein before mentioned, the number of such committee men present at such meeting not being less than five, and all the orders and proceedings of the major part of such committee men so assembled, shall have the same force and died as if done or made by all ths committee men for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said committee, or the major part of them, at any meeting to he held in pursuance of this act, at which meeting five committee men or more shall be pro

Clrrk to sum« rnon committee when $ or more do not attCfid*

CjRlC.itUC

may appoint t clnirma;?, chit, fur* veyurs* an.l coUcitns an I

_ , uke ftxm«'.

lent, to appoint a chairman from time to time, and also to sunn collect*

or.«, and may remove, ap*

appoint a clerk, and one or more surveyor or surveyors, sdledor or collectors, and (hat such committee so met, or Tsin.-.v-, the major part of them, shall and do take such security 5 K 2 from

Stc. S;c.

4° 8 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

from such collector or collectors for the due execution of . l8ca such their respecti ve offices as the said committee shall think proper, and may Likewise from time to time remove such clerk, surveyor or collectors, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed or shall die, and shall and may appoint such salaries and other allowances to them, for and in consideration of his and their trouble in executing his or their office and offices respectively, and also such allowances to such other person or persons as shall be aiding and assisting in and about the execution of this act, as the said committee shall think reasonable, all which salaries and allowances shall be paid from time to time as the same shall become due and payable in manner herein after directed, and every such committee may discontinue such office, and not fill up the vacancy to be occasioned by the death or removal of any surveyor or collector, whenever the major part of such committee men, so met as aforesaid, shall think such office unnecessary; but if any person so to be Clerk, fur- appointed clerk, surveyor, or collector, shall exact, take, or iedtor °ac0l" accePl any fee or reward whatsoever other than such salaries

ceptingafec, and allowances as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved or concerned - . r

in any con* of by the said committee so met, or the major part of them, tw?aad shall for or on account of any (filing done, or to be done,‘by vir-be incapable, tue of this act, or on any account whatsoever relative to

4 n.-u 7 J

carrying this act into execution, or shall be any ways concerned or beneficially interested in any contract or bargain made,or to be made relative to, or for the purposes of this act, every such person so offending in any such case, shall be for ever incapable of serving under this act, and shall over and above forfeit the film of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, within six calendar months next after the offence committed, in which suit no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; provided always, that such surveyor or surveyors shall be elected annually, and that the salary of each such surveyor shall be allowed and confirmed by the commissioners, or any five or commission- more of them, at any of their meetings. ers-

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

' That all the acts, orders, and proceedings of the said committees,

«suu wan tur-

feit iool.

Surveyors elected annually* and salaries con-

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

mlttees, shall‘from time to time be entered in books to be kept for those purposes, by the-c!erk to" the Taid committee for the time being, and shall be-fi-gned by the chairman of the committee-at the next meeting, and all-fuel) orders so signed, (tall be deemed and taken to be-original orders, and (lialland may be produced and read in" -evidence-in all courts whatsoever, but noad or orders of any committee shall be valid, unless done or made at-some-meeting to be held in pursuance of this act; and all such books and proceedings of the said committee shall and may be-.-perused and inspected at all seasonable times by the said commissioners, or by their-clerk for the time being, -or by such other person or persons as the faitl commissioners shall appoint for'that purpose, -who niay oifo take copies-thereof, or make ©tetrads therefrom, -without paying fee or reward.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any five or-more of them, or in -case of -their, refusal,

the sovereign, and ‘any two of the burgesses of the corporation of Bclfaft, shall and-tnay, and -they are hereby authorized and empowered-from time-to time-to-order and direct, how, and in what -maimer, and With what materials all or any bf-the 'streets, Tunes,' or other places within the said town of 'Bclfaft, or the precincts thereof, shall be new paved,-flagged, or repaired, and what number of lamps shall be put-up and kept-lighted therein, and how the same shall be placed, and how often and in what manner the lame streets, lanes, and -places shall be -cleansed, and the foil, fiiib, and dirt thereof shall be removed and disposed of, anti fliul! signify such their orders and dircdiciiisin writing, to the said committee, by- causing a copy or copies of every such order and directions to be delivered to, or left with the clerk of fuel) committee, oho shall, and he is hereby required to lay the fame before the-committee at their next meeting.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such committee shall, within one calendar month after any such order or direction shall be laid before them by the said commissioners, cause ten days previous notice-to be given by adver-iisement in some or one of the newspapers, published in the said town of Bclfaft, that fuel) committee will meet at a time and place to be expressed in such advertisement, to receive proposals from any person or uersons willing to contract for

409

A.D. 1800.

1S00.

Chappy-

Books to be kept* which shall bt evidence*

Books may be inipe&ol.

Who shall tmlor the pai-ing. flag-gt'ng, light, ing, ami cleaning*

Public no* 'tice to he given to receive ptop.i-inis for paving* &c Ac.

ro f The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

; A.D. paving, or repairing,/"lighting, and cleaning 'he particular 1800. > flreetsj lanes, or other places so ordered and riireded by the said commissioners to be-paved or repaired,'lighted and t cleansed, agreeable to such orders and directions; and the t said committee, or the major part of them present at such; meeting, -in case five or more {halt be present thereat, shall Committre and may, and they are hereby empowered from time to time fopirinsf1 to enter into any contract or contracts in writing, with any &c-: fit person or persons,' for repairing, or for paving, flagging,

and keeping in' repair, lighting, and cleansing all or any such streets, lanes, or places so ordered and directed to be

repaired, paved, lighted,- and-cleansed, every such contract 1 to specify the several works to be done, the prices to be paid; for the fame, and the time or times when or within which the said works are to be compleated, and the forfeitures or . penalties to be borne or' suffered'-' for the non-performance

thereof, and which contract or contracts being'signed by the major part of such committeemen a't such meeting as afore-—Contracts to said, and by the person or persons contracting to perform such works shall,- together with a true copy thereof attefled sioners, tobe by the clerk, and also together with the original proposals, -avoided. and copies of all minutes and other proceedings of the committee relative" thereto, be transmitted to and laid before the commissioners at their next meeting, which contract or contracts being confirmed by writing, under the hands of the said commissioners, or any.five or more of them, being the

majority at such meeting, or any other fabfcquent meeting

within one month then next, such contract and the proposal

on which the fame is founded, shall be returned to the committee clerk within seven days from the time of such ^on--firmation; and.if such contract or contracts shall be so confirmed, then and not otherwise the same shall be valid and

cfiedual in law, and be enforced by action at law, or according do the tenor or true meaning thereof, but every such contract not so confirmed within the time Jafi aforesaid, shall be void and of no effect, and the said parties thereto shall from thenceforth be absolutely released and discharged

-of, and from the same, and every covenant, promise, underfaking, and agreement therein contained both at law and in equity, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes

whatsoever, as.if the fame had never been made, and then

45

ano

The Fortieth Year of George III. ' 41

4l*

copy or copies thereof for confirmation in manner aforesaid, together with nil the proposals and proceedings of the committee relative thereto, and such new contrail or contrails shall and may be confirmed or avoided by the said cotnmif-iioners, in the fame or like manner, and such action or other proceedings shall or may be had thereon as is herein before cnicled or directed as to said first contrails.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

J ‘ braking

That if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously Umps, sx break, throw down, or extinguish any lamp ereiled for the purpose of lighting any street, lane, passage or quay of said town or ‘ suburbs, or wilfully damage the polls, irons, or other furniture thereunto belonging, it shall he lawful or any person to arrefi and detain the person or persons

ried before the sovereign of said town, who shall have authority to enquire into and punish such offence, and every person so offending, and conviiled upon the oath of one vdtncfs, or confession of the party accused, shall for the hril offence forfeit forty shillings, and for the second offence fifty shillings, and for the third and every subsequent offence three pounds for each lamp poll, iron, or furniture thereof so broken, thrown down, extinguished, or wilfully damaged, the same to be recovered and applied in manner j; herein after mentioned, to he levied by ditlrots and falc of the goods and chattels of Audi party so convifled; and in case any person or persons convicted in manner before described, of breaking, throwing clown, or extinguishing any lamp within said town, or wilfully damaging any polls, iron, or other furniture thereof, and no goods or chattels of the person or prisons so offending can at the time of such conridlion be found, it llitill and may be lawful for such sovereign or justice hearing such complaint, to commit such offender to the county gaol for any time not less than one month, and not exceeding six months from the time of his committal, there to remain without bail or main-prize, provided that if such penalty or forfeiture be paid before the time allotted for the confinement cf such person

found so offending, until such person or persons can be car-

shall

'The Fortieth 'Tear- of Georgcr-III-

A.D. r shall hare expired, such offender shall-upon payment thereof t8°a be immediately discharged :of-any of such offence; ami in case any person ’or -persons ‘(ball 'think himself or them-: selves aggrieved by the judgment of the find sovereign ot chief m a gift rate,- it shall be lawful for 'such 'person1 and per- Appcil to q. fons to appeal to the next general-or quarter sessions of the sessions. peace,' to be- held in and for the said county of Antrh, and if any such person or persons be-then :in custoriy, -finli person or persons shall be ’disc'narged' upon entering into . sufficient bail before the said sovereign-or chief magiftr.rte,

for his or their appearance at such sessions,' and the justices < of such sessions are hereby empowered to summon ar.J cx-amine witnesses-upon oath on either'fide, and'. finally to hear

and determine1 the merits of -such appeal,- and to make such order thereon agreeable Ur the meaning of this -ad, and to the nature and circumstances of the case as to them fl.al!

: seem fit and reasonable,- and in case of conviction,-flia! a-nd. may-issue-warrants’-for levying such penalties and forfeitures, aftd committing to gaol such offender ’ or offenders as-the case may require.

Arplica-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-naltics for said. That all penalties and forfeitures infiided and levied

Jawfsr*e. by virtue - »f 'this-ad, -for wilfully or -maliciously breaking,

throwing down, - or extinguishing any lamp or lamps, to bt

erected- within said ' town of 'Belfast, or for-wilfully da-; ir.aging' the polls, iron,- or-otlrer furniture-thereof,- shall be paid and -applied-in manner following, that' is to say, one -moiety-or half thereof to the person or persons- who shall discover on and prosecute to conviction such offender or offenders, and the other moiety or half -thereof, -to be paid

-to the charitable-society of the said town- of‘Belfast, - for die -»fe of the poor of the said town; and if any Person or persons shall -deal -or forceably-cany away any of said bmps, or the irons, ports, or other furniture thereof,

-Pumlhiiieiit and >shall be-thereof lawfully convicted- upon indictment or .-jLps7&f. information, -such person and -persons-so convicted shall bf adjudged guilty of felony, and be-transported for seven years, -or be -publickly whipped at the discretion of the judge, who shall or-may-tTy such offence or of-h&nces.

-XIV.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the surveyor and surveyors to be appointed in manner herein before directed, to survey, view, and insped all and every the works done, or contra died to be done in pursuance of this act; and also to view the general condition of the pavements of the several streets, lanes and places in the said town of Belfast, and to present and report all defective and bad pavements within the said Greets, lanes and places, and thereupon or upon the reasonable complaint and request of any three or more householders in writing under their hands to the said commissioners, fuel) commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may cause all and every such defeflive or bad pavements to be well and sufficiently repaired as soon as conveniently may be, the expence whereof shall be defrayed by and out of the monies to be raised by any rate or rates hereby directed to’ be made, for the purposes of repairing, cleansing, and lighting the said town* and in case such pavements so presented, reported, or complained of, shall have been paved or repaired, under or by virtue of any contract for paving and repairing the fame, and the paving and repairing thereof shall not have been well and sufficiently performed, according to the intent and meaning of such contract or contracts, or shall not have been finished and compleated at or within the time or times that the fame hath or have been agreed by any such contract to be compleated by the contractor or contradors, such surveyor or surveyors shall' report the same to the commissioners at their next or any, other subsequent meeting, and such commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, by order in writing under their hands, direct an action of debt to be commenced and prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of law in Ireland, against any person or persons so contracting and not performing such contract or con-trafls, for all or any of the penalty and penalties imposed by such contract or contracts, within one month next after such report shall be made to the said commissioners, and on proof of the signing the said contract or contracts, and non-performance thereof, at the time or times therein for that purpose mentioned, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in every such action shall be entitled to, and shall recover such penalty or Vot. XX. 5 M penalties,

4*3

A.D. 1800.

I fioo. Chap. 37.

Duty of survey cis,

3 iitl repair of pavement.

failure in

conlncufor

paving.

414 27j£ Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Property veiled in commissioners.

J>£rons*:nny be brought agaiull periods who do

penalties, which when received shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the right and property of, in and to all and every the pavements in the several streets, lanes, and other places within the said town of Belfast, and the precincts thereof, and also of, in and to the lamps, irons, timber, and all other materials and things which shall be made use of for the purposes of this act, and of, in and to all and every the Hones, posts, and old materials of every denomination belonging to the old or present, or any future pavement, as well of the carriage ways as of the foot ways within the said town or prccincls of Belfast shall be, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the commissioners for the time being, for carrying this act into execution; and that such commissioners, or the major part of them, shall and may if they shall so think fit, authorize and empower any person or persons with whom any contract or contraCls shall be entered into as aforesaid, to take all or any part of such stones, posts, lamps, iron, timber and other materials, at such price or prices as shall be specifh'd in any con trad or contracts to be made for that purpose, and to make use of such parts thereof as shall lie deemed. proper and (it to be made use of, either in new paving or in repairing the several streets, lanes, and other places in the said town of Belfast, or otherwise the value or price whereof shall be set off by such contractor or con-tradors in account for the monies agreed to be paid by him or them for completing his or their contract or contracts, and in case such contrador or contradors shall decline or refuse to take the fame, or any particular part thereof, then it Avail and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to sell and dispose of such stones or other materials as shall not have been taken by such contrador or contractors, to any other person or persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, and to apply the monies arising by such falc in manner herein after mentioned; and if any person or persons to whom any such stones or other materials shall te fold, shall refuse or neglect to pay for the fame, for the space of one month after the falc thereof, or other time limited

1’he Fortieth "Fear of George III. 415

mi ted for payment of such purchase money, it shall and A.D. may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, being the majority present at any tj

such meeting as aforesaid, to direct and cause an adi.m or jj’J- wfl,r actions to be brought and profec-uted in the -name of any Miciuful

f; )t.i

one of them against any purchaser or purchasers of any such materials for recovery of the monies due and payable for the fame, in which action or actions no clToign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one impatlance shall be allowed.

XVh Provided also, That if the person who shall pur- f, pJ’jS clwfc such Hones or other materials, shall neglect or omit to

movdU in a

remove the fame.within one week after notice in writing month after

given him by said commissioners for that purpose, that then bfiiaV"',

and in such case it shall and may be lawful for said com-

' |uiJ i.r.

ntifiinners to sell and dispose thereof, to such other person or persons as they shall think fit, notwithstanding the fame may then have been paid for, without being liable to refund the price thereof, or any part thereof, or if the same shall not have been paid for, without prejudice or bar to any a clbn brought, or to be brought by them against such original vendee or vendees for the price agreed to be paid for the same, and that such commissioners. or the major part of them present at any such meeting, confiding of five or more as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby also empowered from time to time, if they shall ft. judge fit and '

expedient, to hire or take at a rent, any sufficient piece of tlk'-' '

ground whereon to lay all or any of the said (tones or other materials, until the same shall be fold, or otherwise disposed of, and to pay the rent of such piece of ground out of the general fund herein after provided for carrying this act into execution; and in case any person or persons shall, without the confmt or authority of the said commissioners, or the m-ior part of them present at any stich meeting, confiding of five or more as aforesaid, deal, take, or carry away any part of such doncs, pods, or other materials, or any other lloues, lamps, iron, timber, or other materials, or oilier

1 n.'Hfs 10 oc

tilings, the property whereof is hereby veded in the said imr-mU commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sml

'.ommissioners, or the major part of them at fuel] meeting 5 M 2 " as

416 The Fortieth l 'car of George III. A.D. 1800. Chap. 37.

"Penal tits Tor damaging woiks.

Applica- tion t Inch penalties.

as aforesaid, to prefer, or cause and direct to be preferred, an indictment or indictments against any person or persons who shall ffeal, lake, or carry away any part of such ma* terials or things, and to profeciitc the same to judgment; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, defiroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said materials or things, or any works done, or to be done in pursuance of this act, or shall take up any pavement under any pretence whatsoever, without the consent of the said commissioners, or any "fi ve or more of them at such meeting as aforesaid, except in cases of fire, or alarm of fire, for the purpose of getting water, every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, before the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, or before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said county of Antrim, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty findings, nor less than ten shillings for the'full offence, and for the second, and every other offence, any sum not exceeding three pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, to be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and' seals of the said sovereign, or the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be made, and every such forfeiture or penalty, and every sum and sums of money to be recovered by, or in every or any fitch action and actions to be brought as aforesaid; and also every sum and sums of money to arise by the sale of all, or any such materials which shall not be taken by such contractor or contractors, and which shall be so sold as aforesaid, when received, shall, be paid into the hands of the person or persons to be chosen and approved of as herein after mentioned, or into the bank or discount-office, or other place of public fccurily in the said town, to the account of the commissioners of the said town of Eelfaft for the time being, and the fame'and every part -thereof shall be issued, paid, and applied for and towards paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the flrccts, lanes, and places within the said town of Bclfafl, in aid of the rates to be made for those purposes; and in case any person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall have no goods -or chattels whereon, or whereout any of o the

The Fortieth Year of George III. 417

the forfeitures last mentioned can be levied, then and in such A.D. case it shall and may be lawful to and for the sovereign of Eelfaft for the time being, or anyone or more justice orjuf-ticcs of the peace for the county of Antrim, by warrant under Iris or their hand and Teal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders so convicted to the common gaol, or to the house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than ten days, to be expressed in such warrant, to be reckoned from and exclusive of the day of commitment, and not to be sooner discharged, unless upon payment of the full futn forfeited.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

> ' ),oi.

said, That if any person or persons do, or shall break, train it* whiim the for draft, or exercise any horse or horses, in any street, lane, or passage, within said town of Belfast, the person or persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay For every such offence, a sum not less than five shillings, and not exceeding twenty shillings, the same to be raised and levied by distress and file of the goods of the owner, or driver of such horse or horses, at the time of such offence committed-, and also that it thrill and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any person authorized by one or more of the commissioners herein before named, or the fovcrcign or chief magistrate of the said town, to seize such horse or horses, and carriages, and lodge the fame in any store-yard, public inn, or other place of safety within said town, until such fine or penalty as aforesaid, and all cost and expences attending such difirefs shall be fully paid; and if at the expiration of uirty-cigllt hours from the time of such difirefs taken, the fiirl lire or penalty be not paid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said cmnmiiiioners to cause such (iift.'cfs to be sold by public auflion for payment of such tine or penalty, and all coils and expences attending the

nine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said com-aiittcc, or the major part of them shall, and they are hereby vt/l|'!'jra authort7.cd and required to meet in the vestry room, or fuel) alirr oilier place as is ufunlly resorted to for the transafling the Mrifli business of the said town of Belfast, within one month 1 I"f‘

1 il.iy m J hi.

after the passing of this act; and also on the fecund Thnrf- v.Vty yi-tir Voi. XX. 5 N day

4'lS

a. a

iHoo*

rilier ))L‘COi‘-fary imios, lo make ap* plotmctils for pUVJM)fc5 of this eci, a; herein direct*

€'i.

The Fortieth Year of George, III.

day in January, in every year afterwards, and also at such other time or times, and as often as may be necessary, such the time of meeting to be appointed by the commissioner?, and they or the major part of them fell from time to time make one or more equal, fair, and impartial rate or rates, applotment or applotments, upon all and every person and persons who do, or fell inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any land, ground, house, lodging, /hop, wharf, ware-house, coach-honfc, ftnblc, cellar, vault, building, counting-honfe, or place of carrying on btiflness, either in co-partnership or otherwise, or hereditament whatsoever, within the said town of Belfast, or the precincts thereof, according to the substance or ability of fitch persons respectively, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, lighting, ard improving the several streets, lanes, and other places within the same, and for defraying the principal money which may be borrowed upon the credit of the rates or applotments, and the interest thereof, and also the expence of removing nil annoyances and obstructions therefrom, and for all other the necessary purposes of this act, and that as often as any deficiency fell' happen in the fnms so to be applotted, or in the payment thereof, by or on account of the death, insolvency, or change of abode of any of such persons so liable to taxation as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the next succceding applotters, and they are hereby required to applet the amount of such deficiency on such person so liable to taxation as aforesaid, along with the next np. plotment which shall be made after such deficiency shall so happen.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and required, that each of the said applotters shall, previous to his acting as an applotter, take and subscribe before the fovc-reign of Belfalt for the time being) the following oath or affirmation, videlicet .-

Oath to he J A.B. do solemnly fvsear, or if of the people called yuatert applotter. or feeders, dosolemnly, and in the presence of God affirm, that

J will honesty, fairly, and impartially applot the fever a! fins directed and appointed lo be raffed upon every occupier of am

lari

The Fonleth Year of George III. 419

ground, luafe, lodging, flop, wharf ware-henfe, cc.tck- A. F>. kufe.f able, cellar, vault, building, co-mling-lmfe or place of If,c0-ejnyiag on bufvtefs, whether in co-partrerfiip cr olheiwfe, or ft'.cr hereditaments iv/iatjoever within the town rf Eelfnji, and tie precilitlt thereof, according to the Ju'fance or ability of such pr/jrt, without favour or afeclion, malice, cr ill-will, and ac-tv.iing to the bef of my skill and judgment. So help me God.

XX. Provided always, That the inhabitant or occupier cf every house or other building which Aiall hereafter be 1 retied, or built within the Paid town of Delfaft, or the precincts thereof, shall from the time of eompleatin^ and finifii-iag Inch honfe and building, be rated and applotted for the puruofes of this act, in the same manner and proportions as the inhabitants or occupiers of houses and buildings already erected and built.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any of the committee to be appointed pursuant to this n£l Avail omit, neglect, or refnfe to take the oath or af-iirraation hereby required to lac taken by each applotter, or iiiall refuse to act as an applotter, or shall happen to die i-efore the said committee, or any five or more of them, shall luve made such applotment, the applotments made, or to be made by the others of said committee, or any five or more of them, shall be good and valid, as if such committee men so refusing, neglecting, or dying, had concurred therein, and that all and every applotment and applotments shall, within ten days after the same shall be made, be returned to the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, in writing ligned by the persons who shall have made the fame, inrl that every person who Aiall have been appointed a committee-man or applotter pursuant to this act, and Aiall ne-sit'fl, omit, or refuse to take upon him the said office or undertaking, the fame Aiall neglect or omit the execution thcicof, or of any part thereof, or shall neglect, omit, or refute to return the applotments made by him as aforesaid in such manner, and within such time as herein before’is mentioned, or Aiall, without reasonable cause, neglect or omit, for the space of forty-eight hours, after being summoned thereunto by writing, signed by the sovereign of the said 5 N 2 town

Building* hueafter to be erected shall lie applotted for in like tnannei a.; buildings now edited.

When eoni-mittee-mcn refuse to ail or die, applot-ntents of the rest shall be valid.

Applotmenti to be letumed to sovereign.

tol. penalty on applotter* ul» > refuse to \>c as hcrciri directed.

If com-' inittce do not make applot. went witlu’n I month, they shall forfeit 2os. per day each, and if they continue to neglect, ap. plotments may be made by fovcrcign and two bur* sefles.

Persons overcharged may appeal to eouumfiion-

Power of couuiiiitee-n- .'ohov-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

town of Belfast, to appear before the said sovereign and to take the applotters oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, or shall neglect or omit for twenty days after the majority of the applotters appointed by virtue of this act, shall have taken the said oath or affirmation, to make an applotment pursuant to this act, in every such case, each and every one of the said applotters so offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and that if no such applotment as herein set forth, shall be made by the said committee, or any five c; more of them, within one calendar month after the time appointed for that purpose pursuant to this act, then and in such case each and every of the said applotters, shall from fix end of the said month, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every day, until the said applotment shall be made, and returned to the fovcrcign of said town as herein before mentioned, such forfeitures of’applotters as before mentioned, to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and fnl of the sovereign of the said town, directed to the usual officer or officers, and to be applied to the purposes of this act: dad provided

always, in case the said committee shall neglect or refill's to make such applotment, notwithstanding the penalties aforesaid, within the . time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the sovereign for the time being, and any two burgesses of the said borough of Belfast, to make the fame in the manner herein before directed, first taking the oath herein before prescribed, before any justice of the peace for the said county, who is hereby authorized to administer the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall conceive himself or themselves aggrieved and overcharged, or rated by such applotters, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons, to appeal within eight days after such applotment being made to the commissioners named in this act, and their successors from time to time, which appeal f id commissioners are hereby empowered and directed to ennuire into, and make such decision, and give judgment on fuel; appeal, as to them, or the majority of them prefrnt at such meeting shall seem mofl fit and proper.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority efnre-said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said 0"i mittee-nnn, or any five or more of them being assembled

'7be Fortieth Year of George III. 421

-at any general meeting, and they are hereby empowered from A.D. time to time when they shall judge it necessary, to borrow and *8°°* take up at interest, any sum or sums of money, which any person or persons shall be willing to fend and advance upon ^'^"nhs the credit of three-fourth parts of the said rates or applotments, meats, and by any writing or writings upon vellum ot parchment, duly stumped and signed by the said committee, or any five or more of them, being the majority so assembled, to mortgage such three-fourth parts of the said rates or applotments to any person or persons who shall advance and lend such money thereon, as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with legal interest for the fame, which interest shall be payable,- and paid half yearly upon certificates of the committee, or any five or more of the committee-men, being the majority so assembled as aforesaid, and by order of the o-nmiissioners in the fame or like manner as other monies and payments are herein after dire<f\ed to be paid and made out of the monies to arise by or from the said rates or applotments, and the remaining fourth part of such rates shall be deposited in the bank or discount-office, or other place of fmmlitobe public security in said town, as a sinking fund, in the bank'fas" names of the said commissioners, and shall remain there for <jnltlnE

No more than

the purposes of paying off the principal sum so borrowed, and 2ocoJ. tobe for improving the said town of Belfa'ft, as the said commis- b"rru"cli' (toners shall think fit.; provided always, that such sums so borrowed shall not when together exceed the sum of two thousand pounds in the whole.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be , Minutnof

fcciiriui's, at-

cntcred in a book or books to be provided far that purpose, signmem*, and kept by the clerk to the said committee, a minute of ajl ^aib^clak. securities for money so borrowed, and all assignments or transfers thereof, expressing in words at length the names, sirnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of all such persons as shall from time to time be entitled to such securities, and the sums received upon such securities, to which book or books the persons entitled thereto, or interested therein, shall at all seasonable times have access, with free liberty to inspect the fame, without fee or reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Moneybor-

1 1 rowed shall be

bid, That the sum or sums of money which shall be so bor- bulged and lowed by the said committee, shall be by them deposited in Vol. XX. 5 O the

tftcil'

422 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the bank, or discount- office, or oilier place of public Security lboo. within the town of Belfast as-the said commissioners shall approve of, and placed to the account of the town of Belfast in the name of the commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the town of Belfast and precincts thereof, and shall be issued and applied by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the new paving or repairing 'lie streets, lanes, or other places in the said town of Belfast, and for the other purposes herein after mentioned.

Application

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Aim anil ter "paying in- flint S of money which shall remain from the said rates or applotments, after paying the imereti hereby charged thereupon, shall be applied for the general purposes of this act, until the whole of the town of Belfast shall be completely paved or flagged, at which time, and mot hefore, the remainder of such surplus, after deducting fttchfum as shall be neceflury for keeping such pavement and flagging in complete repair for the current year, shall be applied for and towards paying off the principal money so borrowed as aforesaid, and for that purpose shall be placed in the said bank, discount-office, or other place of public fecitrity, in the names of the said commissioners, and added to the sixth part of the rates or applotments herein before appropriated as a sinking fund for discharging the principal money so borrowed, until a sufficient capital shall have accumulated for paying off such principal sum, at which time such principal sum shall he paid off and discharged, and all interest, in respect thereof, shall cease and discontinue, and that in such payments no preference shall be given to any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the priority of advancing any sum or sums, but that each person shall be a creditor, in equal degree, according to the sum or sums so by him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid, and shall be entitled to be paid rateably with every other creditor out of said fund, in case he, she, or they,’ shall intend cr think proper to infill thereon, such intention to be manifested by 1 notice in writing to that effect, to be served on the said conunil-sioners.

{ s"»dtiM

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and lent may'be' may be lawful to and for any person or persons entitled to any of transferred. tjle l"ecuritics aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, administra-

tors or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to assign or transfer such securi--ties by indorsement on the back thereof, to any person or persons

The Fortieth Year of George III. 423

whatsoever, a note or minute of which assignments, when I'o made, A.D. shall lie entered in the books herein before directed to be provided iS'oo.

for that purpose, and that inch assignments shall, from and after such entry, entitle such iitdoriers to the linns of money leaned thereby, and to bring such actions and fairs in his, her, or their own name thereon, as such indorser or iudorl'ers migilt have brought, had such indorsement or iiulorlements not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, T;mcs»hcn That the first rate, or rates, applotment or applotments directed to Mulm-'* be made as aforesaid, shall commence within one month from the n,cn"aml be

pzjfsbiA

passing of this act into a law, and every future rate or rates, applotment or applotments, shall commence from the time that the pH preceding rate or rates, applotment or applotments ended, and not otherwise, and the monies therein, and thereby charged and applotted, shall be payable and recoverable half yearly in manned herein after directed

XXIX. And for the better and more effectual recovering the Goods of general rates anti applotments, be it further enacted by the autho-

iity aforesaid, That in case any person liable to pay any rate or ap- miy '>c fc)*

_ and fold, if

[ijorment by virtue or this act, mall rcrafe or neglect to pay the i,»t rdcafcdin money rated or applotted, upon him, her, or them respectively, 5 ami all arrears due thereon, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective collectors of the said rates or applotments, such having first obtained a warrant, under the hand and seal of the sovereign of the said town for the time being, or of any two of his Mijdlv’s justices of the peace for the said county of Antrim, which warrant such sovereign and justices are hereby empowered to gives tol’eize the goods and chattels of the party so neglecting or-reeling to pay the said rates, which shall be found cither within the said town or precincts thereof; and if within five days next after fell distress shall have been made, the said respective rates or ap-plotments, and all arrears due thereon shall not be paid, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping the fame, the said respective collectors shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to cause the said goods and chattels to be sold, or such pm thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said rates or applot-nients, together with all arrears due thereon, and the reasonable charges of making such distress and sale, returning the overplus, and die goods and chattels remaining undisposed of, if any be, to At person or persons whole goods and chattels shall have been so distrained.

5 0 a

434. The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore.

iSoo That the respective collectors of the said rates and ap-

plotments within the said town of Belfast, and the prceinfls ’Collectors (hereof shall, once in every week or oftener, if the com-

to pay one*’ a J

wecKtochiir- mittee, or any five or more of them shall so direct, pay all rah'ttcAobe the money which they shall from time to'time collect, and receive, into the hands of the chairman of the committee

' to1 be lodged as aforesaid, in the name and to the account of the commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the down of:-Belfast.

Accounts XXXI. ’And’be it further enacted by the authority afore-t°y c^aorsT'Atid, That the said collectors shall as often as thereunto re. balances paU duired, by any five or more of the said committee men, make up true-and perfect accounts of all money‘received by such collectors respectively, and paid by them in pursuance of this act, specifying the particular Turns, from whom received, and how disposed of, and deliver all such accounts to the respective committees, and verify the fame upon oath, which oath any one committee man present at any. meeting of a committee is hereby empowered to administer, CoMors and every such collector refusing or neglecting to make up,

may be com-_. r

mined for nc-or render such accoun t to the committee, requiring the accountand ^amc as aforesaid, and to verify the Tame upon oath is P3)'- aforesaid, or to pay over all such monies as shall be remaining in-his hands, shall and rnay by warrant under the hand and.seal of the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, or of any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of Antrim, upon complaint made by any three or more of the said committee-men, and proof thereof by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, which oath the said fove-xeign of the said town of Belfast, and justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, be committed to the common gaol of the said county of Antrim, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such collector shall have delivered a fan and true account, and until such money ai upon such account shall appear to be remaining in his hands shall be paid over by such-collectors, or his security or securities, into the hands of the said chairman to be lodged as other monies are hereby directed to be lodged.

Committal

XXXII. Provided always, and It is hereby declared,

rate furetici,

That the committal and imprisonment1 of such collectoras

/hall

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ball make default as aforesaid, shall not acquit or exonerate any person or persons who may have become surety or sureties, or discharge or avoid any surety or sureties that shall or may have been taken by, or given to any committee for the due and faithful execution of the office of; collector, or payment of the monies to be received by such collector by virtue of his said office, or be a bar or defence to any action, suit, proceeding or process commenced, or to be commenced against any such surety or sureties, ,or upon any such security as aforesaid, but all and every such surety and sureties shall remain liable, according to the nature of their undertakings and engagements to such suits or actions founded on such engagements, and all and every such security and securities shall remain good and valid as if such committal'of such collector had not taken place.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every payments of interest of monies horrowed, and all payments to be made upon, and for all and every contract ami contracts herein and hereby directed to be made, and all salaries, payments and allowances, charges and expences whatsoever to be made, and given for any thing done or contracted for by the said committee to be chosen as aforesaid, shall be first certified to the commissioners by the said committee, by writing under the hands of three or more of the committee-men, and delivered to the said commissioners, or their clerk at the next or some other subsequent meeting of the said commissioners, with the several bills of particulars relating thereto, and thereupon the said commissioners not having any just or reasonable cause to the contrary shall, and are hereby directed and required within twenty-one days after the delivery of every such certificate, to make an order for payment of the sum and sums of money to be specified in such certificate, and sign a draft or order on the bank or public place of security, or other person where or in whose hands the said rates shall be deposited and kept for payment thereof at fight, and every such order shall be signed by three or more of the said commissioners, and that the said commissioners not having and declaring some just and reasonable cause to the contrary, shall not, within twenty-one days next after the delivery of such certificate, make and sign such order for payment of the monies to be

Vol. XX.; P specified

Ail payment* of inlet-ell, fabrics, and alimc-

anew wlut-

focvtT, shall be certified to commission-e.>, who shall make orders for payment within

days, if there be no juil CJtise to the contrary; and if they do not they may be sued.

*4at) the Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

specified or expressed in such certificate, it shall and be law-r,i8co, ful to and for the person or persons to whom the monies in and by such certificate arc expressed to be due or payable, to commence, maintain, and prosecute an action or actions in any of his Majesty's courts of record, agoinft any two or more of said commissioners, but not againstt he committee, or any of them, and in such action no efibign, pioteftion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, in which action it shall be sufficient to entitle the plaintiff to a verdict for the sum mentioned in such certificate, to prove to the satisfaction of the court and jury that such certificate was made, unless the defendant, in such action, shall '(hew that the fame was procured by fraud or improper conduct in the plaintiff, or that no money was then in bank to pay the same.

Not to

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con ft rued to extend to charge the said commissioners with, or for any monies to be paid to any person or persons upon the certificate or certificates of any committee, more than, and beyond the amount of what shall have been paid into, and remaining in any bank, or in the hands of any individual, in the name of the commissioners, at the time of such certificate-delivered to the commissioners as aforesaid, over and above such sums as shall be sufficient to answer prior certificates, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Half-yearly

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said com-

account to be 1

transmitted by rnittee shall, and they are hereby required, at Lady-day and

commiltee to

commissionert. Michaelmas in every year, or within one month then next following, to transmit to the said commissioners a particular and true account of the rates or applotments which have been made by them in the course of the last year, which account shall be signed by their clerk, and shall contain the names and residences of the several persons who have been rated, the sums at which they have been rated, and the amount of all such rates as shall appear to them to have been collected and received, and what is in arrear and unreceived, and of all monies borrowed on the securities of the said rates.

tnHEoners vrith more money than shall be in .-bank, &c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 427

XXXVI. And for the more effectual removing and pre- A.D. venting nuisances, annoyances, obstructions, and encroach- JRo°* merits in the several streets, passages, and other places in aPl^' the said town of Belfast, and the precinAs thereof, be it Po^'V®"

r % persons guiUf

further enacted, That from and after the day on which this of any of the ad shall receive the royal a (Tent, if any person or persons herein enu-thall throw, cast, lay, put or place, or shall catife, permit, or suffer to be thrown, cast, laid, put, or placed, any ashes, town or dust, dirt, rubbifti, dong, offals, or other noisome or often- Bd&lt five articles, or shall set or place any "flail, stand, board, bench, balket, cade, crate, wares, merchandizes, meat, fish, fruit, or goods of any kind whatsoever, or shall hoop, walh, or cleanse any pipe, barrel, calk, tub, or vessel, in or upon any of the carriage or foot-ways, or throw or cast any allies, dust, rubbish, dung, or offals into any fewer, mill-race, or water-course running through, along, or under any of the said streets, passages, lanes, or other place* within the said town of Belfast, or the precincts thereof, or shall set out, lay, put, place, or cause, or procure, permit,

r fufrer to be set out, laid, put, or placed, any coach, chnife, cart, car, wain, waggon, dray, fledge, or other carriage, upon any of the said carriage or foot-ways, except for the necessary time of loading or unloading any such cart, car, wain, waggon, dray, fledge, or other carriage, or lor taking up or setting down any fare, or waiting for passengers when actually hired, or harneffing, or unharnefling the horses from any such coach, chaise, cart, car, wain, uaggon, dray, fledge, or other carriage, and also for such time as shall be reasonable or necessary for washing carriages, where carriages heretofore have been usually walked upon file pavement, and shall not immediately remove the fame u iion required so to do, by any person or persons whom-fjever, or if any person or persons shall set or place, or inufc to be set or placed in any of the said carriage or footways, any timber, (tones, bricks, lime, mortar, or other materials or things whatsoever, unless the fame draft be en-dosed with the consent of the commissioners for the time being, or the major part of them for the purpose of, any during such lime as shall be by them allowed, for repairing or rebuilding any inefluage or other building, before which '.he fame draft he laid,' and shall not immediately remove 5 P 2 the

The Fortieth Year of George' ill.

the fame, being thereunto required by any person or tpersons whomsoever, every person offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall for every such' offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten shillings, nor less than five shillings, Committee and the better to enforce the observance of the before mentioned regulation, it shall be lawful to and for the said com-aif re‘ ' ^tee, or the major part of them, to appoint one or more mattersand^ person or persons by warrant under their hands and seals, mentilw" to feiz'e any such flail, (land, board, bench, basket, ea(k, daime/on'd crate> wai"es> merchandizes, meat, fish, fruit, goods, coach, redeemed chaise, cart, car, wain, waggon, dray,'fledge, or other car-may b/foM?5 Via ge, together with the horse or horses, mule or mules, afs or asses, if any shall be thereunto belonging-,- with the har-riefs, gears, and accoutrements thereof, or any such timber, stones, bricks, lime, mortar, or other materials or things aforesaid, and cause the same to be; removed to such place or places as he or they shall judge convenient and proper, giving notice to the owner, driver, or other person having any interest therein, if he, she, or they can be found, of the place or places whereunto the same shall be so removed, and the fame there to keep and detain until such owner, driver, or other person so interested therein as aforesaid, shall pay or cause to be paid the said penalty, together with the'charges of taking or removing the fame, and of keeping such horses, mules, or asses, if any: and in case the goods, carriages, horses, materials, or other articles and things so removed, shall not be claimed, and the said penalty and charges paid within five days next after such removal thereof, then it shall be lawful to and for the said committee, or the major part of them, to order the same to be sold by public auction, and the overplus of the money arising by such sale shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof on demand, after deducing the said penalty, and the cods, charges, and expences attending such feizore, removal, keeping, and sale, such costs, charges, and expences, to be ascertained and allowed by the sovereign or chief magistrate of the corporation of the said town of Belfast, or any judic; of the peace in the said county of Antrim.

All persons

XXXVII. And it shall be lawful for any person or per-such as they sons whomsoever, who shall fee any afires, dirt, dull, offal, OTilyfn"8 duns> rut*t)ifh, foil, or any other filth or annoyance whatsoever,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

put, placed, thrown, call, or laid in any of the said streets, passages, lanes, feweTS, mill-races, water-courses, and other places within the limits prescribed by this act, to seize and apprehend, and also for any other person or ersons to assist in seizing and apprehending the offender and offenders, and he and they is, and are hereby authorized and required so to do, without any warrant, and to take fuel) offender or offenders before the said sovereign or chief magistrate of the said town, or some justice of the peace for the county of Antrim, who upon oath being made of such offences as aforesaid, shall and may commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction for the said county of Antrim, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding ten days, nor less than five days, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid; and if any person who shall be apprehended for having committed any offence against this act, shall refuse to discover his name or place of abode to the said" sovereign or justice before whom lie shall be so brought, such person so refusing, shall be immediately delivered to a constable, or other peace-officer, and shall be by him conveyed to the common gaol, or house of correction for the said county, there to remain until he shall declare his name and place of abode to the keeper of such prison, common gaol, or house of correction, or his deputy, to be by him communicated to the said sovereign or justice who shall have committed him, or some other justice of the peace for the said county.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall hereafter run, roll, drive or draw, or cause to be run, rolled, driven or drawn, on any of the flagged or foot pavements within the limits prescribed by this act, any calk, or any wheel or wheels, car, fledge, wheelbarrow, or any other carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any horse, afs, mule, or Other cattle, coach, car, cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage whatsoever, upon any part of the said flagged or foot pavements, it shall be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever, who shall fee any Inch offence committed, to seize, and also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing such offender or offenders, and by authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them before the said Vol. XX. 5 O sovereign

429 A.D. 1S00. Chap. 37.

annoyances with said

prccui<Sb«

OfTeti'k’r; committed upon oath.

Penalties for eiicio.ich-molts on

fani’Waes.

43° Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. -sovereign of Belfafi aforesaid, or some justice of the peace i&oo.^ for the said county of Antrim, and the party or parties ac-cufed being -brought before such chief magistrate or justice, the said magistrate or justice shall proceed to examine upon oath any witness or witnesses who shall appear to be produced to give evidence touching such offence, which oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer-, and if the party or parties shall be convicted of any such offence, upon his, her, or their confcilion or confeftions, or upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings for the first offence, the sum of ten shillings for the second offence, and the sum of twenty shillings for the third and every other offence, together with all the costs and charges of repairing and making good any damage done to the said flagging or foot pavements, and the expence attending the seizing and conviding of such offender or offenders.

Penalty for XXXIX- And whereas the emptying of foil or filth

annoying tile

town of Bel. from privies, nccdlanes, or bog-houses, into or upon streets, Split foil, lancs> or other places in the said town of Belfast, and the oidnn, urine, carrying of night foil through the fame in the day time, ate great and offensive nuisances, for remedy whereof be it further en'acted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who after the passing of this act, shall at any time carry or remove any night foil or ordure -through or along any street, lane, or place within the said town of Belfast, between the hours of seven o’clock in the morning, and ten of the clock at night, and every person who by day or by night shall empty any night foil, ordure or filth from any fewer, privy, or bog-house, or other place, on any street, lane or place within the said town, or shall throw from any door or window into the fame, any urine, ordure or filth, and shall be thereof convicted, on the oath of one credible witness before the sovereign of the said town of Belfast, or any justice of the peace for the said county of Antrim, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings as a fine for every such offence, to be levied by distress or sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and foal of the said sovereign of Belfast, or the justice of the peace- before whom such con-.viclion shall be had and made, and to be applied for and

towards

The Fortieth Year of George III. 431

towards the purposes of this act, or in default of such distress, A.D. such offender or offenders shall be committed to the gaol or house 1 Soc>. . of correction of the said county of Antrim, and there kept to ^37; hard labour for any time not exceeding five days, as the said fovc-reign, orsuch justice shall think fit.

XII. And whereas keeping swine within the said town of Bel- Swine found fid, and permitting the same to run or wander in and about the m'a., £ public streets and places therein, occasion much filth, and frequent interruptions and annoyances, for remedy whereof, be it further table society-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any hog, low, boar, or pig, or other swine, shall at any time after the passing this act, be found straying or wandering in any street, lane or place within the said town of Belfali, or precincts thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any commissioner or committee-man aforesaid, or any person by their authority, or any peace officer, to cause the same to be seized, or in case the fame cannot conveniently be taken alive, to be killed, all and every of which said hogs, sows, boars, pigs, and swine so seized or killed, shall belong to, and be taken by the Belfast charitable society, for the use and benefit of the poor therein.

XLII. And whereas the slaughtering and killing of black cattle,

sheep, and swine, in or contiguous to streets of great thorough- i«g in places fare, and places of public resort, in the said town of Belfast, is a great nuisance, for remedy and prevention whereof, be it further outcn.^tof enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ox, cow, calf, <«.

sheep, lamb, hog or pig, or any kind or other beast, shall at any time after the passing of this act, be fiaughtcred or killed by any butcher, llaughterer, or other person, in any stall, Ihop, (bed, yard, or other open, enclosed, or covered building, or place, fronting to, or contiguous to any of the streets or lanes of said town, or to any place of public worship or resort, or market-house, or narket-place, or other place in the said town, without the consent of the commissioners, or the major part of them present at any such meeting as aforesaid, first had and obtained in writing for that purpose, provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend; or be construed, deemed,- or taken, to prevent or restrain merchants from slaughtering cattle foe exportation, and not for the consumption of said town, in such places as they have heretofore been acctlftomed to do, or might have done, if this act had not been made, that then and in every, or any such case, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the 5 0,2 said

432 Fhe Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

said sovereign of Bclfaft, for the time being, or any other pi.1^00' justice of the peace for the said county of Antrim, either upon his view of the fame, or upon proof made thereof before him, by the oath of any one credible witness, or on the confession of the party accused, to fine every person who shall so (laughter or kill any ox, cow, calf, flrecp, lamb, hog, pig, or other beast, in any such place or places as aforesaid, without such consent or permission as aforesaid, or the renter or occupier of such Ihed, {hop, yard, or other building or place wherein the same shall be so (laughtcred or killed, or all or any of them, in any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the film of five pound', nor Jess than ten shillings, for every ox, cow, calf, (keep, lamb, pig, or other beast so killed or slaughtered, and in case of his, or their refusal or neglect, to pay the same immediately when imposed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said sovereign, or such other justice of the peace for the said county, to commit the person or persons who shall so refuse or negledd to pay such fine or fines to the common gaol or house of corrcflion in the said county, there to remain until he, she, or they shall have fully paid the fame, all and every of which said fines so levied, shall belong, and be paid to the Bclfaft-charitable society, for the use and benefit of the poor.

XLII. And for the better preventing nuisances, encroachments, and obstructions within the said stree.ts, lanes, and places within the said limits prescribed by this act, be it Eow-«i,i. therefore enacted, That no bow-windows, or other projec-oriur prtijcc- tion into any of the said streets, or other places under the tlu"!' management of the said committee, shall, after the passing of this add, be built with, or added to any house or other building, so as'to extend beyond the general line of the -fronts of the houses in such streets, or other places in which such bow-window or other projection is made, except such projections as may be necessary for copings, cor. r.ices, faces, door and window drellings, or for porticoes, (tops, or iron palisadoes, and also, except the window of any drop on the ground floor (dory of any such building, the flail boards of which (hop windows shall not, in any such llrect or other place, be thirty feet wide, or projedd above twelve inches, nor in any street or other place less than -o thirty

The Fortieth Year of George III. 433

thirty feet wide, above six inches from the upright line of ., A.D. ; the building in such street, or other place respectively, and j^00* no cornice or covering thereof, to any (hop window, shall in any street or other place, thirty feet wide or more, project more than twenty inches, nor in any street or other ’ -place less than thirty feet wide, more than fifteen inches . from the upright line of the building to which such (hop window belongs i and in case any person or persons shall, after the passing of this act, erect or build any new dwelling house in the said town of Belfast, or within the precincts thereof, such person or persons shall cause such dwelling- Hownc^ honfe to be erected and built with party walls, of the thickness of nine inches at the lead, and in case any person or persons shall cause any bow window, or other projection to be built with or added to any house, or other building, within any of the streets, or other places as afore-fiid, or shall in building any new dwelling-house, omit or negledi to build party walls, not less than nine inches thick, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence pcult)<. the sum of ten pounds: and it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or respective committees, where any such offence shall be committed, to cause every such house so built without party walls, and every such bow-window or projection to be taken down and removed, and all exoences attending the same shall be paid by the person or persons to whom such bow-window or other projection shall belong, which penalty and expences (such expences being first afeer-lained by the said commissioners or committees) shall be levied and recovered in like manner as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted by this act, can or may be levied or applied for the general purposes of this act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all signs which sigmtobs now are, or shall hereafter be placed or hung in any of the said streets and other places, under the management of the hid committee, shall be fixed or placed flat on the front walls of such houses or buildings respectively to which the fimc shall belong. And it shall be lawful for the said committee-men, or any three or more of them, by order in writing under their hands, to cause all signs, sign-irons, s/gn-pofl., sign-posts, or spouts, and all openings and Heps into cellars,

Vol. XX. ;S and bo, s=c. M

be altered as directed by cuimn.itce men.

\V ater from i oofs lo be conveyed by pipe?, '

6cc.

Committee may remove encroachments and annoyance*, it nut removed within daye after notice, atul levy charges.

' Commit* lionirs or committee may cause names of streets, &c-to be put up, and hotifes, tic. to be numbered.

Penalty for injuring orj defacing in-feriptionaor . numbers.

The Fortieth Year of George I’ll.

and all cellar-windows and dung-bins whatsoever in the streets, lanes, and public passages and ways to be removed or altered in such manner as they shall think fit. And tiny shall and may cause all water to be removed from the roofs, cornices, and pent-houses of all houses and other buildings, by proper and sufficient pipes or trunks, to be affixed on the fronts or (ides of such houses, or other buildings, by and at the expence of the owner or occupier thereof; and in cate any owner shall not at his or her own costs and charges,

within fourteen days after notice in writing shall be given in him or her, or left at his or her dwelling-house, signed by the clerk or surveyor to the said committee, or by three nr more of the said committee, remove or alter such encroachments- or annoyances, according to such order or notice, it shall be lawful for the said committee, or any three or more of them, from time to time to cause all such openings and Heps, into cellars, encroachments and annoyances to be filled up, closetl, removed, and altered, and to levy the charges and expences attending the fame, (such charges and expences being first duly afcetlained by the said commissioners or respective committees) Upon the goods and chattels of the owner or occupier of every such house or other building, by virtue of a warrant under, the hand and seal of the fove-reign of said town, or any of the justices of the peace rc-fident within- the said town or preeinfts thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-‘fioners or committees shall, and may if they think proper, cause to be placed or written on a conspicuous part of force house or building, at or near each end, corner, or entrance of the several streets and other places, she name by which every such street and place is nfually called or known; and also shall and may,..if they shall think fit, cause every hotife, j .{hop,- warehouse, or building within the said streets and J places, or any of them, and also all lamp-irons belonging to the said commissioners, to be marked and-numbered in such manner-as they, fbnll think mofl. proper for distinguishing the fame.; and if any person shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, alter, cover over, or cfcfice any such inscription or number, or any part thereof, or cause or,procure the same to.be.done, every person so of-

cf-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings, to be recovered in like ma.nner as any other penalty is herein before directed and authorized to be re--covered, and to be-applied to the general purpose of this

435

A.n.

i 800. Chap. 31

JlU.

LXV. And whereas the breaking up of pavements in (beets and other places for the purpose of laying down or rcpii ing water-pipes, or making, repairing, or cleansing (inks sewers, or drains leading from houses or other buildings into common sewers or water courses in the said town of Bel fa ft, often causes great expence, and the fulfering the same to remain broken up and open, is a great nuisance, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That till charges, damages, and expences, which shall be occa-fitmed by the taking or breaking up of any pavement, for Espence, the purpose of laying down or repairing any pipe or pipes braking »p under such pavements for conducing water through the said for

(beets, lanes, or other places within the said town or pre- pipe*. c<m-finds thereof, or to any house or other building therein, and ur, ckanfing also the charges of relaying the fame, shall be borne, defrayed, and made good by the owner, lessees, or tenants of fra>y<t by

° J pafons lur

such pipes, and that all the charges, damages, and expences whom dune, which shall be occasioned by the taking or breaking up of any pavement for the purpose of making, repairing, or denoting any fink, fewer, or drain leading from any house or building to any common fewer or water-course within the said town or precindls thereof, as also the charges and cxpcnecs of relaying the fame, shall be wholly defrayed and made good by the respective occupiers of such houses or buildings from which the said finks, sewers, or drains are, or (liali be laid, or by the person or persons who shall require any such links, sewers,' or drains, to be nude, repaired, or cleansed, any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, which pavements so broken up as aforesaid, the "person at whose in fiance the M5-d£c:,:j!1 >' fiinc shall have been opened, shall cause as speedily as place, kept possibleto be repaired and closed, on pain of twenty shillings ""'niranly for every day the same shall be suffered to remain unnecessarily open, to be levied as other penalties are hereby di-5 R 2 redled

43 6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

redled to be levied, and to be applied to the general par*

I^00, poses of this act, provided always that no pavement shall be

broken up for the purposes aforesaid, without the consent of three or more of the committee in writing first had and ob-40s. penalty tained; and also that so long as the same shall remain open,

for opening . 0 r

without u- such opening shall be surrounded by a wooden railing, on keeping up a Pa'n of forty shillings for every such omission or offence, to be

wooden rail- levied and applied as aforesaid. tng. r r

XLVI. And whereas the appointment of scavengers, and the establishing and maintaining-a constant and well regulated nightly watch within the said town of Belfast throughout toSwmeet- ll'e year, will contribute towards keeping the streets of the !mtt°e men" !own clean, and protecting the persons and property of within 2. all his Majesty's subjects therein from- fires, thefts, burglaries,

months after /ri *i -

they arecho- aliaults, violences, and other outrages and injuries during ^n, to appoint night time, be it therefore further enabled, by the au-

scavengers 0 J

and watch- thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for; the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, and he is hereby directed and required within two calendar months next after the time the said committee-men shall be chosen as aforesaid, to appoint a meeting of all the said committee-men to be held at such time and place within the said town as he shall think fit, - for the purpose of appointing a sufficient number of men to sweep and clean the said streets and other places, and for providing carts or cars, and horses to carry away the filth and dirt; and also for appointing a constant rightly watch within the said town and precincts thereof, of which said time and' place of meeting, six days previous notice at; least shall be publicly given in the said town by the common

- crier, and also affixed in writing at or rear the place of such: intended meeting 5 and at which said meeting it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said committee-men, and they are hereby authorized and rerquired cither to nominate and appoint a Sufficient number of men to sweep and clean the streets, and other places of the said town, and to provide carts or cars,-and horses to carry away the-filth, dirt, anil sweepings to such place or places, and to be sold or disposed of in such manner as the said committee-men, or the major -part of them shall order and diredf, or to contract with any persons or persons for sweeping, cleaning, and" carrying away Xuch filth.and dirt; and in case the said filth and dirt and

sweepings

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

/weepings shall be sold to any person or persons, the money arising therefrom shall be paid into the hands of the said commissioners for the general purposes of this act, in exclulion to all other persons, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and also to nominate and appoint such, and so many able-bodied and orderly men resident within the said town and precincts thereof, who shall be ready and willing to execute the office to be nightly watchmen within the same, and to order such salaries, films of money, or other allowances, to be made to such feavengers and watchmen weekly or otherwise; and also to make such rules, orders, and regulations respecting the said feavengers and watchmen, and for the maintenance and accommodation of the said watchman, as the said committee-men present at such meeting, or the major part of them (not being less than fire in number) shall think fit and necessary, which watchmen when appointed, shall from the time when they shall be set at night, until they shall be. discharged in the morning, have power to arrest and carry to the watch-house all persons breaking the peace, or brawling, quarrelling in the flrect, or disturbing the inhabitants,/ or attempting to commit any burglary, felony, or other offence, and such offenders to detain in custody, until they can be carried before a magistrate as in such cases is usual.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiHinners and-committee-men from time to time, at any ami make bye subsequent meeting or meetings which shall be convened in laws’ &c-like manner for all or any of the purposes last herein before mentioned, (and which the said sovereign of Belfast for the time being, at his own free will and pleasure, or at tile refined of any three of the said committee-men, is hereby an- ‘ thorized and directed to call) to displace, remove, and discharge all or any such feavengers and watchmen as shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, either for neglect of duty, drtinkenness, misbehaviour, or other cause whatever, and to nominate and appoint others in the place and Scad of such as shall be so removed, or shall happen' to die, and so from time to time, and at all times thereafter, at any like subsequent meeting, to remove and appoint other fc.i-vtngers and watchmen, and to lessen or encrease the num-Voo. XX. 5 S . ber

Power* to difylfcc fca-mrrers or watchmen,

438

A.D. 1800.

li-oo. <?hap. 37.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ber thereof, and also to make such new or other bye-lairs, rules, orders and regulations, with such penalties for breach of the fame, to be levied in fttch manner as the penalties herein before mentioned are directed to be levied respecting the sweeping the said fircets, and the said nightly watch,

and the general internal regulation of the butchers, flaughterers, and sith-mongers as the said commissioners and committee-men present at any such meeting, or the major part of them, not being less than five in number, shall fee occasion and think fit.

XLVIII. Provided always, and-it is hereby further enacted and Sums for declared, That the several salaries, wages, -films of money, allotv-svatci'imeuf ances, or other payments, which shall be so ordered and directed and incidental t<) be paid or made to all or any watchmen, who from time to time

expences mall 1

be raffed as shall be nominated and appointed such by virtue of this act, and the llercin' costs and charges of erecting watch-houses or boxes, and providing (laves, Janthorns, rattles, and other necessaries for their use and protection, and all other incidental expences attending the main-

taining such nightly watch as aforesaid, shall be raised and levied yearly, or oftener if the said commissioners and committee-men shall think fit, by such and the like ways and means, and in the like manner and proportions as the sums of money for paving, lighting, and cleaufing the streets, squares, lanes, and other places in the said town of Belfast, as herein before directed and appointed to be raised and levied, and shall when raised be paid into the hands of the said commissioners, or their bankers for the time being, and be

thereafter by them paid and applied for the (ole purpose ot maintaining the said nightly watch, or discharging such salaries, wages, and other sums of money as the said committee-men, or any five ct more shall at any public meeting or meetings of theirs from time to time certify to the said commissioners to be due and owing, and the said -committee and commissioners are hereby respectively inverted with < fitch and the like powers for defraying all expences

Li'« pom t!lc watch, and for ascertaining, levying, collecting,

for lary.ng recovering, and letting to farm-the rates so to be applotted and ^tciln'oiKy made payable for maintaining the said nightly watch, and also for eghtLg rec0VerinS the penalties and forfeitures on non-payment of the said

:rates, and for doing all other.acts, matters, and things in respect thereof, as fully and eiledtually to all intents and purposes as the said committee and commissioners are herein before inverted with for levying and railing the said rates for paving, lighting, and -cleansing the said streets, lanes, and other places in the said town of Belfast, or any matter relating thereto, and in like manner as if

The Fortieth Year of George III. 439

the said several persons, authorities, provisions, matters and things, A.D. or the like were herein again repeated, specifically given or granted ih’co. to them. 2^7-

XLIX. And whereas the regulating the rates and fares of cars, drays, and carts, and of the owners and drivers of the fame, and also porterage within the said town and precincts thereof, will prevent many impofuions made on the inhabitants and traders of the said town and precincts thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act into a law, the said commissioners hereby appointed, or any five of them are hereby authorized to grant licenses to all fitch person or persons as Rrgufo.

shall keep or drive any car, dray, or cart, plying for hire within the said town, and that when so licensed, the name of such person drar*,

9m and port sis.

or persons so Iicenled shall be printed in white roman letters, one

and one-half inches long at lead, on some conspicuous part of every such car, cart, or dray; and also to grant licenses to all fitch person or persons plying for hire, or acting as porters within the said town and precincts thereof, and from time- to time to limit the number of such cars, drays, or carts so plying for hire, and the persons who shall act as porters therein, and to ascertain such fees or other recompence to the owner or occupier of such cars, drays, or carts, or to the persons plying as porters, as shall from time to time appear necessary to the said commissioners, and cause the said rates and fees to be printed and published, and polled on the market-house of said town, and every such person or persons l"o obtaining such license, shall pay to the clerk of the said commissioners for each and every such license for such car, cart, or dray, the sum of five shillings sterling, and for every license to act bf

as a porter or carrier, the sum of two shillings and six-pence yearly, and every year, provided always that it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners from time to time to revoke or withdraw licenso may such license on proof of any improper conduct in the person or f'r ' persons so licensed. conduct.

L. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That , Stands mjj-

' be pointed

the said commissioners shall have full power and authority, out. from time to time, to point out and regulate the place or places wherein carts, cars, or drays, so licensed to ply for hire, shall Hand or resort to in the said town when not actually employed, and the number that shall remain 011 each (land.

5 S 2

449 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

LI. And be it enacted, That in case any person or per-1-’C0, fons shall keep, drive, or let to hire any car, dray, or cart, or flinll ply for hire as a porter within the said town of foi-piyin^ or l'ie precindls thereof, without a license being

without li- duly had and obtained from the said commissioners for that

ce"14, purpose, then every such person and persons who shall keep,

drive, or let to hire any such car, dray, or cart, within the said town or the prccindls thereof, or shall ply or aft as a porter therein for any such offence, shall forfeit and pay the penalties following; that is to say,' the sum of ten fhil-

lings for each and every car, dray, or cart which shall ply, and for every time it shall ply without such license, and the sum of five drillings for each and every person who shall act as a porter or carrier in the said town of Belfast, or the

precindls thereof, without such license, and for every time fncli person shall so aft, the said several penalties to be paid over, and to be applied for the purposes of this act, the same to be levied and recovered, in a summary way, before the sovereign of the said town, or any one magistrate of the

county of Antrim, on proof being made on oath after one

summons to the party offending, and to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, or if the owner of such car, cart, or dray, by warrant under

' the hand and seal of such magistrate, and the overplus (if any, after all charges being deduced) shall be paid to the person so distrained, and in case no sufficient distress or distrdles can or may be had to answer the said penalties respectively, the person or persons so offending shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said magistrate, be

sent to the county gaol, there to be kept and confined for any term not exceeding one month, or until such penalty

penalties for shall be paid; and in case any carrier or porter shall demand

mnrejliun Of receive more than the price set down‘and agreed on by byommHB commissioners, he, she, or they, shall be subject to

oners. the penalty of five shillings for the first, ten shillings for the second, and twenty shillings-for the third, and every such further offence,

IWty for

LII. And be it.also enacted, That in case any driver of OT$iat:ng any licensed car, dray, or cart, shall refuse to take a fare hirrSrt]. ’n *'’s regular turn, when called upon, or shall stipulate for,

lowed. . or receive any greater sum or rate of hire than that which

he

I

The Fortieth Year of George III. 441

He is entitled to, or any additional reward of what nature A.D. or kind soever, every such person so offending shall be fined *800. the sum of ten shillings sterling for every such offence, and that all fines and penalties imposed by this act shall be levied, on eonvidlion on oath by foroe credible person before the sovereign of the town for the time being, or any other justice of the peace for the county of Antrim, who are hereby authorized and empowered to issue warrants under their hands and seals for the recovery of the said fines and penalties in the manner herein before directed, and that all fines and penalties, and the monies to be paid for li-cenfes, shall be paid to the said commissioners, or their clerk, to go and be applied to the general purposes of this act.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commits.

: oner* may

said, That the said commiluooers hereby authorized and ap- make bye-, pointed, shall and may, from'time to time, have full power to make such rules, bye-laws, orders, and regulations, with such penalties for breaking or disobeying the same as they may conceive necessary, for regulation of such car-men, carters, draymen, and porters, and for the regulation of the coal trade of said town, and for the government, order, and direction of the matters of colliers or coal vessels, whilst within the harbour of Belfast, relative to the mode of felling coals, as such commissioners shall, from time to time, deem expedient and proper, which rules, bye-laws, and regulations, when made, shall be as binding and effectual as if the fame had been specially enacted herein and hereby,

LIV. And whereas it is of great importance for the preservation of the lives and properties of the inhabitants of the said town and precincts thereof, that proper fire engines should be provided and kept within said town, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and afterpaf-sing this act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required to provide a good and sufficient fire engine or fire engines, with pipes, mvc c«-buckcts, and all other implements necessary for working the smc‘-feme, and to appoint such persons to attend and work fame, at such yearly salaries as the said commissioners shall think proper, provided always that such salaries shall not exceed in the whole the sum of ten pounds for each fire engine,

442 .'the Fortieth Year of Gtorgt IH-

A.D. 1800.

such salaries and other the expences attending the fame, C. 1800; to be applotted and levied as other-taxes are herein before directed to'belevicd. orju«Sgn

LV. And be it fort Iter enacted, That wheresoever in and may i-onvift by this act the oath of a witness is required, to the conviction of any person ’who shall have been guilty of making, ^committing,-causing, or suffering any o'f the nuifanee, annoyance, or obflruGion, herein and hereby prohibited, it shall and tTiay.be lawful to and for the said sovereign of the said town, or any justice of the peace of ...the said county of An* trim, upon 'his or their own view of any such offence without such oath as aforesaid, to convict every such offender, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And whereas the late marquis of Donegal did, in the-year of our lord, one thousand feveil hundred and nineiy-five, grant a lease to the Bel fad charitable focic-ty for the tqrm of sixty-one years, of certain fptings and fountains of -water contiguous to the said -town, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of said town with pure wholefotne water, in consequence whereof the said fociely has expended a large film of money in conveying -water from such springs and fountains into said town, and in erecting a reservoir or bason for containing the fame within said town, and other works, and in introducing main pipes into some of the principal flrcets in said town, from which water may be conveyed b.y lesser pipes or branches into the dwelling-houses in said town, which mull greatly conduce to the health and convenience of the inhabitants, and to the security and safety of the town.

LVII. And whereas no provision was or could be made compeloiia- in the said lease for compelling the inhabitants or occupiers plir'foVfticli houses in said town to pay for the use of such water, by -water. . means whereof the said society is prevented -from raising that revenue therefrom, which was intended by the said marquis of Donegal for the support of the poor of the said town, and also from 'erecting public fountains for the use of the what rums poor, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

plotted for" from and after the passing of this act, and for and during use nt bid the continuance of the said lease, and of all and every re-

water. J J

newal and renewals to be had or gotten thereof, every

owner

>upon tuetr own view.

Lease of fptings and fountains granted by

late marquis of Dourgsd

to charitable society:

No provi-

linii niruli> tn

The Fortieth Year of George III. 443

owner nr occupier of every dwelli'ng-house in the said town A.D. of Belfast, which is so situated that it may receive the be- r>|1®0:>' nefit of such water, if such occupier shall think proper so lo do, and which dwelling-house shall be valued in manner herein after mentioned, at the annual rent or sum of five pounds or upwards, shall pay to the said society, dr their successors, or to the person and peTfons by them authorized to receive the same, a certain annual rent, or sum of money for such water, proportioned to the annual value of such. duclling-house, provided the same shall not exceed the sum of forty shillings by the year for any one house, such annual fom to be paid as aforesaid, to be ascertained and applotted on such dwelling-honfes by twelve inhabitants of the said town, to be chosen as pipe-water applotters annually by the inhabitants of the parish of Bclfaft assembled in vestry, such premier. pipe-water applotters so to be chosen by such vestry, to he qualified in every respect as. herein before specified and required with respect to other applotters, which pipe-water applotters so appointed, shall within twenty-one days after their appointment, proceed to ascertain the annual value of the different houses within the said town, (having first taken an oath before the sovereign of Belfast' for the time being, fairly and impartially to value the fame, and togapplot proportionally to such value) and shall applot the Aims to be paid for pipe-water by the inhabitant, occupier of each hniife, in proportion to the respective values of the several houses so ascertained as aforesaid; provided that in case zity owner or owners of such dwelling-houses shall think »pp«i» himself or themselves over-rated or aggrieved by such ap- ou«$. plotment, it shall and may be lawful to and for such owner or owners to appeal from such applotment to the commissioners in and by this act before nominated and appointed, who are hereby empowered finally to hear and determine the fame, and the merits of such appeal.

LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the autho-tily aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the president and afliflants of the said Bclfaft charitable society from time to time as oration may require, to make agreement or agreements with all brewers, maltsters, distillers, lugar-bakers, tanners, stein-5 T 2 ners,

444 ' 7/fe Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. -nets, dyers, butchers, and ilaughterers, inn-keepers, -or any I300- other description of persons, tradesmen, or manu'fadtorers, who have any extraordinary confuraption of water for a fuf-^Chan'tabfc ficient quantity of water according to their respective con--make agree- fiumptions, provided the sum to be paid or agreed to be ^rfoL'who paid by any person or persons as before described, for his ^ordinary fcppty of water 'n any one year, shall not exceed the sum of consumption thirty-four pounds two shillings and six-pence fierling by the

cf water*

year.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person neglect or refuse to pay the annual rents applotted and ascertained as herein before directed for twenty-one days after personal demand made thereof, or demand in wilting left at the place of abode, or in the occupation of the person so directed to pay said rents, it shall and may be lawful to a.r.d Society for the president and assistants of the said charitable society, or Biaydiitnun their officers or receiver appointed to receive the said annual rents

for water- 1

money. by warrant under the hand and seal of the sovereign of said to»vn, or other magistrate in his absence, which warrant the said love-reign is hereby authorized and required to grant, to enter into the houses and lands within said town, occupied by persons so chargeable with said rents, and to distrain their goods and chattels; and if said annual rent shall not be paid within ten days after such distress taken, together with the costs of such distress, to be ascertained by the sovereign of the said town, then to feti so much, and such part thereof as will be sufficient to pay the said rent, with all cods and charges attending the fame, returning the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattels.

Payment of

LX. And whereas many houses are let out in lodgings or tene-ferhu^kt ments to divers tenants, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. in lodging3. That then and in such case the rent payable out of such house, at the rates before mentioned under the regulations of this act, shall be paid, and the said president and affifta'nts are hereby empowered to levy the same from the owner or owners of such houses or tenements, or from the occupier or occupiers of any part of such houses or tenements, in such manner as other distrest’es and fab are by this'ad directed, and such occupier or occupiers of such tenements, being parts of houses, are hereby required and authorized to pay such sums as are herein before mentioned, to be ap-- plotted on such tenement in pursuance of this act, and to deduct The fame out of the rent of his or their holdings, and the owners or proprietors are required to allow such dedudions and payments 5 up011

The Fortieth Year of George -lit 445

upon the receipt of tire residue of the rent, and all such . A- D. tenants paying such annual rents for water, shall be ac- J,-

quitted and discharged for so much as such rent amounts to, as if the fame was actually paid to such persons to whom the rents of their holdings should have been due and payable.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every brewer, maltster, distiller, tanner, sugar-liaker, lkinner, dyer, and every other person or persons who shall make use of the said waters in their several occupations or manufactures, shall pay for the said water agree- p,fc,s ably to the mode herein before prescribed, according to their respective consumptions and agreements for that purpose be- agreements_ shall pay ac- ‘

tiveen them and the said society, provided said Turn so to be omimgty, agreed on shall not exceed the sum of thirty-four pounds two X'cd'a shillings and six pence, in any one year to each person. year-

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Society said, that the presidentand assistants of the said society may, wlter-worb! and are hereby empowered to make such regulations for the better improvement of said water-works, and to lay down such main pipes in the said town as to them may seem expedient.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- where said, That in case any house in the said town shall, at any t,lere l,lalllbc

J 'no water for

time or times, for the space of three want water through the negligence or

days successively, ihree fuceef-

- , five days,

inattention or the through neg. laid society, or any of the officers employed by them in the said works, in such case and not otherwise, it shall and may if money be lawful for the owner or occupier of such house or houses umed!^' to retain out of the annual rent payable by him or them for the water of such house or houses, one-fourth part of the said rent for the said rent in which such omission or default shall happen, as a compensation for such want or detention of water, provided always that nothing in this act contained Nottoaffcft

' A ° i the light of

mail extend, or he deemed, construed, or taken to extend the m. of to assess the right, title, and interest of the present Mar- or

quis of Donegal, his heirs and assigns, of, in, and to the said water springs and fountains, hut the same shall be, and remain and continue as the fame would have remained and continued if this act had never been made: and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent, hinder,

or

Comrr.iT-f»*nn.r> shall Lc calfed coni-iniflioncrsof the townuf I) hall.

Aclicms to commence within 0 months, and venue hid in co Atitihn.

Defendant may plead the

Treble costs; to defendant, if plaintiff

be mm-fnited,

Colls and charges of this act to be levied like sums for pav-ir.£, fee.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or impede, or be deemed or taken to prevent, hinder, or impede the said marquis and his heirs, to demise and set water springs and fountains for the further use and accommodation of the said town of Belfast, or any part thereof.

liXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners shall be called and known, and fueand be sued, and defend in all actions brought by or against them by the name of the commissioners of the police of the town of Belfast, and that if any action or actions be brought, or suit or suits at law be commenced in any of his Majesty's courts within this kingdom, against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premises, such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be commenced within six months next ensuing after the committing of the alleged cause of action, and the venue iii such action or actions, shall be laid within the said county of Antrim, and not elsewhere. And it shall be lawful to and for the defendant or defendants, in such suit or suits to plead the general issue, and to give this act, and the special matter in evidence, and if the matter alleged to have been done and committed, shall appear not to have been done and committed, or if such action or suit shall not be brought and commenced within the time herein before limited for that purpof'e, or the venue shall be laid within any other county or place than the said county of Antrim, the jury impannelled to try the same shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions become non-suited, or fuller discontinuanec or verdict pass against die plaintiff, or if upon demurrer judgment be given against the plaintiffs, the said defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as in other cases is usual.

LXV. And be it further etiaded and declared, That the colif and charges of obtaining this act, and all other charges and expences relative thereto, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by such persons as shall be rateable towards paying the charges of paving, lighting, and cleansing the streets, lanes, and places therein as aforesaid, and shall be raised and levied in like manner as the said sums of money for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, lanes, and places are herein before provided and diredcil to be raised and levied, for the defraying and discharging of which costs and charges, an applotment according to the provisions and directions aforesaid, shall Ik made within two months after the passing of this act, and the

mono'

A o’lblic

ia.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 447

money arising therefrom is hereby directed to be paid into A.D. the hands of the said commissioners, to be by them applied !8°-. to the payment of the costs and charges'of obtaining this act, and of the soliciting the fame, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

LXVII.- Whereas the old church-yard or burying place in the said town of Belfast, is fitunted nearly in the centre of the said town, and by means of the encrease of population therein, the fame has become inefficient for the purposes intended; and whereas the water from the sea occasionally Nod.-ml overflows the said yard, and the burying of dead bodies therein by tire reason and means aforesaid, is become a pub- u1,1

i yard, 5l. y--

lie nuisance, for remedy whereof the late marquis of Do- i>Ay for di.;-negal granted a piece of ground above the poor-house and infirmary of said town, but notwithstanding several dead jo1.' r‘’.rl>r'

# ^ dering it.

bodies are from time to time buried and interred in the old burying ground, be it enacted therefore by the authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, no dead bodies whatsoever shall be interred in the said old church-yard or burying ground, and that the sovereign of the said town for the time being, and every other nwgiflrate of the said county of Antrim, who shall witness, or be informed of any such intended offence ilia'll, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to prevent the fame; and that every person who shall dig, or assist in digging any grave, for the purpose of interring any dead body within the said church-yard, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; and every person by whose order, command, or procurement any fitch grave shall he dug, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence, to be levied in such manner as other penalties arc herein before directed to lie levied, and to be applied to the general purposes of this eel.

5 U a

CHAP.

44& The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

_ The>t-

Kitmcrits of Great Britain and Ireland have it-foltfed to Concur »;i mca-furcs for uniting the two king-, dams:

And pmli.i-menih have agreed upon following articles

' Friday the F'trjl day of sfagttft, One ihoufar.d eight hundred^- Royal Jlfftnt given,

JOHN GAYER. D. CLER. EARL.

WHEREAS in pursuance of his Majesty's most gra-Y y cious recommendation to the two houses of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, to con-flder of such measures as might belt tend to llrengthen and consolidate the connexion between the two Itingdoms, the two houses of the parliament of Great Britain, and the two ho.nfes of the parliament of Ireland have severally agreed and resolved, that in order to promote and secure the ' essential inter efts of Great Britain and Ireland, and to con-folidate the strength, power, and resources of the British empire, it will be adviseable to concur in such measures as may heft tend to unite the two kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, into one kingdom, in such manner, and on such terms and conditions, as may be established by the acts of the respective parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland.

And whereas in furtherance of the said resolution, both houses of the said two parliaments respectively have like-wife agreed upon certain articles for effectuating and efia-blishing the said purposes in the tenor following:

ARTICLE FIRST.

ftrtst Sii-i;.|u ami Ireland to bt: tmiuil for ,\cr(rnm I

1 '(.hi. iSoi-

That it be the first article of the union of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, that the said kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland shall, upon the first day of January, which shall be in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever, be united into one kingdom, by the name of " the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland," and that the royal stile and titles appertaining to the imperial crown of the said united kingdom and its dependencies, and also the ensigns, nr-

rootl'd

1The Fortieth T-ear of George I'll. 449

morial flags and banners thereof, shall be such as his Majesty A.D. by his royal proclamation under the great teal of the united

kingdom shall be pleased to appoint.

ARTICLE SECOND.

That it be the second article of union, that the fucccflion to the Successiuii imperial crown of the said united kingdom, and of the dominions thereunto belonging, shall continue limited and settled in the fame at present. manner as the succeslion to the imperial crown of the said kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland now stands limited and settled, according to the existing laws, and to the terms of union between England and Scotland. ‘

ARTICLE THIRD.

That it be the-third article of union, that the said united king- Oucpulia-dom be represented in one and the fame parliament, to be Ailed rocnt'

"The parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland."

ARTICLE FOURTH.

That it be the fourth article of union that four lords spiritual of Spiritual Ireland, by rotation of felflons, and twenty-eight lords temporal poraj |orl|s ,'0 of Ireland, elected for life by the peers of Ireland, shall be the fit,forIrdjnJ’

7, / r and too com*

number to lit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of lords moneri. of the parliament of the united kingdom, and one hundred commoners, (two for each county of Ireland, two for the city of Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the university of Trinity college, and one for each of the thirty-one moll considerable cities, towns, and boroughs) be the number to fit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom.

That such ait as shall be passed in the parliament of Ireland Tin; rrpre-

1 1 1 t t t fontnUon aft

previous to the union, M to regulate the inode by which the lords shall be conspiritual and temporal, and the commons to serve in the parlia- " ment of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland, shall be " liimmoned and returned to the said parliament," shall be confi-Jered as forming part of the treaty of union, and shall be incorporated in the acts of the respective parliaments, by which the said anion shall be ratified and established.

That all questions touching the rotation or election of

lords spiritual or temporal of Ireland to fit in the parliament of lords spiri-\t w t< c tual slid lent-

VOL. XX. 5 X of poral

45® The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of the united kingdom, shall be decided by the house of

1800. lords thereof; and whenever by reason of an equality of

votes in the election of any such lords temporal, a complete election shall not be made according to the true intent of this article, the names of those peers for whom such equality of votes shall be so given, shall be written on pieces of paper of a limilar form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerk of the parliaments, at the table of the house of lords, whilst the house is fitting, and the peer or peers, whole name or names shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliaments, shall be deemed the peer or peers elected, as the case may be.

Tritli peers That any person holding any peerage of Ireland noiv fuo-filling, or hereafter to be created, shall not thereby be disqualified from being eie&ed to serve, if he shall so think lit, titii common- or from serving, or continuing to serve, if he shall so think wKti'inc fit, for any county, city, or borough of Great Britain, in ^,e I10ufe of commons of the united kingdom, uniefshc lave a« peers, shall have been previously elected as above to fit in the house of lords of the united kingdom, but that so long as such peer of Ireland shall so continue to be a member of the house of commons, lie shall not be entitled to the privilege of peerage, nor be capable of being elected to serve as a peer on the part of Ireland, or of voting at any such election, and that he shall be liable to be sued, indicted, proceeded against, and tried as a comrnoner, for any offence with which he may be charged.

Oration of That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and

Ir:m peers.

successors, to create peers of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, and to make promotions in the peerage thereof, after the union, provided that no new creation of any such peers shall take place after the union, until three of the peerages of Ireland, which shall have been existing at the time of the union, shall have become extinct, and upon such extinction of three peerages, that it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to create one peer of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, and in like manner, so often as three peerages of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, shall become extindl, it shall he lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to create one other peer of the said part of the united kingdom; and if it shall happen that the peers of that part of the united kingdom

The Fortieth Year of George III. 451

dom, called Ireland, shall by extindlion of peerages, or other- A.D. wife, be reduced to the number of one hundred, exclusive of -1 all such peers of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, as shall hold any peerage of Great Britain, subsisting at the time of the union, or of the united kingdom created since the union, by which such peers shall be entitled to an heteditary feat in the house of lords of the united kingdom, then and in that case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to create one peer of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, as often as any one of such one hundred peerages shall fail by ex-tindlion, or as often as any one peer of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, shall become entitled by defeent or creation to an hereditary feat in the house of lords of the united kingdom, it being the true intent and meaning of this article, that at all times after the union, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to keep up the peerage of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, to the number of one hundred, over and above the number of such of the said peers as shall lie entitled by defeen'for creation to an hereditary feat in the house of lords of the united kingdom.

That if any peerage shall at any time be in abeyance, in what such peerage shall be deemed and taken as an existing peerage, and no peerage shall be deemed extindl, unless on cJextinfl. default of claimants to the inheritance of such peerage, for the space of one year from the death of the person who shall have been last possessed thereof, and if no claim shall be made to the inheritance of such peerage, in such form and manner as may from time to time be prescribed by the house of lords of the united kingdom, before the expiration of the said period of a year, then and in that case fuel) peerage shall be deemed cxlinft, provided that nothing herein shall exclude any person from afterwards putting in a claim to the peerage so deemed extindl, and if such claim shall be allowed as valid by the judgment of the house of lords of the united kingdom reported to his Majesty, such peerage shall be considered as revived, and in case any new creation of a peerage of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, shall have taken place in the interval, in consequence of the fopposed cx-5X2 tindlion

How qitef-tionstouching election of Irish commoners shall be decided.

Qualifications ns to property of irish commoners shall he fame as in England.

How the jiniliturunt of the united kingdom shall becoiistitutedj

'In what case the present mcmbeis of both houses in G. B. shall be members of first parliament of the united kingdom

She Fortieth Year of George III. tirirftion of such peerage, then no new right of 'creation shall accrue to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in consequence of the next extinction which shall take place of any peerage of that, part of the united kingdom, called Ireland.

That all questions touching the election of members to fit on the partof-Ireland in the house of common5 of the united kingdom, shall be heard and decided in the fame manners; questions touching such -eleiftions in Great Britain now arc, or at any time hereafter shall by law be heard and decided, fuhjefl nevertheless to such particular regulations -in respect of Ireland, as from local circumstances the parliament of the united-kingdom may from time to time deem expedient.

That the qualifications in -respect of property of the mem-berseleifted o-n the part of Ireland, to fit in the house of-commons of the united kingdom, shall be respecti v-ely the fame a; are now provided by law, in the cases of elections for counties and cities, and boroughs respectively, in that part of ‘Great Britain, called England, unless any other provision shall hereafter be made in that respect by act of parliament of the united kingdom.

That when his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall declare his, her, or their pleasure for holding the first, or any subsequent parliament of the united -kingdom, a proclamation shall issue under the great seal of the united kingdom, to cause the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, tvlm are to serve in the parliament thereof on the part of Ireland, to be returned in such manner as by any act of this present session of the parliament of Ireland shall be provided, and that the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons of Great Britain shall, together with the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons so returned as aforesaid on the part of Ireland, constitute the two houses of the parliament of the united kingdom.

That if his Majesty, on or before the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and one, on which day the union is to take place, shall declare, under the great seal of Great Britain, thafit is expedient that the lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain should be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, then the said lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain shall

accord-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

accordingly be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, and they, together with the lords' spiritual and temporal, and commons so summoned and returned as above, on the part of Ireland, shall be the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and such first parliament may, (in that case) if not sooner diilolved, continue to fit folong as the present parliament of Great Britain may now by law continue to fit, if not sooner dissolved: Provided always, that until an act shall have passed in the parliament of the united kingdom, providing in what cases persons holding offices «r places of profit under the Noraorrdiaa crorvn in Ireland, shall be incapable of being members of the motiers hold-house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, Sall'fitTo the no greater number of members than twenty holding such

offices or places as aforesaid, shall be capable of fitting iii moreiiere-the said house of commons of the parliament of the united fcjts'oftl'c

I tit shall he vacated.

kingdom; and if such a number of members shall be returned to serve in the said house, as to make the whole number of members of the said house holding such offices or places as aforesaid more than twenty, then and in such case the feats or places of such members as shall have last accepted such offices or places shall be vacated, at the option of such members, so as to reduce the number of members holding such offices or places to the number twenty; and no person holding any such office or place, shall be capable of bring elected, or of fitting in the said house, while there arc twenty persons holding such offices or places fitting in the said house; and that every one of the lords of parliament OarfnteiK

e taken as nowr

of the united kingdom, and every member of the hoofe of prescribed by commons of the united kingdom, in the first and all succeeding parliaments, shall, until the parliament of the united kingdom shall otherwise provide, take the oaths, and make and ftibscribe the declaration, and take and subscribe the oath now by law enjoined to be taken, made and subscribed by the lords and commons of the parliament of Great Britain.

That the lords of parliament on the part of Iceland, in the_Privilege*, house of lords of the united kingdom, shall at all times have mfdpnxedim-ibe fame privileges of parliament which shall belong to the ^[,1"^ lords of parliament on the part of Great Britain, and the temporal in

1 the iinnt'iial

Voti XX. 5 Y " lords paiJinimnl.

454

A.D. 1800.Chap. 38

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

lords spiriiua! and temporal respectively on the part of Ireland, -(hail at all times have the fame rights in respect of their fitting and voting upon the trial of peers as the lords spirittial and temporal respectively on the part of Great Britain; and that all lords spiritual of Ireland shall have rank and precedency next, and immediately after the lords spiritual of the fame rank and degree of Great Britain, and shall enjoy all privileges as fully as the lords spiritual cf Great Britain do now, or may hereafter enjoy the fame, the

tight and privilege of fitting in thq house of lords, and the privileges depending thereon, and particularly the right t,f

fitting on the trial of peers, excepted; and that the persons 'holding any temporal peerages of Ireland, existing at the time of the union, shall, from and after the union, have rank and precedency next, and immediately after all the persons holding peerages of the like orders and degrees in Great Britain subsisting at the time of the union; and that ail peerages of Ireland, created after the union, shall have rank and precedency with the peerages of the united kingdom so created, according to the dates of their creations; and that all peerages, both of Great Britain and Ireland, now fubfill-ing, or hereafter to be created, shall in all other respects from the date of the union be considered as peerages of the united kingdom, and that the peers of Ireland shall, as peers of the united kingdom, be sued and tried as peers, except as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all privileges of peers as fully as the peers of Great Britain; the right and privilege of fitting in the house of lords, and the privileges depending thereon, and the right of fitting on the trial of peers only excepted.

ARTICLE FIFTH.

Churches of 'That it be the fifth article of union, that the cluireiir: Jrehndliiti of England and Ireland, as now by law established, be united into one; into one protestant episcopal church, to be called, "The

". united church of England and Ireland and that the

doctrine, worship, discipline and government of the salt united church shall be, and shall remain in full force for ever, as the same are now by law established for (he church of England; and that the continuance and preservation 0! the said united church, as the established church of England

ar.d

The Fortieth Year of George III. 45i>

and Ireland, shall he deemed and taken to be an essential A.D. and fundamental part of the union; and that in like man. tier il;e doflrine. worship, discipline and government of the church of Scotland shall remain, and be preserved as the

1 acatlu.ilto

fame are now established by law, and by the acts for the continu.-nsat union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland. uihlj. ‘

ARTICLE SIXTH.

That it be the fixih article of union, that his Majesty's subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after amtIr-ImJto the first day- of January, one thousand eight hundred and footin' from one, he entitled to the fame privileges, and be on the fame 1J1"-(So‘-footing as to encouragements and bounties on the like article?, being the growth, produce, or matuifacture of cither country respectively, and generally in respect of trade and navigation in all ports and places in the united kingdom and its dependencies; and that in all treaties made by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, v.rh ^ny foreign power, his Majesty's subjects of Ireland shall have the fame privileges, and be on the fame footing as his Majesty's subjects of Great Britain.

That from the first day of January, one thousand eight , Ju!J'ur J J J. . ° u>Mmty on

hundred and one, all prohibitions and bounties on the ex- j'-ntatiun <if port of articles- the growth, produce, or manufacture of cither country to the other, shall cease and determine; and tul!>cui!ici. lliat the f,iid articles shall thenceforth be exported from one country to the other, without duty or bounty on i'uch Clipart.

That all articles the growth, produce, or manufmflure of , Aila-urin

/ ‘ ' Uv|iriii!u-:cuf

citner country, (not hcrem-after enumerated as subject to ciUm-nmur)-

specific duties) shall from thenceforth be imported into each

country from the other free from duty, other than such

‘ cxcotit th.iK*

countervailing dniics on the several articles ciiumcrnted in i»fdiaiulc/. the schedule. No. I. A. and B. hereunto annexed, as are therein specified, or such other countervailing duties as shall hereafter be unposed by the parliament of the united kingdom in the manner hcicin-aficr provided; and that for dutiVs the period of twenty years from the union, the arlie'es enu- t.VpJdfur " merated in the schedule. No. II. hereunto annexed, shall >'CJ1S> be subject, on importation into each country from the other,

5 Y 2 to

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

to the duties specified in the said schalule, No.

II. And the woollen manufactures, known lay the names of old and new drapery, shall pay on importation into each country from the other the duties now payable on importation into Ireland.

Balt and hops, on importation into Ireland from Great

456

A.D. 1800.

'Chap. 38.

duty on woollen ma-

mifedture.

Duties on ‘fait, hups,

and into Britain, duties not exceeding those which are now paid on

Iiuiaud as at.

jprefcut. importation into Ireland-; and coals, on importation into Ireland from Great Britain, shall be subject to burthens not -exceeding those to which they are now (object.

Regulation That caliicoes and muslins shall, on their importation S&d cither country from the other. Be subject and liable' to muslins; the duties now payable on the fame, on the importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said day the said duties shall Ijte annually reduced by equal proportion# as near as may be in each year, so as that the said duties shall (land at ten per centum from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until the fifth day of January, one ulforeTpcfling thousand eight hundred and twenty-one; and that cotton audcotion" >'arn and cotton twist shall, on their importation info either Ml. country from the other, be subject and liable to the duties now payable upon the fame on the importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said day the said duties shall be annually reduced by equal proportions as near as may be in each year, so as that all duties shall cease on the said articles, from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

#rcdir«of That any articles of the growth, produce, or manufac-

either coun- - 0 1

try, subject to ture of either country, which a-re or may be subject to in-&an'oniiU-y’ ternal duty, or to duty on the materials of -which they are -«ccouny° composed, may be made subject, on their importation into besubjea to each country respectively from the other, to such countervailing duty as shall appear to be just and reasona'ble in rc-spect of such internal duty or duties on the materials, and that for the said purposes the articles specified in the said schedule, No. I. A. and B. shall be fuhje£l to the duties set fort-h therein, liable to be taken off, diminished, or encrcaf-5 cd

Countervail «.g duty, vtdt schedule 3, A and li.

The Fortieth Year of George III. ed in the manner herein specified, and that upon the export of the said articles from each country to the other reflectively, a drawback shall be given equal in amount to the countervailing duty payable on such articles on the import thereof into the fame country from the other, and that in like manner in future, it shall be competent to the united parliament to impose any new or additional countervailing duties, or to take off or diminish such existing countervailing duties as may appear on like principles to be just and reasonable, in respect of any future or additional internal duty on any article of the growth, produce, or manufacture of either country, or of any new or additional duty on any materials of which such article may be composed, or of any abatement of duty on the fame, and that when any such netv or additional countervailing duty shall be so imposed on the import of any article into eitiier country from the other, a drawback equal in amount to such countervailing duty shall be given in like manner on the export of every such article respectively from the same country to the other.

That all articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of cither country, when exported through the other, shall in all cases be exported subject to the fame charges, as if they had been exported directly from the country of which they were the growth, produce, or manufacture.

That all duty charged on the import of foreign or colonial goods into cither country, shall, on their export to the other, be either drawn back, or the amount (if any be retained) shall be placed to the credit of the country to which they shall be so exported, so long as the expenditure of the united kingdom shall be defrayed by proportional contributions; provided always, that nothing herein shall extend to take away any duty, bounty, or prohibition which exists with respect to-corn, meal, malt, flour, or biscuit, but that all duties, bounties, or prohibitions on the said articles may be regulated, varied or repealed from time to time as the united parliament shall deem expedient.

Same charges on produce of cither country exported through the other.

Regulation rrfpeifting duty on colonial or foreign produce 5

5 Z

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE No. I.

Of the articles to be charged with countervailing’ duties upon importation from Ireland iiito Great Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland tefpedlively, according to the sixth article of union.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES.

Beer.—For every barrel consisting of thirty-six gallons, Eng-hlh beer measure, of Irish beer, ale or mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain <lire£tly from Ireland, and so 'ii proportion for any greater of less quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof -

Bricks and TiLfes.—For every tho.ufand of triflt bricks For every thousand of Irish pl.iin tiles «.

For evei y thousand of !ri(h pan or ridge tiles For every hundred of Irish paving tiles, not exceeding ten inches square

For every hundred of Irish paVing tiles exceeding ten inches fqunre -

For every thousand of Irish tiles, other than such as are herein before enumerated and defeibed, by whaf(bcver name or names such tiles are or may be cailfed or known

CAsroi.r.s. For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish t J candles of t.iliow, and other Candles Whatsoever, (except 3 wax and spermaceti) -

Custorris.

Excise.

—' s —

- 4 £o

- 12 lO

- 2 J

- 4 Jo

- 4 'a

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain.

ARTICLES.

BEER.

For and upon every barrel containing thirty-two gallons imported from Great Britain

GLASS BOTTLES.

For and upon each reputed quart -

I LEATHER, unmanufactured.

For and upon each pound in every hide or (kin or piece of 1 any such hide or (kin, of what kind or denomination soeverL ' other chan such as are herein after mentioned and described For and upon each hide of horses, mares or geldings For and upon all skins called veal skins, and all skins of hogs, for every dozen ikius thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater nr less quantity For and upon all Chins for shoes and other like purposes, and all seal skins, for every dozen thereof, and after the fame [ rate for any greater or Itffs quantity

- o$

5 —

a O

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

sZi

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

ARTICLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish candles which may be made of wax or spermaccti, or which arc usually called or fold either for wax or spermaceti, notwithstanding the mixture of any other ingredient therewith

Chocolate- &c.—For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish cocoa, cocoa-pafle or chocolate

Cordage, viz.—To be used as handing rigging, or other cordage made from topt hemp, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight

Of any other fort, cable yarn, packthread, and twine, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight

Cyder and I’errv.-—For every hogshead con/jfting of sixty-three gallons English wine measure of Irish cyder and perry which shall be imported as merchandize or for saie, and which shall be sent or consigned to any factor or agent to sell or dispose of

Glass.—For every square foot superficial measure of Irjfh plate glass -

For every hundred weight of Irish flint enamel, stained palle 1 or phial glass -

Customs. Excite,

£. t. d.

- 35

- 2

4 io 3 4 4 4 T"" —

- ip 2

: - . *i 2 3 <S

B.

On Importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

For and upon nil skins for bookbinders use, for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or less quantity -

For and upon all goat Heins tanned with fhumnek or otherwise to resemble Spanish leather, and all Hicep /kins tanned for roans, being after the nature of Spanish leather, for every pound weight avoirdupois For and upon all (beep and lamb Ik ins tanned for gloves and bafils, for every pound weight avoirdupois, and so in pro* portion for any greater or less quantity

LEATHER dreJfed in Oil.

For and upon every hide and fkiu, and piece of such hide and (kin, other than such as. are herein after mentioned or described, for every pound weight avoirdupois - For and Upon all deer skins, goat skins and beaver /kins, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois For and upon all calf skins, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois -

For and upon all sheep and Iamb skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois

- 2

- 3

r Q

CT oi

JO

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

o\

o

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

A. On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES. Customs. Excise. S. On importation into Ireland frorii Great Britain. Articles.

Tor every hundred weight of Irish-spread window glass. £ * £ ' A VELLUM and PARCHMENT.

commonly called broad glass -for every hundred weight of Irish window glass (not being spread glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or krtown by the name of crown glass or German flteet glass - - - For every hundred Weight of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories and of garden glasses, and of all other vefleis or utensila of common bottle metal manufactured in Ireland, common bottles excepted For every hundred weight of any sort of species of Irish glass not herein before enumerated or described Bottles of'common green glass, the dozen quarts - 1 '1 1 1° i 1 III 1 1 1 II — 8 I 199 — 40* 2 2 For and upon every dozen fleins of vcllUm For and upon every dozen fkms of parchment LEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares. For and upon all tantied leather manufactured into goods and wares, whereof leather is the most valuable part, the following duties, viz. - - For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of tanned leather manufactured and actually made into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which lea- M 1 1 1 1

Hops.-—Fo.- every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish hops Leather, unmanufactured.—For every pound weight avoird’ipois of hides of what kind soever, and of calf skins, kips, hog skins, dog skins nnd fe.il skins, tanned in Ireland, and of cep tkins and lamb skins, so tanned for gloves and bnzils, which shall be imported in the whole hide or lk\n, and neither cut nor dimmlshed in any rcrpeCfc whatever - ,_>’.i ther makes the most valuable part - For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of tawed or dressed leather manufactured and actually made in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part - For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck and deer skins and elk skins dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather 1

«! only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part — — 3

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

SCI-IEDQLII No. I. continued.

P A. On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES. Customs. Exetfe. B. On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

For every dozen of goat skins, tanned in Ireland, to refom- £ ' a £ ! d. For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep £ ' d-

blc Spanish leather - - *""* and lamb skins dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods

For every dozen of sheep Heins, tanned in Inland, for roans, being after the nature of Spanish leather , — 2 3 and wares, in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part of

For every pound weight avoirdupois of alJ other hides or skins not herein before enumerated and described, and of all pieces and parts of hides or skins which shall be tanned in Ireland 6 For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, not herein-before enumerated or described, dressed In oil, and manufactured into goods and wares, in Great Britain* of leather only, or of which lea-

For all hides of horses, mares and geldings, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, for each and every such hide — i 6 ther makes the moll valuable part -PAPER.

For all hides of fleers, cows, or any other hides of what kind soever, (those of horses, mares and geldings excepted) which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or other, wife tawed in Ireland, for each and every such hide For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit dr proper, for, or that may be used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing or printing, or either of them, and all elephant paper,- and nil cartridge paper For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured paper, and whited brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge paper, fit or proper for the uses or purposes of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawi.ng, and printing, or either of them, and also except paper hangings -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all calf Heins, kips and veal skins, which rtmll be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, rr otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported into Great Eiirain in the whole skin, neither cut nor diminished in any respeel whatever - - i$

For every dozen of flink calf skins which shall be so. dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed with the hair S on in Ireland - . ___ 3 - -_t

I

O

oo

§ P

oi

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

o

ET (—4 CO

o o

I

4*

SCHEDULE No. I. continued*

A. On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES. ^ustoms. Excite.|ri. On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

Leather, unmanufactufed. £ ' d- £. s. d. PAPER. f. ti d.

For every dozen of flink calf skins which shall he so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed without hair in Ireland, and for every dozen of dog skins and kid skins, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper.fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capaole of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them - - - --65

For every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe skins which shall be dressed in allum and salt of meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole ikin, and neither cut nor diminished in any re* fpc£fc whatever For and Upon every one hundred weight of glazed paper for clothiers and hot-pressers, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - - For and upon every one hundred weight of paste-board, mill-board, and fealeboard, and so in proportion for any grea-

For every dozen of goat skins and beaver skins which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland r ter or less quantity - For and upon every pound weight of every fort or kind of paper, not herein before particularly enumerated or — IO *-

For every pound weight avoirdupois of sheep skins and lamb skins, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole ikin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever described, other than and except papers commonly called and known by the names of sheathing paper and button paper, or button board and paper hangings STAINED PAPER. — — act

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins not herein before enumerated and described, and of , j all pieces or parts of hides, or skins, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland For and upon every square yard of printed, painted, or {huned paper for hangings or other uses, and so in pro-| portion for any greater or Iclc quantity

The Fortieth Year of George III.

iSA

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

tj

c‘

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

ARTICLES

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck, deer, and elk /kins, which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland, and imported in the whole stein, and neither cut nor diminifiicd in any respect whatever For every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and Iamb skins which shall be d re fled in oil in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland.

For every dozen of Irish vellum

For every dozen of Irish parchment

Leather, manufactured into goods and wares,—For every pound weight avoirdupois of tanned leather manufactured, and actually made into goods or wares in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish made boots and shoes, and gloves, and other manufactures made of tawed or dressed leather 1

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck and deer skins, and elk skins dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and lamb skins dressed in oil, az?d manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland

Customs. Excise. b. On importation into Ireland from Great Britain, ARTICLES.

£ i- d. £ d. For and upon every pound weight- avoirdupois of books bound or unbound, and, of maps or prints whichi shall - be 1 imported into Ireland from Great Britain CARDS. For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards £ x. d.

______- — ~ a . made or manufactured in Great Britain And a further duty of aid. per pound weight. — i S

- 3 Si DICE.

- x Si For and upon every pair of dice made or manufactured iri Great Britain -WROUGHT PLATE. For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or silver plate —; 10 —

which shall be wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported into Ireland 6

|. 3 Silk Manufacture—For and upon all (ilks being of the manufacture of Great Britain and imported directly from thence, the following duties, viz.

9

co *r o

? a

4*

o\

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

On importation into Great Britain froni Ireland. ARTICLES.

Leather, manufactured into goods and wares.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins not herein before enumerated or described, dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland Mead or Metheglin.—For every gallon English wine measure of Irish mead or metheglin.'

Paper.—For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, of applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and of all Irish elephant papers and cartridge papers -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish coloured papers, and whited brown papers (other than and except elephant and cartridge papers) fit and proper for the use andpurpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the purpofos of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish brown paper fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the uses mid purpose a of writing, drawing 5* and printing, or either of then,

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain'.

articles.

SILK MANUFACTURE.

For and upott all ribbons and stuffs of silk only, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces

|For and upon all silk and ribbons of silk mixed with gold or silver, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces -

For and upon all silk {lockings, silk gloved, filfc fringe, silk laces, Hitching and sewing silk, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces For and upon all manufactures of silk not otherwise enumerated or described, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces 'or and upon all stuffs of silk and grogram yarn, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all stuffs of silk mixed with incleor cotton, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces - j

For and upon all Huffs of silk and worftod mixed, the pound ' weight containing sixteen ounces - - j

For and upon all Huffs of silk mixed with any other material, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces. ~ i

s: J. 2 .1

29

3

- 1 8 — 6

—9

- 4

__ e

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

'XX -i , K

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

ARTICLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of Irish paper not herein-before enumerated or described, Hie,idling and button-paper and button-board txcept d.

For every one hundred weight of Ivilh paflc-board* millboard and scale board

For every one hundred Weightof Irish glazed papers for cld-o* thiersand hot prefiers

gg For every pound weight avoirdupois of books botirid or unbound, and of maps or prints which shall be imported into Great Britain difc&Iy from Ireland

Prjkted Goons.—For every yard square of Irish printed, painted or ltained papers to serve for hangings or other uses -

For every yard in length reckoning yard-wide of foreign callicoes and foreign rhuflins, which shall be printed, painted, (tained or d.ed in Ireland (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one co.our) over and above any duty of customs payable on the importation of foreign callicoes and muslins -

B.

- On importation into Ireland From Great Britain.

Customs. Excise. ARTICLES.

£ ' d. £ ' d. Spirits.—For and upon every gallon of spirits being of the manufacture of Great Britain and imported from tlicncc a duty cf

- 1 1 Cv O 1 Cv Sugar.—Refined, of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported direCUy from thence, the following duties* viz. -

—" — 2 For and upon ail sugar called baRards, white or ground the hundred weight containing 112 pounds For and upon all sugar called lumps, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds - - 1

i3 For and upon all sugar called tingle loaf sugar, the hundred weight containing 1 i 2 pounds ... For and upon all sugar called powder loaf and double loaf, the hundred weight containing 1 2 pounds

- mmm For and upon all sugar called sugar candy, brown, the hundred weight containing til pounds

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

SCHEDULE l4o. i. continued;

A.B.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. On importation into Ireland from Great Britain.

ARTICLES. Customs. Exctfe. ARTICLES.

Printed Goobs. For every yard in length reckoning yard wide of all Irish printed, painted, Rained or dyej Irish made calticoes, nmflins, linens and stuffs made either of cotton or linen inixccl with other materials, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities and other figured stuffs made of.cotton and other materials, mixed or wholly made of cotton wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only) For every yard in- length reckoning yard wide of all Irish printed. Rained; painted or dyed Irish made (tuff's not before enumerated or described, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only) and except ftufls made of woollen, or whereof the greatest part in value Avail be woollen - £. >. i. £ <1- 34 3? Sugar. For and upon all sugar called sugar candy, white, die hundred weight containing 112 pounds For and upon all sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds Sheets.—For and upon every barrel containing thirty, two gallons wine measure of British sweets or other British liquor made by infusion, fermentation or otherwise from fitiit or funar, or from fruit and sugar mixed with any other material or ingredients whatsoever, commonly called sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of made wines - £. s. i. 2 2 4 2 4 4 — TO —

For every yard in length reckoning half yard wide of all Irish printed. Rained, painted or dyed fdks ((ilk handkerchiefs excepted) over and above any duty of cuilomt payable oil the importation of silk «_, — i 1 i For and Upon every gallon of mead or metheglin - For and upon every barrel Containing thirty two gallons of vinegar - — 3 —

Fot every yard square ol liifh printed, (lamed, painted or Uycd silk h hi ,> to m prc>nor.i. n for wide nr -s U'T,ow <d<h.o.iX» chiefs, over and above every duiv of f. w.lvama payable tV.k. 1 __ <* Tobacco and Snuff*——For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of unm»nu|.idurc(l' tr»lwic> «* of the jjrowtH or produce of Or;- it Britain, over and above any duty of customs now payable_y

The Fortieth Year of George III.

6 B 2

SCHEDULE No. I.

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

ARTICLES.

Customs.

Excise.

Salt.-—For every buflicl confiding of fifty six pounds weight av irdupots of Irish salt or Irish glauber or Irish cpfom salt -

For every bufitel confiding of sixty-five pounds weight avoirdupois of Irish rock salt

d.'£. x.

- IQ

- io

Silk.—Manufactures of ribbons and {luffs of silk only, the pound containing sixteen ounces -

Note.—Two thirds of the weight of gauze and one-third of the Weight of crape is to be dcduCled for gum and dress.

Silk and ribbons of silk mixed with gold or Giver, the pound containing sixtern ounces -

Silk dockings, silk gloves, silk fringe, silk laces, ditching or sewing silk, the pound containing sixteen ounces Silk, manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or deferred, the pound containing sixteen ounces Stuffs of silk and grogram yarn, the pound containing sixteen ounces

Stuffs of silk mixed with inkle or cotton, the pound contain-o' ing sixteen ounce*.

S

6 8-----.

3 —

continued.

E. On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICIKS.

d. For artd Upon every pound -weight of British manufactured short cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what £ ' d.

- K commonly called and known by the name of Spntiifli For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured — i o, V

lhag tobacco, cut For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured — IT

roll tobacco ... For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured I O,*

carrot tobacco ... For and upon every pound weight of every other fort of British'manufactured tobacco not herein before enumerated II

or described -. or and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of British mu. I

nufactured rappee snuff For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured a— ic i

snuff, called Scotch fnuiF For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured — I A

- fuui£ called brown Scotch fnu/T 9i

I

cc

o'O

M

21&# Fortieth Year of George III.

Schedule No. i. continued'.

A.

D.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES.

Customs,

Excise.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

Silk. £. s. </. £. /. d.

Stuffs of silk and worsted, the pound containing sixteen ounces

Stuff* of silk mixed with any other material, the pound containing sixteen ounces - i 3

Soap—For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish hard cake or ball soap -

For every pound weight of IriflV Tuft soap -

Tobacco and SNurF.

For and upon every pound weight of liritifii manufactured {talk flower

For and upon every pound weight of every other fort or Vind of Britishi manufactured snuff or fnuflf work not herein before enumerated or described -

£. *. a.

- i 3

- 14

Spirits', British.—^For every gallon EugUfii wirte mclfuri ot spirits, aqua vit*, or Itrong water.s, which shall Be distilled or made in Ireland, and imported at a {Length not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof

Note—Spirits above the llrcngth of one to ten will be charged in prop, nion, and on sweetened or compounded fp.rirs the duty will be computed upon the highlit degree of llrcngth at which such fpi: its can be m.idel

Staxcii.—'For every pound weight of Irish (larch or hair l>owner of what kind ioever

3

Ok

*5-

Ok*

o

a>

o

SCHEDULE No. J. continued.

X<

A.

On importation into Great Britain, from Ireland.

AR

Sugars,-—refined, v\z. the hundred weight

TfCLES.

called halbards, whole or ground,

Customs.

£ J. </* —,182

J.umps, the hundred weight

Single loaf, the hundred weight -

I’owder loaf, and double loaf, the hundred weight cs Sugar candy, brown, the hundred weight D S ugar candy, white, the hundred weight

Sugar, refined, of any other fort, the hundred weight

I 4 qi

I <6 4

! ’91

I >4 o.,

I. ‘9 1

I >91

Sweets.—For every barrel confiding of thirty-one gallons and a half, English wine measure, of Jriih sweets of other irish liquor made by infusion, fermentation, or otj/erwife, from fruit or fuga'r, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other materials or ingredients, sybarfocYcr, commonly called fwccts, or called or distinguislieil by die name of made wines -

Tobacco and Snuff.—For every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco, of the growth or pro. duce of Ireland, over and above any duty of customs

<T>

o

09

a>

J>

f Q

t

° rt /oo P P

L oo

o\

vo

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

On importation, into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES.

Tobacco-asp Snuee.

Fir every pound, weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured ftiort cut iobaccn, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanish For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured *fiiag to&accb - For every pound* weight avoirdupois of Ivifii manufactured roll tobacco - - z

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured carrot tobacco

For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other fort of Irifri manufactured tobacco* not herein beiore enumerated ordeferibed -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured rappee fntiff

For every pound weigh* avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Seo.tch snuff

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured . brown Scotch (huff- .

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured tobacco (talk flour For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other fort or ^ hind of Trifli mnmifjAured Cnuff, or fnufiwork not herein|* beforrf ».-mnv:r.it*:d ur cUrfmbvcJ

Cuflnjps.

Excise.

r.

4 4=

I iol i 3-i t P

7© . The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE Ko L continual.

A. I

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland-

A P.TIC L Ii S. I Customs.

Tobacco, unmanuf afiuied, the pound - - j — -— (

Vniifi-:—For ever;.’ hogfKer.d confiding of fi-ay-three

gallons, Kngliih wine measure, of Irish fetjuioe -___

1 i:<r-‘ a ___For every barrel confifliou; of thirty-four gallons, j

i agii.h beer mcnlure, of I rift) vinegar -

Wiki.— For every ounce troy weight of Irish gilt wire -

}\ir every ounce troy of Irish fdver wire -

For every pound weight of avoirdupois of Infia gold i

tbrc.ul, g"i«l lace, or gold fringe, made of wire I

span upon lilk ——

For every pound weight -avoirdupois of frith fiber thread, (

Inver iaco or fiber fringe, - made of plate wife fpiln u non fill: - " - 1--.

E'tcife.

£.

i

i

- 7 8 j

- 12 83

I

z z f

- 7 S

i

- 59

1

n

' ? a

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

The Fortieth Year of George HE.

'--SCHEDULE,' No. If.

(Of the articles charged- with the duties specified upot ' importation- into Great Britain and Ireland, respectively, - according to t!ie Jizth-articie of union,

'Apparel Brass, wrought: Cabinet-ware

Coaches and other carriages ’ Copper, wrought

Cottons,-other than callicoes and.muslinsGlass

: Haberdashery

Hats

Tin plates, wrought iron and hardware -

Gold and fiber lace, gold and silver thread, bullion for lace, pearl and spangles ‘

: Millinery -"Paper stained Paper stained

Pottery

Sadlery and other; manufacturcrMcatber Silk manufacture ".Stockings

:47s .A.D.

1800.

: Chap. 38.

Ten pounds per cent; on the true value.

Tie'Fortieth Year of George III.

ARTICLE SEVENTH.

That it be the seventh article of union that the ciiarge Charts

rt'.tri* for debt*

enfing from the payment or the intereic and’ the sinking curredby

fund for the reduction of the principal of the debt incurred

in cither kingdom before the union llnll continue to be fe- ""l?"'

° . be leparatcljr

jaarately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively, dcihpL except as herein after provided.

That for the-space of twenty years after the union shall For*»

r , years the

take place, the contribution of Great Britain and Ireland re- contribution ' spectively towards the expenditure of the united kingdom in ^aiitreof each year shall be defrayed in the proportion of fifteen parts for Great Britain-and two parts for Ireland; that at the ex-baas i;to *, piration of the said twenty years the -future expenditure of thepropor-the united kingdom, (other than the interest and-charges of the debt to which cither country shall be separately liable,) *»-«'"

llnll be defrayed in such proportion as the parliament of the united kingdom shall deem just and reasonable, upon a companion of the real value of the exports and imports of the respective countries upon an average of the three years next preceding the period of revilion, or on a companion of the value of the quantities of the following articles con fumed within the respesftrve countries on a similar a-Vcrage, viz. beer, spirits, sugar, wine, tea, tobacco and malt, or according to the aggregate proportion resulting from'both these consideralions combined, or on a eomparifon of the amount of income in each country estimated from the produce for the fame period of a general tax, if such shall have been im-I’Ctfed on the fame descriptions of income in both countries nrd that the parliament of the united-kingdom shall afterwards proceed in like manner to revise and fix the said pro- i

I'or'inns according to the same rules or any of them at pc-;:cnot more distant than twenty years, nor less than few n 'Mrs from each other, unless previous to any such period ;:r parliament'of the united kingdom shall have declared as itiTr.i: after provided that the expenditure of the united h i; tom shall be defrayed indifcriininately by equal taxes im-os: the like articles in both countries.

That for the defraying the said expenditure, according o, nice rules above laid down," the revenues of Ireland shall shall hr a

_r , , eiufolidntal

VfM-. XX, 6D nercaster fluid, appli-

A: D.

1800. Chap. -8.

47 4

A.D. 1800.Chap. 38.

sable to Inter* e fi.iklnjj zfum! and expenditureof united king-

'voarlicle in Ireland shall hereafter

more high* - ly taxed than in England.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

hereafter constitute a consolidated fund which shall tie chargeddn the first instance with the interest of the debt of Ireland, and with the sinking fund applicable to the reduction of the said debt, and the remainder shall be applied towards defraying the proportion of the united kingdom to which Ireland may be liable in each year.

That the proportion of contribution to which Great Britain and Ireland will be liable, shall be raised by such taxes in each country respectively as the parliament of the united kingdom shall from time to time deem fit, provided always that in regulating the taxes in each country, by which their tefpcflive proportion* shall be levied, no article in Ireland shall ’be made liable to any new er additional duty by which the whole amount of duty payable thereon would exceed the amount which will be thereafter payable in England on the like article.

'Application That if at the end of any year any furplos shall accrue the revalues from the revenues of Ireland after defraying the interest, *i hehnA -sinking fund, and proportional contribution and separate charges to which the said country shall then be liable, taxes shall be taken oft’ to the amount of such surplus, or the furpltls shall be applied by the parliament of the united kingdom to local purposes in Ireland, or to make good any deficiency which may arise in the revenues of Ireland in time of peace, or be inverted by the commissioners of the national debt of Ireland in the funds, to accumulate for the benefit of Ireland at compound interest, in case of the contribution of Ireland in time of war: provided that the surplus so to accumulate shall at no future period be suffered to exceed the sum of five millions.

Alimonies That all monies to be raised after the union by loan in

rautd after

theunion peace or war for the service of the united kingdom by the *Ucbl,be a^omt parliament thereof shall be conficlered to be a joint debt, and the charges thereof shall be borne by the respective What shall countries in the proportion of their respective contributions^ ^grater tn provided that if at any time in railing their respective con-Hbc raJcd tr'kutions hereby fixed for each country, the parliament of or let aparj the united kingdom shall judge it fit to raise a greater pro-than hi the ' portion of such respective contributions in dne country other. within the year than in the other, or to set apart a greater proportion of sinking fund for the liquidation of the whole,

475

A.D. 1800.

Ch,r.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or any part of the loan raised on account of the one country '.nan of that raised on account of the other country, then fuel) part of the said loan, for the liquidation of which different provisions shall have been made for the relpcflive countries shall be kept distinti, and shall be borne by each fsparately, and only that part of the said i.>an be deemed joint and common, for the rednflion of which the respect;ive countries shall have made provision in the proportion of their respective contributions.

That if at any future day the separate debt of each ly-vn country respectively shall have been liquidated, or if the va- llCr;.:!: lues of their respective debts (estimated according to the '

amount of the interest and annuities attending the fur--, y; '; and of the sinking fund applicable to the reduction there'’ and to the period tvilhin which the whole capital of such a,.fcV.,t debt shall appear to be redeemable by such finkinrr fund) ic<*

11 4_t '* cuiai* exemp-

shall be to each other in the fame proportion with the re- ti. ms i.i Ire.

] rid rind inland.

speflive contributions of each country respectively, or if the amount by which the value of the larger of such debts shall vary from such proportion shall not exceed one hundredth part of the said value, and if it shall appear to the parliament of the united kingdom that the respective circum-ilances of the two countries will thenceforth admit of their contributing indiferinainatcly by equal taxes imposed on the fame articles in each to the future expenditure of the united kingdom, it shall be competent to the parliament of the united kingdom to declare that all future expence thenceforth to be incurred, together with the ir.terefl and charges of all joint debts contracted previous to such declaration, shall be so defrayed indifcriniinately by equal taxes imposed on the fame articles in each country, and thenceforth from time to time ascircumstances may require to impose and apply such taxes accordingly, subject only to such particular exemptions or abatements in Ireland, and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as circumstances may appear from time to time to demand.

That from the period of such declaration, it shall no , Afurfin*

declaration,

longer be necessary to regulate the contribution of the two ill.* will be countries towards the future expenditure of the united king- pri,p., Viion ot dom, according to any specific proportion, or according to any of the rules herein before prescribed, provided never- imerci1. ana 6 D 2 tbcless

47s.

A.D. 1800.

\ boo. Chap. 3S.

Ikhll

in:

fcparaJeiy.

Premiums for agriculture, manu-f.iduu's, and

jiinsig mu-pole* Hull be coiuir.uul 2'> yea's in irc->n,l.

Application ‘ ‘oi revenue mibog from Territorial

tlepnuieiK'ieb.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

thclcls tli.at the mterefl or charges which may remain on account of -any part of the fop?rate debt with which either country-flinll be chargeable, and which shall not be lirpi-dated or confiiidaied proportionablyas above, finll until extingui fried continue to be defrayed by fcpar.itc taxes in each country.

That a sum not less than the sum which has been'grantee by the parliament of Ireland, on the average of six years immediately preceding the first day of January, in the year one tiioufancl eight hundred,: in premiums for the"internal encouragement of agriculture or manufactures, or for the 'maintaining institutions for pious and charitable purposes, Ttiall be applied for the period of twenty years after the union to such local purposes in'Ireland, in'such manner as the parliament of the united kingdom shall direct.

'That from and after the first day of January, one tlimi-sand eight hundred and one, all public revenue arising to the united kingdom fiomthe territorial dependencies thereof, and applied-to the general expenditure of the united kingdom, shall be so applied’ in the propoilions of the respective contributions of the two countries.

ARTICLE EIGHTH.

AH civil

and vccldinf-tical laws ami com ts shall rvmuin as iu»\v tttablished, I'libjfft to future alterations}

writs of cr-j or ami appeals dvciiL'd l»y lords of united kingdom}

court of admiralty in Ireland, with appeal to chanctry in Ireland} all contrary laws repealed.

That it be the eighth article of union, that all laws iu force at the time of the union, and all the courts of civil and ecclesiastical jurisdiction within the respective kingdoms, shall remain as now by law established within the same, subject only to such alterations and regulations from time to time as circurnstances may appear to the parliament of the united kingdom to require; provided that all writs of error and appeals depending at the time of the union, or hereafter to be brought, anil which might now be finally decided hv the house of lords of either kingdom, shall from and asur the union be finally decided by the house of lords of tie united kingdom, and provided that from and after the union there shall remain in Ireland an instance court of admiraitv for the determination of causes civil and maritime only, and that the appeal from sentences of the said court shall b; to his Majesty's delegates in his court of chancery in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland: and that all laws ;U

p rcfi.it!

The Fortieth Year of George III. 477

jj.'dl’nt in force in cither kingdom, which shall be contrary

A.D. 1800.

10 any of the provisions which may be enacted by any act for carrying thcfc articles into effect, be from and after the-union repealed.

Ant! whereas the said articles having by address of there- , S:nJ arll~

cle* W€rc ap-

spective houses of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland proved of by been humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty has been 1,11

araciously pleased to approve the fame, and to recommend it phis two houses of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland, to ennfider of such measures as may be necessary for giving cited to the said articles: In order therefore to give full effect and validity to the fame, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefen t parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said foregoing recited articles, each and every ' ne of them, according to the true intent and tenor thereof, fata article* he ratified, confirmed and approved, and be, and they are d«uTcdml.e I'crt'k'/ declared to be, the articles of the union of Great

the union,

britiin and Ireland, and the fame- shall be in force and have and in force '.feci for ever, from the first day of January, which shall mt'iLy""' he in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and '*" itic: provided that before that period an act.shall have been passed by the parliament of Great Britain for carrying into efiidl, in the like manner, the said foregoing recited articles.

II. And whereas a bill, entitled, An Act to regulate the iireimi.->f "vJe by which the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons aiiiil^idt U '«, J'erve in the parliament of the united kingdom on the part Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said parliament,

L.s passed the two houses. of the parliament of this kingdom, the tenor whereof is as follows: " An Act to regu-" Lie the mode by which the lords spiritual and temporal, mul the commons to serve in the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said parliament Whereas it is ciVif'uin'l-i, syu-d by the fourth article of union, that four lords spiri-toil of Ireland, by rotation of sessions, and twenty-eight temporal, and Mills temporal of Ireland, deified for life by the peers of Cre°arcto Ireland, shall be the number to fit and vote on the part of Inland in the house of lords of the parliament of the united iiviaiiii m t!ic

»T r . imperial par-

vol. XX. 6 B kingdom, foment!

47 8 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

i Coo. Chap. 38,

how the lords spiritual shall he ic-turned for each fiflion, Jii rotation.

kingdom, and one hundred commoners, (two for each county of Ireland, two for the city of Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable cities, towns, and boroughs,) be the number to fit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said four lords spiritual shall, be taken from among the lords spiritual of Ireland in the manner following, that is to say, that one of the four archbishops of Ireland, and three of the eighteen bishops of Ireland, shall fit in the house of lords of the united parliament in each session thereof, the said right of fitting being regulated as between the said archbishops respectively by a rotation among the archiepifco-pal fees from session to session, and in like manner that of the bishops by a like rotation among the episcopal fees; that the primate of all Ireland for the time being shall fit in the

first session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the archbishop of Dublin, for the time being, in the second; the archbishop of Calhel, for the time being, in the third;

the archbishop of Tuam, for the time being, in the fourth,

and so by rotation of fefliotts for ever; such rotation to proceed regularly and without interruption from fefiirm to session, notwithstanding any dissolution or expiration of parliament; that three suffragan bishops shall in like manner fit according to rotation of their fees, from session to session, in the following order; the lord bishop of Meath, the lord bishop of Kildare, the lord bishop of Derry, in the first session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Raphoe, the lord bishop of Limerick, Ardfert and Aghadoe, the lord bishop of Dromore, in the second session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Elphin, the lord bishop of Down and Connor, the lord bishop of Waterford and Lismore, in the third session of the parliament of the united.kingdom; the lord bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, the lord bishop of Cloyne, the lord bishop of Cork and Ross, in the fourth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Killaloe 7 and

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and Kilfenora, the lord bishop of Kilmore, the lord bishop of Clogher, in the fifth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Oflory, the lord bishop of Killala and Achonry, the lord bishop of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh, in the sixth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the said rotation to be nevertheless subject to such variation therefrom, from time to time, as is herein after provided: that the said twenty-eight lords temporal shall be chosen by all the temporal peers of Ireland in the manner herein after provided; that each of the said lords temporal so chosen shall be entitled to fit in the house of lords of the parliament of the united kingdom during his life, and in case of his death, or forfeiture of any of the said lords temporal, the temporal peers of Ireland thall, in the manner herein after provided, choose another peer out of their own number to supply the place so vacant.

III. And be it enacted, That of the one hundred commoners to fit on the part of Ireland in the united parliament, fix'ty-four shall he chosen for the counties, and thirty-six for the following cities and boroughs, videlicet, for each county of Ireland, two; for the city of Dublin, two; for the city of Cork, two; for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, one; for the city of Waterford, one; for the city of Limerick, one; for the borough of Belfast, one; for the county and town of Drogheda, one; for the county and town of Carrickfergus, one; for the borough of Newry, one-, for the city of Kilkenny, one; for the city of Londonderry, one; for the town of Galway, one; for the borough of Clonmel, one; for the town of Wexford, one; for the town of Youghal, one; for the town of Bandonbridge, one; for the borough of Armagh, one; for the borough of Dundalk, one; for the town of Kinfalc, one; for the borough of Lisburne, one; for the borough of Sligo, one; for the borough of Catherlough, one; for the borough of Ennis, one; for the borough of Dungarvan, one; for the borough of Downpatrick, one; for the borough of Coleraine, one; for the town of Mallow, one; for the borough of Ath-lone, one; for the town of New-Ross, one; for the bo-> rough of Tralee, one; for the city of Cafhel, one; for the borough of Dungannon, one; for the borough of Portar-lington, one; for the borough of Enniskillen, one.

6 E 2

The 28 lord* temporal shall be chosen for life in manner herein directed; and in cases of death or forfeiture, others shall be chosen.

64 commoners for counties, and 36 for cities and boroughs.

IV.

480 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1V. And be it enacted, That in case of the summoning of

Ch^00'8 a nCW Par*'ament) or f’ne ^eat of any of t!ic salt* commoners shall become vacant by death or otherwise, then the said randeshap.' count>esi cities, or boroughs,or any of them, as the case may be, run iii r«a shall proceed to a new election; and that all the other towns, tks,i>rbi>- cities, corporations, or boroughs, other than the aforesaid, X'-tWM cease to cleft representatives to serve in parliament;

!>ikI and no meeting shall at any time hereafter be fumrooned, town3, &c. called, convened or held for the purpose of electing any per-Jcci'(mVk fen or persons to serve or aft, or be considered as represen-titliwwifrpro tat've or representatives of any other place, town, city, cor-ii-j-.d); poration or borough, other than the aforesaid, or as representative or representatives of the freemen, freeholders, house-holders or inhabitants thereof, either in the parliament of the united kingdom or elsewhere (unless it shall hereafter be otherwise provided by the parliament of the united kingdom) and every person summoning, calling, or holding any such meeting or assembly, or taking any part in any such election or pretended election, shall, being thereof duly convicted, incur and suffer the pains and penalties ordained and provided by the ilatute of provision and praemunire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of Richard the second.

V; For the due election of the persons to be chosen to fit in the respective houses of the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland; be it enacted, That on the On the day day following that on which the act for establishing the roj'ai'airt union shall have, received the royal assent, the primate of all prlmatT'ii- Ireland, the lord bishop of Mealn, the lord bifltop of Kildare, al^1' *;'le rC* Dcrry’ he, and they are hereby

dare, hi Dcr- declared to b.e the representatives of the lords spiritual of Ire-presentaiives" land in the parliament of the united kingdom for the first forfirtirdhuii; session thereof; and that the tcmuoral peers of Ireland (liaii

on fame day 1

at ti o’clock, assemble at twelve of the clock on the fame day as aforesaid, in the now accustomed place of meeting of the liottfe of lords cleft 28 |i«b of Ireland, and shall- then and there proceed to elect twenty-

111 maimer ’

urrcio diroft- eight lords temporal to represent the peerage of Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom in the following maa-ner, that is to say, the names of the peers shall be called over according to their rank, by the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, who shall then and, there attend for that purpose,

and

The Fortieth Year of George III. 481

and each of the said peers who previous to the said day, and A.D. in the present parliament, shall have actually taken his feat '800. in the House of lords of Ireland, and who shall there have taken the oaths, and signed the declaration, which arc or shall be by law' required to be taken and signed by the lords of the parliament of Ireland, before they can fit and vote in the parliament thereof, (lnlj, when his ntfme is called, deliver, either by himself or by his proxy, (the name of such proxy having been -previously entered in the books of the house of lords of Ireland, according to the present forms and usages thereof,), to the clerk of the crown or his deputy, (who shall then and there attend for that purpose), a list of twenty-eight of the temporal peers of Ireland, and the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, shall then and there publicly read the said lifts, and shall then and there cast up the said lifts, and publicly declare the names of the twenty-eight loids who shall be chosen by the majority of votes in the said lifts, and shall make a return of the said names to the house of lords of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and the twenty-eight lords so chosen by the majority

of votes in the said lifts shall, during their respective lives, fit as representatives of the peers of Ireland, in the house of lords of the united kingdom, and be entitled to receive writs of fuminons to that and every succceding parliament; and in case a complete election shall not be made of the whole number of twenty-eight peers, by reason of an equality of votes, the clerk of the crown shall return such number in favour of whom a complete elefiion shall have been made in one lift, and in a second lift shall return the names of those peers who shall have an equality of votes, but in favour of whom, by reason of such equality, a complete elefiion shall not have been made; and the names of the peers in the second lift for whom an equal number of votes shall have been so given, shall be written on pieces of paper cf afimihr form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, at the tabic of the house of lords thereof, whilst the house is fitting, and the peer whose name shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliament, shall be deemed the peer defied, and so fuc-ccflively as often as the case may require; and whenever the feat of any of the twenty-eight lords temporal so defied, Vol. XX. 6 F shall

u-hat shall be done where the number of votes h2ji-pens to be equal;

ho.v fears vacated by dca'h or forfcitnic

of any nfth?

48 it

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800. Chap, f,b'.

25 peers shall be filled.

Notices to be jtiiblished in the London ami Dublin gaieties;

shall be vacated by' decease or forfeiture, the chancellor, the keeper, or commissioners of the great seal of the united kingdom, for the time being, upon receiving a certificate under the hand and seal of any two lords temporal, of the parliament of the united kingdom, certifying the decease of such peer, or on view of the record of attainder of such peer, shall direct a writ to be issued under the great seal of the united kingdom, to the chancellor, the keeper, or commissioners of the great seal of Ireland, for the time being, directing hint or them to cause writs to be issued by the clerk of the crown in Ireland, to every temporal peer of Ireland, who shall have fat and voted in the house of lords of Ireland before the union, or whose right to fit and vote therein, or lo vote at such elections, shall on claim made in his behalf, have been admitted by the house of lords of Ireland, before the union, or after the union, by the house of lords of the united kingdom; and notice shall forthwith be published by the said clerk of the crown, in the London and Dublin Gazettes, of tiic issuing of such writs, and of the names and titles of all the peers to whom the f.nnc arc directed, and lo the said writs there shall be annexed a form of return thereof, in which a blank shall be left for the name of the peer to be cledled, and the said writs thali enjoin each peer within fifty-two days from the tefl of the writ to return the fame into the crown office of Ireland, with the blank filled up by inserting the name of the peer for whom lie llnll vote as the peer to succeed to the vacancy made by demile or forfeiture, as aforesaid, and the said writs and returns shall be bipartite, so as that the name of the peer to be ciiofcn shall be written twice, that is once on each put of such writ and return, and so as that each part may also be Tubscribed by the peer to whom the same shall be directed, and likewise be sealed with his seal of arms, and one part of the said writs and returns so filled up, subscribed and sealed as above, shall remain of record in the crown office of Ireland, and the other part shall be certified by the clerk of the crown to the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, and no peer of Ireland, except such as shall have been deck'd as representative peers on the part of Ireland in the house oi lords of the united kingdom, and shall there have taken the oaths and figr.cd the declaration prescribed by law, (ha I,

The Fortieth Year of Georgtf III- 4S3

under pain of suffering such punishment as the house of lords

A.D. 1800.

of the united kingdom may award and adjudge, make a rc- >2oo.

tatn to such writ, unless he shall after the issuing thereof,

and before the day on which the writ is returnable, hive t,i- <m,ls,olli

Uk'" all* "5"

ken the oatiis, and signed the declaration, which arc, or o.uat;

(tall be by law required to be taken and signed by the lords of the united kingdom, before they can (it and vote in the parliament thereof, which oaths and declarations shall be cither taken and subscribed in the court of chancery of Ireland, or before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, a certificate Ouaicatr 10 whereof signed by such justices of the peace, or by the re- hetranseittoi yfler of the said court of chancery, shall be transmitted by such peer, with the return, and shall be annexed to that part thereof, remaining of record in the crown office of Ireland; and the clerk of the crown shall forthwith after Cmkot' the return day of the writs, cause to be published in the" 1,uf,.' London and Dublin gazettes, a notice of the name of the person chosen by the majority of votes, and the peer so the nameuf ciiofen, shall during his life be one of the peers to fit and cimfc, Sx. vote on the part of Ireland in the house of lords of the united kingdom; and in case the votes shall he equal, the names of such persons who have an equal number of votes (Ml t« in their favour, shall be written on pieces of paper of a tutoarc limil ir form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerk of the C1'1'11' parliament of the united kingdom, at the tabic of the house cf lord1- whilst the house is fitting, and the peer whose name shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliament shall be deemed the peer elected.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any lord spiritual wtima being a temporal peer of the united kingdom, or being a t,-,',-’ temporal peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, shall be chosen by the lords temporal to be one of the ..»? of tin- r.--representativesof the lords temporal, in every such case during ilf'ibc'ioi'iV the life of such spiritual peer, being a temporal peer of the ^a,ive^ united kingdom, or being a temporal peer of that part of tile ut the lonL united kingdom called Ireland, so chosen to represent the lords spirlual, the rotation of representation of the spiritual lords, shall proceed to the next spiritual lord without regard to such spiritual lord so chosen a temporal peer, that is to say, if such spiritual lord shall be an archbishop, then the 6 F 2 rotation

484 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

rotation shall proceed to the archbishop whose fee is next ia 1800. rotation} and if such spiritual lord shall be a suffragan bishop, then the rotation shall proceed to the suffragan bi(l.of whose fee is next in rotation.

VII. And whereas by the said fourth article of union, it is agreed, that if his Majesty shall, on or before the Srtf day of January next, declare under the great seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain should be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, then the lord? and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Honor be- Great Britain; be it enacted for and in that case only, That l^e present members of the thirty-two counties of Ireland, jeftj- Mwes anc[ t[)e lwo members for the city of Dublin, and the two

that the pic-_1 ’

fmi lords nnj members for the city of Cork, shall be, and they are hereby STL" declared to be by virtue of this act, members for the said bVsofbotli' count’es anf! cities in the first parliament of the united king-f"r dom, and that on a day and hour to be appointed by his present mcm- Majesty under the great seal of Ireland, previous to the SamUb" day of January, one thousand eight hundred and

Corse'ViaU one> l'le memhers then serving for the college of the holy be members trinity of Dublin, and for each of the following cities or 'i'afpariia?'" boroughs, that is to say, the city of Waterford, city of ~ Limerick, borough of Belfast, county and town of Drogheda, when mem- county and town of Carrickfergus, borough of Nevrry, city nitpcollege, Kilkenny, city of Londonderry, town of Galway, borough anU for the of Clonmel, town of Wexford, town of Youshal, town of

cities and u

boroughs Bandon Bridge, borough of Armagh, borough of Dundalk, lhaVbe'retl town of Kinfalc, borough of Lisburn, borough of Sligo, turned. borough of Catherlough, borough of Ennis, borough of Dungarvan, borough of Downpatrick, borough of Coleraine, town of Mallow, borough of Athlone, town of Netv-Ross, borough of Tralee, city of Cafhel, borough of Dungannon, borough of Portat lington, and borough of Enniskillen, or any five or more of them, shall meet in the now tifual place of meeting of the house of commons of Ireland, and the names of the members then serving for the said places and boroughs, shall be written on separate pieces of paper,

and

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

'ib-J the said papers being folded up, shall be placed in a "lafs or glades, and shall successively be drawn thereout by [he clerk of ihc crown or his deputy, who shall then and

there attend for that purpose, and the first drawn name of

a member of each of the aforesaid places or boroughs, shall be taken as the name of the member to serve for the said place or borough in the first parliament of the united kingdom, and a return of the said names shall be made by the clerk of the crown or his deputy, to the house of commons of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and a certificate thereof shall be given respedivoly by the said clerk of tlte crown or his deputy, to each of the members whose name shall have been so drawn; provided always, That it Anymcm-niay be allowed to any member of any of the said places of said places or boroughs by personal application to be then and there made by him to the clerk of the crown or his deputy, or forclo,s ai;c

J t / drawn, and

by declaration in writing under his hand, to be transmitted the name of

In-

him to the clerk of the crown previous to the said day

so appointed as above, to withdraw his name previous to the drawing of the names by lot, in which case or in that of a vacancy by death or otherwise, of one of the members of any of the said places or boroughs at the time of so drawing the names, the name of the other member shall be returned as aforesaid, as the name of the member to serve for such place in the first parliament of the united kingdom; or if What shall both members for any fitch place or borough shall so with- both name/' draw their names, or if there shall be a vacancy of both

members at the time aforesaid, the clerk of the crown shall ^eaucyof certify the same to the house of commons of the first par- bers. linment of the united kingdom, and shall also express in such return whether any writ shall then have issued for the t'lcclion of a member or members to supply such vacancy; sail if a writ shall so have issued for the election of one ' member only, Inch writ shall be superseded, and any election to be thereafter made thereupon, shall be null and of no died, and if such writ shall have issued for the election of two members, the said two members shall be chosen accordingly, and their names being returned by the clerk of the crown to the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, one of the said names shall then be 'rawn by lot in inch manner and time as the said house of Voi. XX. 6 G

commons

486 The fiqrtieth fear of HI.

A. p.

1800. Chap. 38.

When a new parliament of united kingdom shall be summoned,

lord chan, shall cause writs to be iljucd, &c. and so on all vacancies in commons.

Copies of returns shall he preserved in crown of* See* and shall be evidence.

Recited bill shall he pan of this act.

commons shall dire<2, and tjbje perfop whose name shall be so drawn, shall be deemefl f.o be the member to fit for such place in the first parliament of the united kingdom; but if at the time- aforesaid no writ shall haye issued to supply such vacancy, none ftialj thereafter issue until the fame be ordered by resolution of the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, as in the case of any other vacancy of a feat in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom.

Yin. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall by proclamation under the great seal of the united kingdom, summon a new parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the chancellor, keeper, or commissioners of the great lord of freland, shall cause writs to be issu.ed. to the several counties, cities, the college of the holy trinity of Dublin, and boroughs in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, specified in this act, for the election of members to t'erre in the parliament of the united kingdom according to t: 0 number herein before set forth; and whenever any vacanry of a feat in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom for any of the said counties, cities or boroughs, or for the said college of the holy trinity of Dublin, shall arise by death, or otherwise, the chancellor, keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, upon such vacancy being certified to them respectively by the proper warrant, shall forthwith cause a writ, to issue for the cleQion of a person to fill up such vacancy, and such writs and the returns thereon respectively being returned into the crown office in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, shall from thence be transmitted to the crown office in that, part of the united kingdom called England, and be certified to the house of commons in, the same manner.as the like returns have been usually, or shall hereafter be certified, and copies of the said writs and returns attested by the chancellor, keeper, or epmmissioners of the great seal of Ireland for the time being, shall be preserved in the crown, office of Ireland, and shall be, evidence of such writ? and returns, in case the original writs and returns shall be lofl.

IX. Be, it enadle.dj That the said bil) so herein recited, be taken as a,part of tips,act ajid be.deemed.to all intents

and

7be Fortieth Year of George III. 4.87

and purposes incorporated within the same: provided a!- A.D. ways, that the said herein recited bill shall receive the royal assent, and be passed into a law previous to the first day of January, which shall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and one: and provided also, that if the said herein recited bill shall not receive the royal alTent,

;.iid he passed into a law previous to the said first day of January, which shall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and one, this act, and every part thereof, shall be of no fdrcc or validity whatsoever.

X. And be it enacted, That the great.seal of Ireland Greatfai may, if his Majesty shall so think fit, after the union be used in like manner as before the union, except Where it is otherwise provided by the foregoing articles, within that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, and that his Majesty may, so long as he shall think fit, continue the privy council of Ireland, to be his privy council for that part of the united kingdom called Ireland.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more speedy Correction of Erroneous Judgment's given in the Courts of Lam in this Kingdom.

Friday the First Jay of Flugufl^ One thousand eight hundred. Royal gfffentgiven.

JOHN CAYPR. O. CLER. PAUL.

f]T WHEREAS the present course of examining and cor- Pnambir. Yy re fling erroneous judgments given in the superior courts of law in this kingdom is inconvenient, and it would tend 10 the case of the suitor, and the dispatch of business, if one court composed of the twelve judges of the land were reated to which writs of error should lie directly from the four superior courts, and from whose judgments writs of :rror might be brought before the king in parliament; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af-(finbled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall not it lawful froth and after the passing of this act, to sue forth 6 G 2 any

l'i'Om paf-ling this act no writs of error herein flcscribed shall be sued forth.

I’u what manner

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

any writ of error to the court of king’s bench to reverse any judgment of the court of law, before the king in chancery, or to reverse any judgment of the court of common pleas, or to sue forth any writ of error to the court now holden before the chancellor or treasurer, commonly called the exchequer chamber, to reverse any judgment of the court of exchequer, or to sue any writ of error returnable dqeftlytn parliament to reverse any judgment of the court of king’s bench.

II. And be it further enacted, That where judgment

hath been given for the Teverfal whereof a writ of error may

now by- law be brought, and where judgments shall be given

writs of error in any of the said courts of kina’s bench in law before tile shall hereafter ,.

bebrought. king, m chancery, or common pleas, anci'of- exchequer respectively, writs of error may be sued forth of the chancery, commanding transcripts of the records of such judgments respectively, to be brought before the chief justice of the court of king’s bench, the chief justice of the court of common pleas, the chief baron of the court of exchequer, and the other justices of the said courts of king’s bench and common pleas, and the other barons of the court of exchequer, into a chamber to be appointed by the chief governor or governors of Ireland for that purpose, and to be called the exchequer chamber, and that the said chief justices, chief baron; and other justices and barons, or any nine of them, Chief and shall have power and authority to examine such judgments

other judges,

or any9of respectively, and to reverse or affirm the fame, or to award vtrfe or aflinn fuel) judgment as to law and justice shall pertain, and to judgments; fcn(f -writs as the case may require, to the courts from ereofjmigra. such transcripts shall be respectively brought, direct-

ing such courts to cause execution to be done, as if the judgment had been, originally awarded therein; and further that the said chief justices, chief baron, justices and barons shall and may in all cases depending, award such costs moderate, reasonable, or exemplary, as to them shall appear just.

Appeah

III. And be it enacted, That writs of error may be sued

from juug- . (

menu of said in the high court of parliament, by any party aggrieved Chrouginto by any judgment of the said chief justices, chief baron, juf-parliament. tjces an(j barons for the further and due examination thereof; provided always, - that it shall and may be lawful for the

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the court of king’s bench, and ihc said court, commonly called the exchequer chamber, to proceed to judgment in all cases now depending before them upon writs of error, and that all judgments thereon to be given, may be removed by writ of error to parliament, in the same manner as if this n£t had not passed; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be confirm’d to give a tight to any person to sue forth a writ to reverse a judgment in which the king is a party, other than as by law the fame is notv allowable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said chief indices, -chief -baron, justices and barons shall assemble and hold their first fitting on the first fitting-day of the term next ensuing the passing of this act, and fitall and may adjourn, and hold their future.fittings to and upon sue’n days in term, or out of term, being within twenty days of the last day of every term as to them fitall feetn moll convenient for the dispatch of suits depending before them, and that it shall be lawful for any one or more of the said chief judices, chief baron, justices and barons, when nine shall not be present, to adjourn the said court, and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to appoint a clerk of the said court of error, to continue during pleasure, with a salary not exceeding three hundred pounds by the year, to be paid by quarterly payments out of the consolidated fund.

489

A.D. 1800.

r Sco. Chap. 'io.

K. bench sncl exchequer may proceed to

cases now before them.

Meetings of judges, and appointment cf a clerk,

500l. a year salary.

Vo.L. XX.

6 H

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

49°

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the belter Regulation and Management of ike House of Indufry, established for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin,

Fitdoy thcfirst day of dv«tflt crc lloufvul eight hundred. Royal Afrdgiven.

JOHN GAYER, 1). CLEft.

3 fty‘?/per- "W JAS in pursuance of an act, nr,ade in the fans m i e \\ thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign,

vcinoiV: entitled, An act for the better governing and managing tin

hot/fe of indufry, for the relief of the poor in Dublin, seven persons were ele61ed a6ling governors thereof, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight

Bv 38 G. 1L And whereas by an act made in the thirty-eighth 3. they were year of Iii> said Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to continue

continued J J d a

governors, for a limited time the government and management of the house oj indufry, for the relief of the poor in Dublin, under the present' ailing governors thereof the said seven persons so first eleGcd, were continued to be acting governors of the said llOlifc of industry, until the'first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his said Majesty's reign, entitled, Att ail to continue an ail, passed in the thirty-eighth year of hit said Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to continue for a Imitca time the government and management of the house of indufry, for the relief of the poor in Dublin, under the present aili/g go-i,y 39 c. 3. vernors thereof, it is enacted, That the two said recited ids wmcmitU* be, and continue in force until the first day 0!

nurd. May, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

L.iicutc- 111. And whereas it is expedient that the acting gnrer-

poiiVj'iVtL nors of said institution should consist of five persons and no

prui,.1 nfting more with powers to manage and dircift the said honle of governors to 1

begovc-n. u, 'industry, be it enacted by the king's ir.oft excellent Majesty,

w!io Hull bL e 1 J b J

hv

The Fortieth Year of George III. 491

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual A.D. and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af- p,1^00’ sembled, and by the authority of the same, Tint so soon after the passing of this act, as his excellency the loid lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for ^nagcratur, the time being shall think proper, lie or they is, and are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint five of the present acting governors to be governors of the said house of industry, and that from the time of such nomination and appointment, the five persons so nominated and appointed shall be, and continue to be governors thereof, and that they, or any three of them, shall from thenceforth have the foie ordering, directing, and managing the said house, and all matters and things relating to the fame, and that they shall have a common seal, and sue, and be sued as a body corporate and politic, in all courts of justice, by the name, stile, and title of the governors of the house of industry in Dublin; and in case of vacancy by death, rc- L. lieutenant signation, removal, or otherwise, the lord lieutenant, or otiilisn°" other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being,*/hall be authorized and empowered, and he or they r'or|l> is, and are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint a person to be a governor'in the /lead and place of the person so deceased or resigned.

IV. And be it enacted, That a number of the said Governor fnfiicient to form a board, shall meet once at the wwn. icalt in every week, unless they be prevented by sickness,

or such other cause as by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being shall Ic thought reasonalde, and that a book shall be J:eot, in "Inch shall be entered the names of such governors as. shall attend the board; and if it /lwll appear that in any one day not any one of the five governors have attended, the proportion of the allowance or salary to every of the said governors shall for such day he withheld from them.

V. And be it enacted, That if any of fuel) five gover- A'h'B!’-r.ors shall for the space of one calendar month be absent gMiujjto ':om fuel) meetings of the said governors as shall be had

'it'niii the said calendar month, unless prevented hv lick- s'*icri'*

ls«, Ika'1 be

or such other cause as may appear reasonable to such incip.:. c!tk- governors as shall attend at such meetings, such cause 6 II 2 to

49'2

A.D. 1800.

Chap. 4

Guvoross to r* [<«( tv J.

h.'U’CdftNt,

v!; < :i ’_)* ap-puiiitaiic.llic.

Governors r.r.y he :c-nv<v;d by

Itt-til.

Agroc-mentis nuybi! entered into with gover-hots by owners of ground or houses nc-coifiiry for h. of industry.

what n«n

he done when parties do not agree louch-Hig the value of such ground* and heufes.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to he iiikrtec: in the minutes of their proceedings, every furh p: rfnn ftiail he inc pable of being a governor, an: he f.-i< governors l]ial! in every such.tafe, as often as it t'h.hl so ha upon, forthwith report to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time Iving, , the ahknrc of such person, and the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time hein^, shall be authorized to nominate and appoint a person to be a governor in the .{lead and place of the person so rendered incapable.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every p.-rfon appointed by this art, and who shall be nominated a governor in pnrfuanee of this art, shall be removable by the loid lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

VII. And whereas several portions of ground, and the buildings thereon now in the possession of the acting governors, will be iliortly out of lease, and are essentially necessary to the proper management of the house of industry, and several other portions of ground contiguous to salt! house are also necessary for the purposes of that institution, be it enacted, That in case any agreement shall be entered into by the governors and the owners of any such grounds or houses for the renewal of such expiring leases, or for any new lease-of any grounds or houses, the person or personr, bodies-politic or corporate seized, possessed of, or interestedin such grounds or houses shall have full power, and they or any of them are hereby fully authorized and empowered to convey to the governors of the house of industry and their sucessors, their rights, titles, and interest in such grounds nr houses respectively, and the said governors are hereby empowered to purchase and hold the same to them and their successors during the term of nine.hundred and ninety-nine years for the purposes of the said institution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the governors of the house of industry, and the parties interested in fuels grounds or houses, shall not agree touching the value of such grounds or houses, then and.in such case, on application made to the commissioners for widening or opening streeis, squares, lanes, or alleys in the city of Dublin, the said commissioners, or any two or.more of them may, sad

they

The Fortieth Year of George III. 49j

they are hereby empowered and required to ill'ue their pre- A.D. crpt or precepts to the sheriffs of the county of the city of 1 Dublin, or to the sheriff’ of the county of Dublin, accordingly as the grounds or houses aforesaid shall be situate in the one or the other of such counties, requiring them or him to inipannel a jury or juries, to enquire and value such grounds or houses, or any part of such grounds and houses, and the estates, right, title, and interest of the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, and so soon as the value of such grounds or houses, or any part thereof, shall have been so ascertained, and the said commissioners shall have confirm* cd the verdict or verdicts of such jury or juries, and the said governors shall have paid the sum or sums of money annexed to the person or persons, bodies politic of corporate, seized or possessed thereof, or interested in the said grounds or houses, for the purchase of their respedUvc estates, rights, titles, or interest in the fame, the sheriff or sheriffs aforesaid shall deliver the quiet and peaceable possession of such grounds or houses, or any part or parts thereof to the said governors: provided nevertheless, that the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Approbation Ireland for the time being, shall have been previously ob- mnii be obtained for the taking of any grounds or houses which may be thought necessary by the said governors for the purposes or of the said institution. boufa.

JX. And whereas by the laws relating to the corporation for relief of the poor in the county of the city of Dublin, persons offending against the said laws in manner therein mentioned, are to be committed to the house of industry, either on view of any member of the said corporation, or information of a credible witness: and the said corporation is authorized and required to discharge persons so committed on such persons finding sureties that he, (lie, or they, shall not again be found offending against the said laws.

X And whereas it is necessary for obtaining such infor-

1 r 1 r 1 f r m,ly

station, and for ascertaining the folvency or the persons of- upon oath, in string to become sureties, that the governors of the said house of indu'ftry be empowered to take such information, and examine such sureties on oath, be it therefore enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or

49.4 2^<? Fortieth Year a/'.' Georgelll.

A.D. 1800.

any three of them, to administer an oath or -^affirmation to

aforesaid, was or were found offending against the said laws, or as to the folvency. of any person or persons who shall offer himself or themselves as a surety or sureties , and also to examine upon oath any officer or officers, person or persons by :them employed in respect of the management, funds, or revenues of the said-institution, touching-the faithful discharge of the duties of their-respective offices or employments. Persons

XI. And be it enacted, Thatif any person who shall -take MTi'raiM°r such oath or affirmation, which shall be administered by vir-. tue of this act, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury jar)-. orfalfe affirmation, and shall thereof be convicted by due course of law, every such person shall fdffer the pains and ..penalties which by law are enacted against persons guilty of wilful and corrnpt perjury.

XII. And whereas in the accounts of the said. corpora lion, which have been audited by the commissioners of imprest accounts, several sums remain a charge-against the said corporation for infupers or charges formerly disallowed by the rf3id commissioners, and also several sums which appear to be debts-dtie -to the acting governors of the house of industry, but-which from the nature of them cannot now be recovered, the person owing them having died or become insolvent: and whereas it would render the accounts of the said a din/. ComnnY- governors more plain and Ample if the commissioners of ici-pI^coiuMs Prfft accounts were authorized to strike out of such accounts, may ttrike or allow such Turns circuniftanced as aforesaid, be it enacted,

out or allow ‘in iriri

infupcmmac. That it mail and may he lawful for the.cotmniilioners of cT'industry,' impress accounts from time.to time to strike out of the said t,ml r.if.j fmns accounts. or allow to the (hid aG'tna governors such infuiu-r;

not lively to ° ~ s '

berccowrui. as aforesaid; and also such sum or sums as appear in tie: said accounts to he Joe to the said acting governors, whirl' shall be certified by them to the said commissioners t-o b; in their opinion irrecoverable, unless such-commissit/ncrj of accounts shall in auditing the said accounts.be of-opinion tint .-there is just cause to suffer the same to -remain as a charge against the Lid acting governors.

i o:o.

Chap. 40.

any person they may require to examine, for the purposes of . being informed whether any person or persons . committed as

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Lough Foyle, at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof and for certain Regulations relative to said City.

495

A.D. 1800.

FtlJjf ih?J'jJI Jay of Augttjl, tut thoustnJ ei^ht huttJrrJy Fowl .'ff ’.t fvtU.

JOHN CAYF.R, D. CUCS,. P.\XL.

WHEREAS by an ail passed in this kingdom, in the Redial 30 thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, cn- UMiiigLon. titled, An act for building a bridge over the river Lough Fcyle, y at the city of Londonderry, and the suburbs thereof and for certain regulations relative to far’d city, the mayor, aldermen,

sheriffs, and burgesses of the city of Londonderry, incorporated by a charter granted by his late Majesty King Charles the second, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his reign, by the name of the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, were appointed commissioners, with -power and authority for designing, making, crciling, and building one wooden bridge across the said river. And whereas pursuant to the provision-s of the said act, the majority of the said mayor, aldermen, flu-riffs, and burgeffos, in common council assembled, did design, assign, lay out and appoint, in what manner said bridge should be built, and in consequetice of fuel) appointment said bridge has been built. And whereas by said recited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, are empowered to take and receive, or caofe to be taken and received, certain sums of money in the nature of a toll, before any passage shall be permitted over.said bridge. And whereas the an- uiib.-.-, nual amount of said toll has been found inefficient for the

ctent;

purposes of said ail; and it is therefore become necessary to cneicafe the said tolls in some instances. And whereas the said mayor, community,: and citizens, are by the said ail empowered to take and receive, or cause to be t’ken and 6 I 2 received

lolls to-be taken after passing this

tolls maybe ,-«icnuft;d.

' The Fortieth Year of George 'Ilf.

received amongst other fuir.s in the nature of a toll, before any passage shall be permitted over the said bridge, for ever; horse, gelding, mare, :mule, or afs laden, the Turn of twopence, and unladen the sum of onepenny; and for each foot

passenger the sum of one halfpenny, in order therefore to; provide a sufficient fund for the purposes of the said act,

be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this -present -parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, be, and they are hereby. empowered to take and receive, or cause to be taken and-received, in the nature of a toll, before any passage th'all. be. permitted over the said bridge,' for each and every horse, gelding, mare, mule, or afs laden, and not drawing,- the sum of three-pence, in lieu, and instead of the Turn of two-pence,'inow payable, under and by virtue of the said recited act,: and for each and every horse, gelding, mare, mule, or afs-unladen, the sum of onepenny halfpenny, in lieu, and instead of the sum of one penny, now payable, under and by virtue of the said recited act; and for each and-, every" foot passenger the sum of one penny, in lieu, and instead of the sum of one halfpenny, now payable, under and by virtue of the said recited act, and the said-tolls hereby granted, shall and may be demised in the same manner as, and together with, the other tolls,

-. which the said corporation is authorized to take and receive, under and -by virtue of the said recited act, and the said money to be raised by such toll,-is and shall be veiled . in the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors for ever, and the fame and every part thereof shall be applied, disposed of, and assigned to and for the several uses, intents and purposes, 3nd in such manner as is and are mentioned and directed by the said recited act, with respect to the tolls therein mentioned.

II. And be it enacted, That the said mayor, commu--nity, and citizens, and their successors for ever,-do, and .-they are hereby authorized and empowered by tlirmselves, -or any person or persons- by them appointed under their common seal, to levy the said tolls and duties by this act appointed

The Fortieth Year of George III. 497

pointed in like manner, and with the fame remedies for enforcing the payment thereof, as are prescribed and appointed in and by the said receited act, with respect to the tolls thereby made payable.

III. And whereas a doubt may arise, whether under, and by virtue of the said receited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens, can demand or enforce the payment of toll for the passing over any bridge which may hereafter be erected over the said river, at the said city, or for passing over any bridge, save a wooden one, and it may be advisea-bie hereafter to erect a stone bridge over the said river at the said city; be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors, and all and every person and persons by them thereunto authorized to take and receive, or cause to be taken and received from time to time, in the nature of toll, before any passage shall be permitted over any bridge hereafter to be erected by the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successo;s, across the said river, at the said city, or the suburbs thereof, whether such bridge shall be of done or wood, all such and the like rates for passing the fame, as in and by the said receited act, and this present act, the said mayor, community, and citizens, are authorized to demand, receive, and take, before any passage be permitted over the bridge, at present erected over the said river, at the said city.

Tulls maybe collected for pafliugany bridge hereafter to be l recud by mayor, See. of Londonderry.

IV. And whereas by the said receited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens of the said city arc authorized and empowered to make reservoirs, and to lay out pipes for the purpose of supplying the said city with pipe water; but there is not any provision in the said act for afTofling the expellees of procuring a supply of water, making such reservoirs, and laying such pipes, on the inhabitants of the said city; be it therefore enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the applotters, which by the said receited act are to be appointed for the purpose of valuing and estimating the yearly value of the several lands, chvclling-houses, out- Applot-houses, offices, cellars, stables, yards, and premises within Ltvr':n!«i:j-.f the said city of Londonderry, and to applot the money to lie raised and paid for the purpose of defraying the expence of lamps within the said city, and such app! .'tiers so np-Yol, XX. 6 K pointed

1-

'Agreements with brewers and others ’ who require an extraordinary quantity of water.

Tipe water money may be ' levied by distrefi.

1Tie Fortieth Fear 6f George III.

pointed are hereby empowered and required at the time, and in manner directed by said act, with respect to the applof-ment therein mentioned, to applot and estimate the annual rent or sum which each and every owner or occupier of every dwelling-house in the said city, which shall be situated in any street, lane, or passage therein, in which a main pipe shall be'laid, (and which dwelling-house shall be valued by such applotters, at the annual rent of five pounds, or upwards, shall pay to the said corporation, or to the person or persons by them authorized to receive the same, for the water with which such owner or occupier shall or may‘be sup-.plied, such rentto be proportioned to the annual value of such dwelling-house, provided the same shall not exceed forty shillings by the year, and provided that if the owners or occupiers of any house or houses within the said city or suburbs valued at a iefs annual rent than five pounds, shall consent that such house or houses.be valued for pipe-water, such owner or occupier shall be compelled to pay the sum assessed on him, her, or them' for the fame, in like manner as if such house or houses wTere valued at a higher annual rent than, five pounds.

V. And be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for I’he said mayor, community, and citizens from time to time as occasion may'require, to make agreement or agreements with all and every brewers, maltsters, distillers, sugar-bakers, tanners, skinners, dyers, butchers, flaughterers, inn-keepers, or other manufacturers, tradesmen, or persons who require or may consume any extraordinary quantity of water for such annual rent or 'sum as shall be agreed upon as an'd for their'supply of water according to the of such respective persons, provided that sum to be paid, or agreed to be paid by any person for his supply of water for one year, shall not exceed the sum of thirty-four pounds two shillings and sixpence.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall neglect or refuse to pay the annual sum or sums applotted and af* certained or agreed for as aforesaid, for twenty-one days after personal demand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode of, or the place in the occupation of the person so liable to pay such sum or sums, it shall be lawful for the said mayor, community and citizens, or the officer

The Fortieth Year of' George III. 499

nr officers by them appointed, to coiled! and receive the said A.D. sum, or sums by warrant under the hand and seal of the I^00' mayor of said city for the time being, which warrant the said mayor is hereby authorized and required to grant, to enter into the house or houses, yard, ground, or premises within the said city, occupied by such person or persons so chargeable with the said sum or sums, and to diilrain his, her, and their goods and chattels, and if such sum or sums, together with the coils of such distress, and of keeping the fame,

shall not be paid within ten days after such distress taken, then to fell so much and such part of such distress as shall be sufficient to pay the said rent, with all coils attending such distress, detention and sale, returning the overplus if any-to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels so distrained and fold.

’VII. And be it enacted, That the said applotters shall Applnt-ind may if thereunto required by the said mayor, community v«piiigaaJ and citizens, by any resolution or-order to that effect, entered into at any common council held of said corporation, applot and value in manner as herein before and in the said recited act mentioned, all dwelling-houses in the said city and suburbs thereof, whether under or above the yearly value of five pounds, and also all warehouses, store-houses, yards and plots, and pieces of ground, not belonging to or occupied along with such dwelling-houses; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community and citizens, or any officer or officers by them thereunto authorized, to raise, levy, demand, receive, and take of and from the owner or occupier of every such dwelling-house, warc-house, store-house, yard, or plot or piece of ground, a certain annual tax or sum of money, of and for defraying the expence of sweeping, cleansing, and keeping clean the square, streets, lanes, alleys, and public places within the said city and suburbs, proportioned to the value of such dwelling-house, warc-house, store-house, yard, plot or piece of ground ascertained as aforesaid, provided such rate or tax does not exceed in any one year two-pence, for each and every twenty shillings of the annual rent or value of such dwelling-houses, ware-houses, store-houses, yards, plots or pieces of ground ascertained in manner aforesaid, with the like remedies for enforcing payment, and levying and power 6 K 2 of

tjco The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of receiving the fame, as in and by the said recited act, ot

Ic 0°- this -present act are mentioned and contained with respect to

any of the rates or taxes therein for lighting or pipe water rent.

Lighting "VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law-the ttaets. fuj l0 an(j for ^g may0r> community and citizens, to enter into contracts, and to make and levy rates for lighting the said city of Londonderry, for any time not exceeding seven years, in the same manner, as such contracts and rates were heretofore raised and levied from year to year.

Drivers of

IX. And whereas the regulating the rates and fares of drayfTnT'1 cars’ carts and drays, and of the owners and drivers of the prionsi.aing fame, as also of porterage within the said city of London-Mbeli-’ derry, and the suburbs thereof, will prevent many impofi-anM. tions on j^g ^habitants and traders of said city and suburbs;

be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, the said mayor, community and citizens, shall and may license all and every person and persons that shall keep or drive any cars, carts or drays plying for hire within the said city of Londonderry, or the suburbs thereof; and every person and persons plying for hire, and acting as porters within the same, and from time to time to limit the number of such cars, carts or drays; and such persons plying for hire as porters, and the persons who shall so ply or ad as porters therein, in such manner as shall appear to the said mayor, community and citizens necesfaiy; and that in case any person or persons shall keep, drive, or let to hire, any car, cart or dray, within the said city or suburbs thereof, without a license being duly had and obtained for that purpose, and which license the said corporation are hereby empowered to give on the receipt of the sum of two ibillings and eight pence halfpenny for the JVnairiV.-. to fame; that then every person and persons who shall keep, drive, or let to hire any car, cart, or dray, within the vers or pur- said city, or the suburbs thereof, or shall ply or ad as a porter therein, for every such offence shall forfeit and pay the penalties following; that is to say, the film of five pounds for each and every car, cart or dray, which shall ply without such license; and the sum of ten shillings for each and every person who shall act as a porter or carrier in the said city of Londonderry, or the suburbs thereof;

the

clhe Fortieth Year of GeOl'ge UL 5°

isc Lid several penalties to be paid to the said mayor, -A> D.

cnnmuniiv and citizens, and applied for the improvement *'Q0'

i Chap. At.

of the said-city, in such manner as they llnil think proper,

and Hull and may be recovered in a summary way, before any one magistrate, on proof being made on oath, after one ftinimons, to the party offending, and to be levied by distress and falc of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate, unless such penalty be paid in twenty-one days after such distress shall be taken, and the overplus, if any, after all charges being Kiincted, shall be paid to the owner; and in case no suffi-tient riiflrefs can or may be had, to answer the said penal- lies respectively, the person or persons To offending, shall by warrant under the hand and seal of the said magistrate, be committed to the common gaol of the said city, there to be kept for any time not exceeding one month.

a. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful,

’t'onsatit'j

to and for the said mayor, community and citizens, in cuts, car;., common council assembled, from time to time, to ascertain, settle, appoint, and regulate the several rates and fares to be taken and demanded, and weights to be carried by all

a.ul every car, cart and dray, plying or carrying for hire within the said city, or the suburbs thereof, and the rates ir fares to be demanded and taken by every porter or carrier plying or carrying for hire within the said city or suburbs, sad from time to time as they shall see. occasion to settle, regulate, and ordain such new rates, fares and regulations respecting the fame, as to the said mayor, community and citizens in common council assembled, shall appear reasonable; and if the owner, driver, or keeper of any such cars, cuts or drays, or any such porter shall exact or demand more for his hire than the several rates and fares to be settled from time to time by the said mayor, community and citizens, or embezzle, make away with, or dispose of any nutter or thing committed to him to carry’; every such i«o* owner, driver or keeper, and every such porter, shall for Puua',.' " ach and every such offence, forfeit a sum not less than five shillings, and not|Sxceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered before any magistrate of the said city of Londonderry, on proof thereof, on the oath of any one credible witness; which oath the said magistrate is hereby empowered and

Vol. XX. 6 L required

Sc'en merchants to be ilcckd a committee for regulating

pilots.

Appointments of pilots to be certified to mayor, tvlio shall grant lieenfes.

Bond to lie ontend into by pilots.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

required to administer, or by the confession of the party, and to be levied in like manner as the foregoing penalties; and in case of non-payment, such person and persons so offending, to be committed by such magistrate to the gaol of said city, for such time not exceeding one month as such magistrate shall deem fit and direct.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said mayor, community and citizens in common council assembled, shall on the second day of November annually, in case the fame be not on a Sunday, and if on a Sunday, then on the following day, elect and appoint seven vrholrfalc merchants, rclident in the said city of Londonderry, to be a committee for regulating the conduct and fares of pilots vgjthin the port and harbour of Londonderry, which said seven merchants, or any five or more of then:, shall from the time of such their appointment, during the year commencing on said day, and they are hereby empowered to appoint during the will and pleasure of the said committee, and of their successors, such number of ikilful pilots as shall appear to them to be necessary to take charge of ships or vdTels trading to the said port, and to make such rules, orders and regulations for the regulating the conduct of such pilots to be appointed, as they shall judge necessary; and the said committee, or any five or more of them, shall on the appointment of every pilot, certify such appointment to the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, who shall thereupon grant a license under his hand and seal to such pilot and pilots; and every such pilot before he acts under such appointment, shall enter into bond to the mayor, community and citizens of the said city of Londonderry, with two sufficient sureties for the faithful discharge of his duty, in such sum as the said committee shall direct; which bond is to be executed in presence of the mayor of the said city for the time being; and the said committee, or any live or more of them, shall, and they axe hereby empowered to regulate and afeertnin the wages and recompence to be paid by the mailers or owners of all and every the ships and vessels trading to the port and harbour of Londonderry, who shall require such pilot or pilots, and frontline to time to alter and change the sums ascertained as such wages and recom-

pence,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

5°

shall go on board any ship or vdlel going into, or coming 0:1

out of the said port or harbour for the purpose of piloting nut nrrfoim. the fame, shall wilfully or in any manner neglect or refuse

> i cy.

to perform his duty in piloting fuel] vessel, so as to cause any unnecessary delay or injury to fuclr ship or vessel, and shall be thereof conviifted by the oath of one credible witness, before the mayor, or any magistrate of the said city, fuel) pilot shall for every such offence forfeit such sum as such magistrate shall think fit, not exceeding five pounds (lerling, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such pilot, by warrant under the hand and seal of such mayor or magistrate, and if no sufficient distress can be had to pay the said forfeiture, then such mayor or magistrate is hereby required to commit such pilot to the common gaol of said city for such time, not exceeding three months, as such mayor or magistrate shall think fit, provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to sffedt mnor. -x

& ii »i rclp>*

the said mayor, community, and citizens, or any menjber w* of the said corporation, or the said committee, or any of them, or render them, or any of them liable for the neglect or misconduift of any such licensed pilot, to any greater extent than the sum for which such pilots and their furclics shall have entered into bond as aforesaid.

XIII. And whereas by the said recited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens of the city of Londonderry, arc empowered to open and make one or more pafltge or passages to the said bridge, and for that purpose to pull down and remove such buildings as obstrndl the fame, and to make such roads to the said bridge within the said city and suburbs, and the liberties thereof, as they may deem r.cccssary and most convenient for the public, and lead injurious to private property, they first making reasonable satisfaction to the person or persons who shall sustain any damage thereby: And whereas it will (end very much to (he enlargement and improvement of the said city and suburbs, that several parts of the walls, and the gates of the said city r should be taken down, and several of the ftrccts of said city 'jj-'jjn..,.

thereby widened andopened; be it therefore enacted, That Yl'Tv 6 L 2 H ICHSM.

Ov

X

:S°'4 A.D. 1800. Chip. 41

falo of :va* iciiali.

ground may ijc fat'd out and dimiiful by mayor, Sx.

futisfafiion to persons aggrieved.

Tie Fortieth Fear 'vf' George III.

it and-may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens of the said city, and their successors, by and with the consent ‘and 'approbation-of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor-nr governors of this king.

dom for the time being, at any time or times hereafter that they shall be minded, to enlarge and improve the said city,

and to open the flrcets thereof, -to order anddiredl that the whole or any part or parts of the walls , and the gates of the said city shall he pti'led down, and that the.materials of the said-walls and gn!es:shall be sold by public audlion, in such parcels as they final I think fit, of -which sale or fates one

month’s previous notice thnil he given, and the produce of such file or Tales paid to the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city, to be by them applied and expended towards the improvement of the said city and bridge, and that the said mayor, community, and citizens shall and may divide and lay out into lots or parcels the said ground on which the said wall Hands, or such parts thereof as shall not he required or r.eecssary for the purpose of widening or opening any of the directs, lanes, or pnflages in the said city or fuhuibs, and to grant anti demise the same to such person or persons as shall offer the largest sum by way of rent for each and every lot and parcel of the fame, after one month’s previous notice having been given by the said mayor, community, and citizens of such grant or demise to be made, and every such grant or demile shall be made by the said mayor, community, and citizens, in like manner as they the said roavor, community, and citizens now do, or may grant or demise any other of their lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premises, in the said city or liberties, the produce ariting from such -grants or demises so to be made, to be by them applied and expended towards the improvement of the said city and bridge, and in case the owner or occupier of any house or houses, ground or grountls in the said city or suburbs, shall find himself or themselves aggrieved or injured by the passing down or removing any part of the said walls, or the said gates, then and in every such case falisfadion to be made to every such owner or occupier, in-like manner as f.itisfaction is by the said recited act directed to be'made with respect to injuries fuft iiocd -by private persons, in consequence of opening or making

o

V

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

passages to the said bridge; provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to injure, or take away the right or power which the said not to take mayor, community, and citizens of the said city now have, ^Sof or of right ought to have over the walls, gates, or pofterns co'Por3t-of the said city, nor to deprive the said corporation of the tolls, customs, and' dues which they by charter are entitled to demand and receive for the repair and maintenance of the same.

50.5 A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for the Relief of confined Debtors who may be «-solvent.

Friday the First day of August, One ihottfand eight hundred, Royal AJfenl given,

JOHN GAYER. D. CL£R. F.UL.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several persons now are, and for a considerable time have been, confined for debt in the several gaols of this kingdom, who are ready and desirous to surrender all their property to their creditors, but cannot by so doing obtain their liberty without the interpoiition of the h giflature; and whereas a great proportion- of said pri-fonns are tradesmen, manufacturers, and husbandmen, and-by confinement are prevented from exercising their industry and labour to support themselves and families; and whereas it will be of benefit to the just creditors of such persons, that / a fair and true account and dividend of all their property and effects shall be taken and made, and it is also just that infill vents truly surrendering the whole of their property to their creditors, shall be liberated and enabled'to pursue their several occupations for the support of themselves and families; in order therefore to carry these desirable objects into efied, and to prevent the several deceits and frauds heretofore practised in procuring the discharge of insolvent prisoners, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, and by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That immedi-Vol. XX. 6 M ately

o'6 The Fortieth Year #/- George III.

A.D. ately after the passing of this act every gaoler or marshalsea 1800. keeper in the kingdom of Ireland, shall make a return of the several. persons -who were corifined in their respective gaols

returns of for debt, on the thirtieth day of May, one thousand eight

perfoas con- »r\

fined for ' hundred,' such return to certify theday of their several coro-: May,°1830, ' mittkis, and whether they have been in -afiual custody ever ftail be made fjnce the day of such committal, the name ornames of the

; by gnolcts* J

plaintiffs at whole suits ’they were committed or detained, the amount <5f their respective debts, with the trade or-occupation of the prisoners, and the places of their residence ’ immediately previous to their imprisonment, such return to be verified, on the oath of such gaoler, or the marshall'ea ' vui'fed.10 keeper, 'before one of his Majesty's juff ices of the peace for ’’the county or city where such prisoners 'are confined, nod: also. verified by the certificate of the high sheriff or sheriffs,

or under sheriff of such county or city, and to be further verified by the certificate of the local inspector of such pri-

son or prisons, and such magistrate shall, immediately thereupon, transmit such return, affidavit, and certificate to the returns mjjc inspedior general of prisons for the time being at his office in bymadarates. Dublin, and attested copies of such affidavits, returns, and g°ncraUfDr certificates, shall be granted'by the said inspector general of b"b"* '"ho ' Pr'sons to any creditor or other, persons applying for the fame, shall grant on such creditor or other person paying to the said inspec-' eopi‘s' . for general, the sum of two -shillings and eight pence half-. penny, and that such certificate shall be sufficient evidence of the several matters therein contained, and any gaoler or -.penalty on . marshalsea keeper, or local inspector, negteding to make ^aor.'for"" such. return for the space of twenty-four hours, after 10 -aegi-a. quest' made to him in writing for the fame, and in the pre--fence of one credible witness, shall forfeit the sum of twenty

pounds for each and every default, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, by bill, plaint,

or information, one half thereof to go to his Majesty, and returns to be the other half to the informer, and the said inspector gc- fiament°byr" nera^ shall make a return of the several persons confined mipeaorgc- for debt in this kingdom who shall, have been discharged and set at-liberty by virtue of this act, and lay the fame before each house of parliament on the first day of the neat cals-. jpg sessions.

II. In'!

The Fortieth Year of George I. IT.

II. And be it enacted by the authority arforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act any person or persons who shall have been in actual confinement on the thirtieth day of May, one thousand eight hundred, and hath or have been ever since confined in actual custody in any gaol or prison in this kingdom, tinder any execution, writ, action, decree, or other process issued out of any court of law in this kingdom, whether of superior or inferior jurisdiction, for any debt or debts whatsoever, not exceeding the principal sum of four hundred pounds to any one person, and performing the several requisites made necessary by this act, may exhibit a petition to the judge or judges of that court of law from whence the process issued, or any of his Majesty's courts in Dublin, upon which he, she, or they, were arrested or taken, setting forth the original cattle or process, and also all other causes of his, her, or their imprisonment, and in a schedule to be annexed to fuel] petition, setting forth a full and true account of his, her, or their whole real and personal estate, and of all and every sum and sums of money, gifts, legacies, charges, reversions, and benefits whatever, which he, file, or they, is, are, or may be in law or equity entitled unto, under, or by virtue of any will or settlement or otherwise, as far as the fame hath come to the knowledge of him, her, or them, with the dates of the securities wherein any part of it cor.fists, mid of the deeds, wills, wtitings, or notes relating thereto, and the names of the witnesses to the fame, as far as his,

her, or their knowledge extends thereto, and in whose

hands tl.c fame respectively are, but before any such petition shall be received, by the judge or judges of the said court, out of which the original or fiift process as aforesaid issued, every such prisoner or prisoners, in order to obtain the benefit of this act, shall give or cause to be given, a notice in writing, in manner and form as herein after mentioned, to all and every the creditor or creditors, at whose suit such prisoner or prisoners stand charged, or his, her, or their executors or administrators, or at his, her, or their usual place of abode, or to his, her, or their attorney or agent

then on record in any such action or actions on which the said prisoners were arrested, or under which they were detained.

Pci Tons &'tinned cn and ftnee 30 May, 1800, for no more tinn 400l. to one person, shall he emu tied to the benefit of this act, on per* funning 11 e-ccflaiy rajiw-fuc% US lie*.;, ill directed.

Notice to cr«* ditors.

6 M 2

5o8 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1II. ’And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ;°. jn case any person imprisoned by the authority of civil bill decree or decrees, be removed to the marshalsea of his Ma-pertnl'inf* je^.v s f°ur courts, in such case the persons so removed, may prisoned l.)' apply to any judge of his Majesty's courts of record, and dviibiildc- ‘ on performing the vequifites provided by this act, such person moved t"f’c ke discharged by the authority of such judge or judges matfhaifea. from said civil bill decree, or decrees, provided always that when the attorney last on record, or under whose name such process issued shall be dead, such prisoner or prisoners may serve notice on any other attorney or attorriies who shall or may have been employed bysaid creditors, and thall appear their-attorney or attornies on record in said action or actions -at any time-previous to their preferring their petition as Notice to ?.t- aforesaid; and thall also give notice in the Dublin gazette of l>Miu ga-'" 'le >mPort to all his or their creditors at whose suit he, she, or they is or shall be detained, at least forty days before presenting the fame, and an affidavit of the due service of every such notice at the time of presenting such petition shall be read, and at the same time proof shall be made to the satisfaction of such judge or judges of such publication in the gazette, and thereupon such judge or judges thall by order cause the -fa-id prisoners so petitioning to be brought up before fuel) judge or judges as such prisoner thall petition, on some short day to be appointed by such judge or judges, said noticeslo be given ten days at least before such petition shall be presented and received, ligned with the name or-mark of such prisoner, importing his or her intention to petition as aforesaid-judgra

IV. And whereas great interruption, delays and incon-daysiTterm veniencies have frequently arisen to the usual and ir.ciifpen-hrar^-SiB business of the courts of King’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, by persons seeking the benefit of a<3s passed for the relief of insolvent debtors, having the matter of their respective cases debated -in term time in said courts, by means whereof the said courts-have often and repeatedly -been under the unavoidable necessity from not having time to hear-the fame, of-remanding said persons back to prison for a considerable time after they were fully entitled to the benefit of the said acts, and had performed all the requilites directed thereby, ‘be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

aforesaid, That each and every of the judges of his Majesty's said courts are hereby empowered to appoint any day or days in any term or vacation, to hear and determine on the petition or petitions of any person or persons applying for the benefit of this act; and also to hear and determine on said petition or petitions in any of the chambers belonging to their respective courts, or any other place that said judge or judges may appoint, provided always that no petition of any insolvent praying to be discharged under this act shall be received or taken into consideration by any judge or judges, unless such petition be previously ligned by some qne practising attorney of the court to which such petition shall be preferred, or where such judge or judges shall preside, which attorney shall also certify upon said petition that he verily believes the contents of the same are true, and that the several requisites required by this act have been fully, truly, and without fraud, equivocation or evasion performed, such petition and certificate to be lodged by such attorney with the officer of the court to the judge or judges of which such petition is preferred or addressed; and the several creditors at whose suit the prisoner or prisoners are charged or detained as aforesaid, shall be summoned for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned, and upon the day appointed for taking such petition into consideration as herein after mentioned, whether the creditor or creditors so summoned, or any other creditor appear or not, proof being made of due notice and service, and of such publication in the gazette as shall appear satisfactory to the said judge or judges, he or they may in a summary way examine into the matter of fuel) petition, and hear what may or shall be alleged on either fide for or against the discharge of such prisoner, and upon examination such judge or judges may and are hereby required to administer or tender to the prisoner an oath to the following effect, which oath, or if a quaker, an affirmation, the said judge or judges are hereby empowered to administer.

5 °9 A.D. 1800. Chap. 42.

Petitions to be signcdaml certified by attomiea.

Creditors to be summoned*

Duty of judges.

I A.B. do solemnly fviear (or if a quaker, do affirm) in Oaih t theprefence of the Almighty God, that the account by me deli- cdbyjudge" vered into this honourable court in my petition to be discharged 01 art insolvent, and the schedule thereunto annexed, doth con-Vol. XX. 6 N tain

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Iain a true and full account of all my real and personal estate, debts, credits, and effects whatsoever, which I or any in trust for me have, or at the time of my said petition had, or am, or was in any ref pelt entitled to, in possession, remainder, orrever-fion, except the wearing apparel and bedding for me, or my family, and the tools or infirnments of my trade or calling, and not exceeding ten pounds in value in the whole, and all and every sum orfutns of money, charges, and benefits whatsoever, which ia law or equity I am, or may be entitled to under any will, fiettle-ment, or otherwifie, as far as hath come to my knowledge, and that I have not at any time since my imprisonment, or before, direEily or indirectly fold, leased, assigned, or otherwifie dififofied of, or made over in trufi for myfielf, or any of my family, relations, or friends, or otherwifie, other than as mentioned in fiuch accounts, any part of my lands, estates, goods, flock, money, debts, real or personal estate, or sum or sums of money, charges and benefit's, in law ir equity as aforesaid, whereby to conceal or dficharge the fame, or whereby to have or expect any benefit or profit to myself, or any of my family, or whereby any of my creditors to whom I am indebted, may be defrauded of, or deprived of the fame, or hindered from recovering his, her, or their jufi debt or debts. " So help me God."

V. And in case the prisoner shall before any judge or judges of that court to which his or her petition shall be addressed, take the said oath or affirmation, and upon such examination, and his or her taking the said oath or affirmation, the creditors shall be satisfied with the truth thereof, the judge or judges aforesaid may immediately order the lands, goods, and effects contained in said schedule or ac-Propctty count, and all other the real and personal estate of such lobcaffim5 Pr>f°ner> and all sum or sums of money, gifts, legacies, cd as herein, charges, reversions, and benefits which he or file maybe entitled to in law or equity as aforesaid, to be assigned to foroe officer of the court where such petition shall be filed, (not a creditor of the said prisoner) to be fixed on by the said judge or judges of such court, before whom such prisoner may be brought for that purpose, and all and every the lands, goods, and effects, and all the estate, real and personal, of such prisoner, and all sum and sums of money, gifts, legacies, charges, and benefits as aforesaid, shall be 7 fully

The Fortieth Year of George III.'

fully and effectually assigned to, and veiled in such officer by a short indorsement on the back of said petition or schedule, ligned by such prisoner, and the person to whom such af-lignraent is or shall be made, may take possefiton of, and sue for the same in law or equity, in his own name, to which suit no releaseof the prisoner, his or her executors or admi-aillrators, or any trustee for him or her subsequent to such alignment, shall be any bar, and the said alignment shall be in trull for all the creditors of the said prisoner, who shall within six months after such alignment, in pursuance of notice being given in the Dublin gazette for that purpose by l'nch assignee, come in and claim and prove their debts re-fpcflively upon oath, to be made before a mailer, ordinary, or extraordinary, in the court of chancery, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in any of the law courts in this kingdom, or before any going judge of assize, or any mayor or chief magistrate of any city, borough, or town corporate, near to which such creditor or creditors shall relide within this kingdom, or elsewhere, and immediately upon such alignment executed, an order shall be made by such judge or judges, immediately to discharge such prisoner, and such order shall be a sufficient warrant to the sheriff, gaoler, or keeper of fuel) prison, to discharge the said prisoner, if detained for the causes mentioned in such petition, and no other, and such sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, is hereby required to discharge or set such prisoner at liberty without fee, nor shall such sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, be liable to any action of escape on that account; provided always, that in case any creditor, or other person shall, before such prisoner be actually discharged as aforesaid, make affidavit of any deceit or fraud practised in obtaining such order, before any such judge or judges, as such judge or judges may deem sufficient grounds, such judge or judges may, and are hereby empowered to supersede such order, and to order fuel) prisoner to be detained until the next day appointed for the discharging of insolvcnts by said judge or judges, and the fnhjcfl of said affidavit shall then be taken into consideration by said judge or judges, who may, upon consideration thereof, temand such prisoner, or make such order therein as to them shall feern fit.

Creditors tt» claim within 6 month*.

Prilouer to be discharged after alignment i* executed.

What shall be

done when affidavit of fraud is made by creditoi.

6 N 2

VI.

12 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

' A.D. vi. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the i8co. authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall wilfully conceal any part of the effects of any person claim-imprison'113 *n§ the benefit of this act, or shall take any assignraent or raent, and other conveyance of any estate, real or personal of such fer°affiSngt]r persons, either in trust for such insolvent, or for any of intention'of his family, or in any (hape to evade the intention of this this act. act, or shall accept any false or fictitious security or securities, in order to take or preserve any part of the property of such insolvent from his just creditors, each and every person so offending shall, on being duly convicted thereof, suffer six months imprisonment, and pay a fine of one hundred pounds; one-half thereof to the informer who shall sue for the same, and the other half to the poor of the parish in which such fraud shall be committed, to be recovered with dorible costs, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager at law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and all assignments, conveyances and securities made in such manner, shall be deemed null and void, as against the just creditors of such insolvent.

Attornies

VII. And be it enacted, That if any attorney acting as gren asVrre- aforesaid for any insolvent, shall sign or certify any petition, ImprUbned' knowing the same to be false, or shall return or give into and icndered the officer of any court, any affidavit of the service of no-ncapabie. ^ any creditor, his representative or attorney as aforesaid, which notice shall be found not to have been served or set out in said affidavit, or shall knowingly or willingly deceive the judge or judges in any of the proceedings or requi-iites made necessary by this act, or shall afftft, or cause to be assisted, such insolvent in any measure, to deceive or impose upon such judge or judges, in order to procure the discharge of such insolvent, in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such judge or judges, upon the petition of any creditor affected by such fraudulent discharge, to examine the matter in a summary way; and if it shall appear satisfactory to such judge or judges, that such attorney was instrumental in imposing on such judge or judges, and thereby obtained, or attempted to obtain the discharge of such insolvent, to order such attorney to be committed to the four

courts

The Fortieth Year of George III. 5*3

courts marfliaifea, or other prison of the court, from whence such process issued, for a space of twelve months, or until lie (Kali fttisfy or make compensatiotl to inch creditor or creditors ot Inch iniolvcni, as shall appear to such judge or judges to be affected thereby; and every such attorney lb adjudged to have been of such tnifJemeanor, shall be ever after incapable of ailing or practHing as an. attorney in any of his Majesty's courts of this

A.D. 1800.

Chap. 4c.

l.i.'igdoia.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the person to whom the f.tid cf- Afliqreet* feels lli:i!l be assigned, shall, and lie is hereby reouired to di- divide effects

0,1 J among:! crc-

vil.'the clTe.its so assigned, among! all the several persons icr ditors, gaol-

v.hcun they shall be intruded, amongst uhom the gaoler or keeper as

i'i the perib.n in whose custody the party discharged was, shall be

i'lduded as a creditor for'his fees, in proportion to their respeiflive

debts ns aforesaid j but in case the person or persons at-whole suit p.jfoner may

fitch prisoner was charged, or any 01 ti’.cm, shall not be satisfied

with the truth of Inch oath, but Avail desire further time to inform dilutisticd.

! iaifelf or themselves of the matters contained therein, the said judge or judges may remand the said prisoner, and direct the per-liui or person or persons diflatislied with such oath, to appear ‘at another thy, to be appointed by tile said judge or judges, some tine within fourteen days next following the time of such examination; and if on such fccoud day so to he appointed, the creditor or creditors dilfittislied with such oath, shall make default in appearing, or in case he or they shall appear, but shall be unable i» tlili-over any estate or effects of the prisoner omitted in such his petition or (ehedule, or to shew any probability of his or her hiving been forsworn in the said oath, or to shew any other fufli-cictit cattle to the ibid judge or judges, why he or flic (hotild not 1« ilileltarged, that the said judge or judges shall immediately unii'i the said prisoner to be discharged upon such alignment of his

or her eliate, efiedls, benefits and interests, in manner as aforesaid; provided that such person or persons so dilfatislied with such oath Allowance at the time of such examination, shall be then obliged to pay such °y

prisoner such-allowance for his fublitleucc during the number of creditor, days he may be so obliged to continue a prisoner, ill cotlsequence of his being remanded, as such judge or judges shall then think proper to direct; otherwise and in case of relufal thereof, such prisoner to be discharged by the said judge or judges, as if no such charge of dissatisfaction of such oath had been made.

IX. And be it enacted, That every-affidavit of notice upon any wimt (tdi creditor or creditors, their representative, or their aitornics, made contained

* in auidavit ot

icquisite by this act, shall tpecity the names and abodes of the notice.

V.0L1 XX. 6 0 persons

5 M- 7The Fortieth Year of George'HI.

A.D. 1800.

persons served, to whom they were served, the place where, and 1800, -.the day of service, and whether personally served,- or otherwise, and' no affidavit of such service shall be read or- received, unlefj; such attorney of the insolvent as aforesaid, flwii, upon such afiida-' vit certify,‘that he verily believes a notice to have been regularly and duly served upon such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his,

- her, or their representative or attorney, ten days at the least bc-

fore such petition shall be taken into consideration, every such notice to be in the words following, or to the following died

"Torm of nc. 'Take notice,' that

- tree. a pnyg;leri covfincg in

for debt, did on the Day of

present a petition -to the judges of his Majestys can ! oj or to the judges of ' being the court from whence the process ff/iteJ whereon such prifener is confined, to be dfeharged as an i/fol-cent, under the aB of parliament faffed for that purpffe, and ' that such petition will be taken ' into~-confederation on the day of

- by a judge or judges of fat'd court, before whom you are berdj required to appear urpeifon, or by your attorney.

Perfansfo X. Provided always,-and belt further enacted by the authority shall'n^ver be a®3rel':1*d, That the person or persons of the debtor or debtors io incited for discharged, shall never after be arrested, or liable to imprisonmcr.t traflnnjcforc for l'le fame debt or debts for which any debtor was so arrc-tkil, cr ’ May, detained in prison, nor for any other debt or debts due- to any otlur

- person or persons, although no arrest had been made, or detainer " laid on said debtor, at the suit of such other person or persons,

; provided-the fame was, or were used, or contracted, on or bo-j fore the first day of May last, and in case he, she, or they (fall

be arrested or intprisoned for any such debt or debts, and any such

suit or suits shall be commenced or prosecuted again! him, her, or them, in respect thereof, such person so discharged, shall and may be discharged therefrom, and set at liberty by any judge of the court out of which such process issued for which he was so con-

fined by any order made thereupon, on hearing the matter in a summary way, or by any judge of assize, commissioner of general gaol delivery, or commission of oyer and terminer, and fitch person so discharged may plead this act, and his discharge under the lautC; in bar-of any such action or actions, provided always, that

in

5r5

The Fortieth Year of ' Geor ge III.

jn case the faiil prisoner fn.ill refuse to take the said oath or afiirma- A.D. iish, or having taken the same shall be ('erected of falfiry therein, 1 ^cC-dure the said judge or judges, he or fire shall presently be remand-v.i by the said judge or judges to prison, and lhatl forfeit the benefit Pci-Sms

‘. v.*ho rvfufe to

U tins aa. take the oath

X!. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such person who shall nnmtci; nke such oath or affirmation as aforesaid, shall upon any . nctiTtnent for pirjury in any matter or particular contain'd in the said oath or affirmation, be convicted by his or her otvn confc'fion, or by the verriift of twelve men, rcif.ir.s

wltu Iwfiir or

s ;e or (he may be by force of this aifi, the persons so con- affirm rairdy

v. ’ id shall suffer all the pains and forfeitures which may pc-iun-, am!

ly law he iiifiiiled on nnv person convifledof wilful.perjury,

and shall likewise be liable.to be taken on any process dc

wo, and charged for the said debt, or any other in the same manner as if he- or file had never been duchr.rged or

taken before, find shall never after have the benefit of this or

any oilier insolvent aft.

Xit. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Concealing authority aforesaid, That if -any person or persons obtain- i0L felony, ing his, her, or their discharge from imprisonment, under or by virtue of this a cl as aforesaid, shall knowingly and ivillingly remove, make away with, conceal, or embezzle mv part of his, her, or their estate, goods or effects, or any beneficial interest, to the value of ten pounds, or any books of accounts, -papers, feenritivs or writings relative thereto, with an intent to defraud his. her, or tlitir creditors, all and every such person and perl'mis being thereof lawfully convicted by-indictment, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer as a felon or feions without benefit of clergy, or the benefit of any statute made in 'relation to felons, and in such case all the goods and effects, cllate, and interests of such person or persons foeonvicied, shall go and be divided by thealfignee as aforesaid, amongst the creditors of such person or persons, in like manner as the fame would have been done if included in such schedule -as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted by tiic authority aforesaid, That no -more shall be paid for any notice or publication

' 1 this aO.

fi O r. under

516 ' The Fortieth Year of Gec:ge ill.

A. P. . under any part of this act in the Dublin gazette, or any iSoo. otiier- public newspaper' than one fhilh’ng, and the publisher ’ of fuel) gazette', and every public newspaper, flp.il be bound

on request thereof, and on payment or tender of the said fan; of one Aiilling, to print or publish the same.

XIV. ' Provided always,-and be it emailed by the a-jt'no-.dJJ? rify aforesaid, That all orders, affidavits, advertisements, ^notices and proceedings to-be made and published, or in any wife to be had, towards or in order to the obtaining the discharge of -any prisoner-or pe'rlon herein before or after mentioned, and towards the cieditor or creditor.! of such person, prisoner or prisoners, obtaining a satisftcddn of his, her, - or their- just debts by means of this ad1., or any part of it, ilaa.Il net be liable to any stamp duty v.int-'soever.

Wvtiicmis ‘XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint

and sale of c!- } '

wwaiida- each and every such assignee shall make a dividend or divi--.dends of all the estate and efleifts of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, coming to his hands within twelve calendar months after the same shall be-so assigned to,- or be veil,'.! in him as aforesaid, as far as the nature thereof will atfam, unless upon application to the judge or judges by which fuel; assignee was appointed,-and assigning some.good cr.use so: dclaying the fame, further time shall be given; and in case any of the ell-ate, effects, or iiucrelts lb assigned to, or veiled in such al-figiuc as aforesaid, shall be of such a-nature as not to be reduc'd/!: into poll'd]-on, or into money, within a convenient time, such ai-dignee shall and may by petition (late the same to the judge i.r -judges by whole order the alignment was made, who may rder it to the officer of the court to which such judge or judges lit lung,

to sell and dispose thereof, so circumstanced for tile bell price slut can be got lor the fame; and in case the same shall be subject :> any just, honest, and fair charge or incumbrance, may feli and dispose of the fame subject to such charge or incumbrance, and shall have -. power to convey, assign and transfer the lame, and the whole interest which such person had therein, and the produce arising by every such sale shall be paid to such assignee to be divided as aforesaid, after payment of such coils as shall reasonably be expended touching the fame, and the venders and purchasers shall not be answerable for the application or misapplication thereof. h-dmiTwhen1 ^VI. And whereas it may happen that some person or per-i-tatts of pri- fons may be found in possession of- l’ome part or parts of the estate

foiicis arc I

loutid ta yof-

The Fortieth Year of George III. 517

0; Inch prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or of such prisoner or prisoners A.D. as hereafter mentioned, pretending to be entitled thereto under some iboc. custodium or custodiums, orunder some foreign attachment or attach-incuts for some fictitious debt or debts which have been wholly or in fdfion of a great part satisfied, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, titfous c’cbti." That in every such case the assignee shall and may petition the court of exchequer praying that an enquiry may be made, and that justice may be done to all and every the creditor and creditors of such prisoners or prisoners respecting the fame, whereupon the said court to whom such petition shall be presented, shall and may in a summary vay enquire into and finally decide upon such custodium or custodiums, foreign attachment or attachments j and if it shall appear to such court that such custodium or custodiums, foreign attachment or attachments, was or were obtained for a debt or debts really or fairly owing by such prisoner, then and in such case Inch creditor shall, if such debt shall appear to be a Ample contract debt, be entitled according to the amount of his debt, to iiich proportion of the effects of such prisoner as other creditors claiming Ample contrail debts are entitled to; but if such custodium or custodiums shall appear to have been obtained upon one or more judgment or judgments, then in such case such creditor shall he entitled to be paid according to the priority of Ills judgment or judgments, in such manner as other judgment creditors are to be paid by this act, provided always that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be conftrtied to extend to deprive any mortgagee or mortgagees, or creditor or creditors, by statute-staple or Ihitute-merchant, recognizance or judgment, of any estate or to muriga-interest, or of any lien, charge, priority, or benefit to which such £StJ’ &c‘ &c' mortgagee or mortgagees, creditor or creditors, for a fair and valuable consideration, shall have, or be entitled to, in law or equity, against or in respect of any of the lands, or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners, such mortgagee or mortgagees, creditor or creditors, or the person or persons under whom he, she, or they may claim, being truly and bona fide such, and on the first day of May Iaft.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to any prisoner or prisoners seeking his discharge as aforesaid, who shall not appear by the return, affidavit, and certificate herein before mentioned, to have been in actual custody for debt in some public gaol on the p0»<n of laid thirtieth day of May, without fraud or collusion, nor to any such prisoner as aforesaid, who shall be in prison, and charged

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

in custody for ally debt exceeding the principal sum of four hundred pounds to any one person, unless such prisoner shall appear to have obtained his or her certificate, under some commiflinn of bankruptcy, or to have been discharged under some insolvent debtors- ad within Great Britain or Ireland, and shall appear to be imprisoned for some debts owing by him before obtaining such certificate or di (charge, nor shall the fame extend, or be construed to extend to any such- prisoner seeking his discharge as aforesaid, to discharge him or her from any arrest or imprisonment, or for, or in respect to any debt owing by him or her, as a truiiee for any widow or children, or as attorney-or solicitor for any client, or as high sheriff, fub-sheriff, or coroner, for any execution, or as church-warden, high or petty constable of any parish, or who by other fraudulent devices incurred the debt for which he or (lie is in custody.

Aiugnrcs

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-nay com- pa|(j That each and every assignee of the estate and eftefts

pound or sub- jo

mit toarbi- of any prisoner or prisoners within the provisions of this act, shall have power and authority to compound with the persons indebted to such prisoner or prisoners, or to submit to arbitration any suit, debt, or claim of, or against such prisoner or prisoners, or of or again! such assignee, and all and every award or awards that shall be made by any arbitrator or arbitrators, umpire or umpires, in consequence of any reference or arbitration by any such assignee, shall be good, eftcdual, and binding, to all parties concerned, and the said assignee is hereby indemnified for what he may do according to the directions aforesaid.

Where mu-

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authori-

lual credit has J J

been gi, no ty aforesaid, That in all and every case and cases whore balanceikll' mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or pri-bc charged, foners within the provisions of this act, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate, before the exhibiting of such account or schedule of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, then and in every such case the assignee of such prisoner or prisoners shall have, and have hereby power to state, and allow an account between them, and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in any such assignee as the estate or effects of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be due to him, her, or

their.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 5*9

then respectively, for the balance of such account when duly A.D. 1800.

Ha:ted. p.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein by this act in any part thereof an

oath is required or directed, the solemn affirmation of any person being a quaker, to the fame efiedt, shall and may be Aflirmatm

accepted and taken in lieu thereof, and every person making ofaqml"r'

such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful- and false

affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the fame penalties

as are infiidled and imposed by law, upon persons convicted

of wilful and corrupt perjury, provided always, that if it

shall at any time appear to the court which has ordered the discharge of any person claiming the benefit of this act, that such order had been made upon a false statement of the facts, , c',nrl ma:;

r_(It afiJc or-

oranvof them in the affidavit set forth, upon which such dm mate on order had been founded, then, and in such case, such court L may set aside such order, whereby the person in rvhofe favour it had been made, shall be deprived of all benefit de-rival from this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

laid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the af-

tigtree of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners

who shall obtain his, her, or their difclurge in pursuance of

this act, or any person or persons duly authorized' by him

fir that purpose, from time to time if need be, to apply to

the judge of assize, commission of oyer and terminer, or gaol

delivery, thereby desiring that such prisoner or prisoners,

nerson or perfotis, may be examined as to any matters or ters riilati"i,r 1; ' lo ilicir cllatcs

things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects, andcflias, at

whereupon such judge or commissioner shall fend for, or call af

before him or them, such prisoner or prisoners, person or persons, by such warrant, summons, ways or means, as he

or they shall think fit; and upon such prisoners appearing,

shall examine him, her, or them upon oath, as to such matters

and tilings as such assignee shall require, relating to the ef-

tate and cftedls of such prisoner or prisoners; and if any

prisoner or prisoners upon payment, or tender of payment

rf such reasonable charges as such judge or commissioner

bill deem to be fufiieicnt, shall neglect or refuse to come

’n.l appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be made

noun to fitch judge or commissioner, and by him or them 6 P 2 allowed

5 2-e Tie Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be

180c. sworn, or to answer all or any such questions as by such judge or commissioner shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or cffcGs, so vested or intended to be veiled in such assignee as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for such judge or commissioner, by warrant under his or theirhandand seal, to ap-

prehend such prisoner or prisoners so offending as aforesaid, and him, her or them, to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, (lie or they, (ha'll submit him, her, or themselves to such judge or commissioner, and answer upon oath to all fuel) questions as shall by such judge or commissioner be put to him, her, or them, for the purpose aforesaid.

XXII. And whereas it may be inconvenient to bring prisoners up to any of his Majesty's courts of record in n<w pro- Dublin, from country prisons, at a distance from Dublin,

Vilnius m J x

country pii- by reason of the difficulties and expences attending the fame, ja.v tmj plo] for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, c«ci. That from and after the passing of this act, all persons who were in actual custody for any debt or debts not exceeding fourhundred pounds, on the thirtieth day of May lad, ia any gaol or prison of this kingdom, other than the gaols or prisons within the city, or tile county of the city of Dublin, and who have continued ever since in such custody, shall and may petition the judge or judges of the court of law, out of, or under which the original or first process issued, upon which he, (lie or they were, and shall have been so imprisoned, in like manner as prisoners in general are herein before enabled or authorized todo; and all and every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, shall annex to his, her, or their -petition, a schedule, setting forth and containing a full account of his, her, or their whole real and personal estate, interests and benefits, in like manner as is herein before prescribed to such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and lire several creditors at whose suit such prisoner or prisoners shall Hand charged, shall be served with a copy of such order and petition and schedule, or the same shall be left with Iris, her, or their attorney or attornies, or at his, her, or their dwelling-house, or ufua! place of abode, ten days at least before the next assizes, and notice shall also be given in the

Dublin

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Dublin gazette, to all and every creditor or creditors, of fuel) prisoner or prisoners, of his, her, or their intention to petition to be discharged at the said next assizes; such notice to be given ten days at lcafl, before such assizes, and it shall be lawful for the judges of assize, at fuel) assizes or one of them, and he or they are hereby required to appoint a time for the hearing the matter upon said petition at or during such assizes, at which time the said judges, or one of them, upon proof that such creditor or creditors were served with a copy of the aforesaid order, and also with a copy of the schedule, containing an account of such prisoner’s real and personal estate, interests, and benefits as aforesaid, shall, in a summary way, examine into the matter of such petition, and hear what can or shall be alleged on either fide for or against the discharge of such prisoner, and upon such examination the said judges, or one of them, shall order or direct the clerk of the crown of such county, or county of a city, or his deputy, to administer or lender to every such person the oath herein before dirctfed and appointed to be taken by a prisoner seeking his discharge under this act as aforesaid, and the said judges, or one of them, shall give such judgment, relief, and directions respetling the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners respectively, and as fully, in all respects whatsoever, as the judge or judges of the court out of which such process issued as aforesaid, may or ought to give according to and under this act, and the said judges of assize, or one of them, Shall enufe such prisoner, by a short indorsement, to assign all his estate, real and personal, intcrefls and benefits ill1 like manner as is herein before mentioned respecting prisoners brought up before the judge or judges of the court out of which the said original or full process issued, and under which he, flic, or they is, or are imprisoned, and for that purpose the said judge or judges of the court out of which such process ili'ucd, shall, and may cause the said petitioner’s original petition and schedule to be delivered and transmitted over to the said judges of assize, or one of them, and the fame, together with a short memorandum or note of what shall be done before such judges of assize, or one of them, signccl by such judges of assize, or one of them, shall be, in the next term after fuel) assizes, sent back to such court as aforesaid, there to remain Vol. XX. C O oil

Judges of assize to ap- . point times for heat ing petition', ..ml to proceed as herein. Prisoners to uflign olliucs, as before.

Whe Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

on record, and what shall be done before such judges of af-1800. .{5ZCi or one of them, and all proceedings before them, or any of them as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in law as if the fame had been done before the judge or judges of said court out of which such process issued as aforesaid.

Perfcus

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall oi* procure to ^)C entitled to his or her discharge under this act who shall ke pto^cd, by the oath of one or more credible witness howls, th.iU or witnesses, before the iudue or judees of the court out of

not he <!iU . J 0 J w

cbrgoL which such original or first process issued, and to whom such prisoner’s petition has been presented, or such judge or judges, or other person, who shall, by the provisions of this act, be appointed or enabled to determine the merits of said petition as aforesaid, to have set forth in the affidavit, to be by him or her made in pursuance of this act, or shall procure the gaoler or other person in whose custody he, (lie, -or they is, are, or have been, to set forth in the affidavit to

be by them made, any matter or fad that is not true, in or-

der to entitle him, her, or them, to the benefit of this act,

and it shall be lawful for such judge or judges, or other persons determining the merits of said petition, at his or their discretion, to determine on the truth of such charge, and annex to such petition a certificate, and if by such certificate he shall be declared guilty of such charge, the prisoner or petitioner so offending, and convicted in manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit the benefit of this act.

Person?

XXIV. And whereas many persons are committed on

commuted oil '

aiiacliir.cms, attachments for not paying money awarded to be paid under "limindt* submissions, arbitrations by rule of court, or undue fub-fenbed, flnll mission or arbitration bonds, and which submissions have been

be entitled to

tin: benefit nf made rules of court, in pursuance of an act passed in the tim act. ninth and tenth years of William the third, for determining differences by arbitration, and likewise for not paying of cods

duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer,

after proper demands made for that purpofo, and also upon a wiit of exconniunicato capiendo or other process for or grounded on the non-payment of costs and expences, in cases of proceedings in ceclefiastical courts, and also by virtue ef

civil bill decrees, it is hsrc.by enacted and declared, That all such persons arc, and shall be entitled to the benefit of this

523

A.D. 1800.

rSoo.

The Fortieth Year of George III.d, and the fame shall, in all respects, extend to the cases of every person committed and imprisoned, both as to his, ^ her, and their persons and efiates, in the same manner as to other prisoners in execution on capias ad futisfackndum, or other process, and the judge or judges of assize are hereby empowered to discharge the person or persons so confined, by virtue of civil bill decrees upon such person or persons preferring his or their petition, giving such notice, and af-signing his, her, or their estate and effects for the benefit of his, or their creditors, as herein before mentioned.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Penalty on proper officers of the several courts to the judges of which petitions as (incited by this act shall or may be directed or addressed, Kot Hal! and are hereby required to receive all petitions and other pa- otiisn'iiK,.'. pers relating thereto, upon the fame being tendered to them respectively, and fitail forthwith file the fame in their respective offices; and if any such officers, or clerks of any such officers shall be found offending therein, they shall severally for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, in such manner as the court to which such officer shall be-

long may direct, provided that no person who has not been in actual custody previous to or upon the thirtieth day of May shall be entitled to any benefit under this act.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Sut>a«tr authority aforesaid, That in case the said assignee so made or pointed in appointed as aforesaid, shall refuse or decline to act in the said truss, that then and in such case on application to the <" ad-

judge or judges of such court of law for that purpose, the said judge or judges is and are hereby empowered to fnbstitute one or more assignee or assignees in the room and place of the person so refusing or declining as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Creditoca

J liiiTauJk-t]

That m calc any creditor or creditors of such prisoner or wiihatu^u?. prisoners as aforesaid, shall be dissatisfied with the conduit of such assignee as aforesaid, he, she, or they may apply to the judge or judges by whom such assignee was appointed for relief against such assignee, whereupon such judge or judges upon sufficient cause appearing to them may give such relief by removal of such assignee, and by appointing some other person or persons in his (lead, or by making such other oiler or orders as shall seem just-and adequate to the occ?.-'6 0,2 fion

5*4

A.D. 1800.

i Soo.

Allmvitnce to officer appointed affance.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fion; provided always, that the court which shall discharge any person under this act, may make such allowance to the Chap^-r-. 0(jjcer of court w|10 shall be appointed assignee of the effects of any insolvent as to their discretion shall seem meet for his trouble as assignee as aforesaid, and that said futn be the first charge upon the effects of said insolvent.

Debtors

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the au-ouemore thority aforesaid, That all insolvent debtors entitled to the bedVcharged heneiit of this act, and w'tofe debt or debts do not exceed without f«s, fifty pounds in the whole, shall be liberated free from all

which shall be J r

first on their fees and charges whatsoever, but that such fees and charges, effcas. aru| all Costs attending their liberation, shall be the first charge upon the eftedls of such insolvent debtors.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the following persons be included within the benefit of this act, although their situa-t'ions respectively do not come within the provisions of this act; provided always that every such person shall make such surrender of all hisestate and effects'to his creditors, as are provided by this act, with respect to other insolvcnts, and provided that all properly to be hereafter acquired by such persons, shall be liable to their rc-spettive debts; David Roche, William Edward Kelly, Denis M'Carthy, Janies Moran, William Taaffe, Griffin Jones, Andrew l-'itv.patrick, Hugh Gribben, John Campbell, John M‘Mul!en, William Daly, Patrick Gaffney, fane Forfter, John Gibson, Alexander Blakeney, James Cawley, John Collins, John Gallagher, Patrick John Egan, Philip Cahill, Edward Leonard, John Leamy, John Cufack, Charles North, William Torney, George Stacey, John Reilly, Edward Carpenter, George Burns, Joseph Henry Nye, Edward Flower, John Houston, John Haliday, Henry Christie, William Bleakley, Thomas Tobin, William Eitz-Gcrahi, Laurence Gibney, Roger Davvfon, Janies O'Leary, Thomas An-nefiey Browne, William Ennis, and Robert Robinson.

XXX. And be it etiatted, That J'ofenh Henry Kiernan, Jamc.-Plunket, Edward Graliam, Hugh Reilly, and Edward Brabazon, confined debtors, be not entitled to the bentlit of this act, notwithstanding their situations respectively come within the jirovi-fions of the same.

Names of persons included, on surrendertug estates and effects, and whose future property shall 4c liable to debts.

Pci Tone cx-hided.

C fl A P.

the Someth Xear George III.

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for better regulating the Collodion of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, and far repealing an Alii made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for continuing and amending several I arsis relating to his Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein, and the several Acts and Statutes 'which are mentioned to be continued by this Act.

525 A.D. i Soo.

Fi:ci<iy the JirJl Jay oj Aitgitjly sn; thousiuzd eight hundred, Royal Assent given.

JOHN CAYlt, l). CLER. PARI

WHEREAS several laws have been heretofore made for ProcmHc.

preventing frauds in his Majesty's revenue, which have from time to time been continued and amended, and which by an act made the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majestys revenue, and for the more fedually preventing the frauds therein, and the several acts and statutes which are mentioned to he continued by the said act, were further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer. And whereas to avoid the difficulty and confusion which may arise from the multiplicity of the said laws, it is found expedient to repeal the fame, and to make the several provisions herein after mentioned, for better regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein; be it therefore enacted by ffff the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice r.-ni.n, ;1.,i and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com- j‘": mans in this present parliament assembled, and by the an- «!'<-y1"

lli-e-i ft!

n tiu^ oiTi-titrs hr*

thority of the same, That the said act made the last session of parliament, and all and every the acts and stitutes thereby j,ntll;SKi continued shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, five Vf fins to the remedies thereby given for prosecuting, filing for, and recovering any penalty or forfeiture for any offence committed before the passing of this act.

526

A.D. 1800. Chap. 43.

No limited time for appeals prescribed by 14. and .15 C. 2.

Appeals within 2 months.

No judg-meiitof com-jnialtnners shall he ic-valid for in-formality.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excifs or new impojt upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, it is amongst other things provided, that if any difference, or other matter of controversy or difficulty happen to arise between any merchant, trader or dealer, and the commissioners, - fub-commissioners, collectors or other officers, or if any person or persons shall judge himself or themselves aggrieved or injured with any manner of proceedings had or done by the commissioners, fub-commissioners, collectors or other officers, that it shall and may be lawful for every such person or persons to make his appeal to the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council of Ireland, or such as they should appoint by commission under the great seal. And whereas there is no time limited in and by the said act for bringing such appeal, whereby great inconveoiencies have happened, as well to the subject as to his Majesty's revenue, be it enacted, That such person or persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any judgment or sentence of the said commissioners, fub-commissioners, collectors or other officers, shall make his, her, or their appeal unto the said lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council of Ireland, or such as have been or shall be appointed by commission under the great seal, pursuant to the said recited a Cl, within the space of two calendar months next after such sentence or judgment shall be given, and in default thereof that no appeal shall be afterwards received.

III. And whereas the prosecutions before the commissioners for appeals, though carried on in a summary way, pursuant to the laws in force in this kingdom for that purpose, have been artfully delayed by persons prosecuting such appeals, upon account of some informality or defect of form in the proceedings, to the great discouragement of the prosecutor or informer; be it enacted, That no judgment or sentence of the commissioners, or fub-commissioners of excise, shall be reversed, for any informality, imperfeflion, or other dcfcCl in form, either in the information, proceedings,

9

or

The Fortieth Year of George III. 52 7

or judgment brought before or given by the said commit- A.D. sioners, or fub-commissioners respectively. '^0Q'

IV. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen for want of fit persons being authorized to take and receive affidavits in the several counties of this kingdom, in causes or proceedings before the commissioners for appeals; be it Appoint-enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the com- m'fltncrs for missioners for appeals, or any two or more of them, by com-

million under their hands and seals, from time to time, to n. 6d. authorize and empower such person or persons as they shall think fit, in the several counties of this kingdom, to be commissioners to take and receive affidavits in any caofc depending, or other proceedings in causes of appeal, before the commissioners for appeals, and affidavits taken as aforesaid, shall be of the fame force as affidavits taken before the said commissioners for appeals are or may be, and for the {wearing and taking of every such affidavit, the persons so empowered or taking the fame, shall receive a fee of one Shilling and sixpence, and no more.

V. And be it enacted, That no affidavit taken by any What that! commissioner authorized as aforesaid, shall be read or made ;n the cap-use of before the commissioners for appeals, -unless the commissioner or person who takes the same shall mention in rcaJ-

the caption thereof the day of the month when, and also the place and county where the same shall be sworn, and that he knows the deponent, or has bedn credibly informed and believes that he is the person mentioned and described in such affidavit.

VI. And whereas the commissioners appointed for hearing and determining appeals from judgments of the chief commissioners and fub-commissioners of excise, are by the said recited at! directed to take the oath therein set forth, upon such their appointment, which oath the lord chief baron' of his Majesty's court of exchequer is hereby authorized to ad* minister: and whereas on account of the neceslhry absence of the said lord chief baron upon circuit isrtftlierwifi-, in-convenivencies may occur, be it enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful for the chancellor of the said court, or one of Clia"-0':i-

> J CiH JitiT, fltiC

fie barons thereof, or for the lord chancellor of Ireland, or Uic bamm,

'i r 4 nr lord of,nti.

i:ic keeper of the great leal thereof for the time being, to may nihniml* aitninifter the oath required to be taken by said recited ail ,t

6 R 2 to [ul "ir-ii'-

5*8 A.D. 1800.

Injunctions to he fe;ved within zo da)\s after opjeal&are lodged.

20). penalty fot icfnling to give tef-. timuity* &c.

Copy proceedings to be trai.i-miited to iegilli: of iijtjjc.iis with-in 21 days after Un:ce of i tjtnu‘\u'n> penult y 1 cl.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to the person or persons from time to time to be appointed a commissioner or commissioners for appeals, and they are hereby authorized to administer such oath.

VII. And be it enacted, That every person or persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any judgment or -sentence of the said commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, and shall make his, her, or their appeal unto the commissioners for appeals, pursuant to the provisions of the said recited act, shall serve the injunction grounded upon fuel) appeal within the space of: twenty days next after such appeal shall be lodged, or in

default thereof such sentence or judgmentfo appealed from shall be final and conclusive.

VIII. And whereas by the said recited act, it is amonr.ll other things enacted, That the commissioners for appeals, or the-major part of them, shall have power to fend for par-tics and witnesses, and all manner of papers and writings -belonging to any case brought before them, and to examine upon oath as by the said act is directed. And whereas the said act does not empower the said commissioners to inflid a penalty upon any person who shall neglect or refuse to appear, or to fend such papers and writings, be it enacted, That in case ar.y person shall neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to give his or her testimony concerning the matter in question, or shall neglect or refuse to Tend such papers and writings as shall be required, and then i shall ' be in his or her possefllon or power to fend, and Hull relate to any cause brought before the said commiliii-'.ners for appeals, every such person shall, for every such neglect or refu.fal, forfeit the sum of'twenty pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That when any appeal shall be brought from any sentence of the lub-commissioners in their respective ciiflrids, the collector or the said fub-commi!fio-ners shall, -within twenty-nne days next after service of the injunction to flop their. proceedings, transmit, or cause to be transiTiitted, under seal directed to the register of appnb a true copy attolled, of all the proceedings and proofs is the said cause, and in default thereof the collector, or the several fui'-commissioners who signed the said judgnicntlh.il!

respectively forfeit the sum of ten pounds, unless tire delay

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

if any shall happen shall be satisfactorily accounted for in the court of appeals by affidavit.

X. And be it enacted, That in case of any such omission on the part of any such collector or fub-commissioners, to transmit, or canfe to be transmitted such copy as aforesaid, and upon a certificate of such omission being sent by the said commissioners for appeals duly attested by the register of appeals to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, the said chief commissioners are hereby empowered and required to cause to be dedlifted the amount of such penalties from the salaries of the said collector or such fub-commissioners.

XI. And whereas where there arc appeals brought from judgments of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of cxcile, it sometimes happens that the merits have not been tried by such chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise where by law such merits ought to have been tried, and it would be convenient that such causes should be remanded, be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for such commissioners for appeals to remand the proceedings in every such case to the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, to the end that the merits of every fuel) case may be duly tried.

XII. And to the intent that all informations and complaints exhibited before the fub-commissioners, collector or collectors of the excise, and other persons authorized pursuant to the act before mentioned, may be impartially determined by difintcrcfted persons, be it enacted, That such fub-commissioners, collector or collectors of excise, and other persons that may be authorized and appointed by virtue of the said act, to hear and determine the matter of complaint mentioned in such information, and every of them shall if thereto required by the party or parties against whom such information is filed, or in case such information shall be against any ffiip or goods by the claimant or claimants thereof, take an oath that he is not interested or concerned directly or indirectly in the matter or complaint then depending before them, and that lie is not to gain or lose thereby on any account wha'tsoever, which oath the clerk or person who shall attend the fub-commissioners for the purpose of taking down the depositions of witnesses on fuel) trial, or

Vcl. XX. 6 S any

529

A.D. 1800.

i!>oo. Chap. 4g.

Penalties for oroiflions t» !>«- (Icilufl. tv! from fib.

1 its of co!-Icvtois or fib-eoumuf-

flOUtt-.

Gvnirtif. f oivii for a*).

}Hs mavii

RVK.J pto-

Oath to he taken by per.

fjiii hppuiut. c<\ to deter.

it com-pl n'nts, if re-quirt'd.

S3o

A.D.

I Soo. Chap. 4.3.

L-—v

' Courts of fub-commis-Honers shall not be adjourned but as here'tii-reded.

Whoeflis may be sum-*>«fnoned and warrants executed mi different dif-. t rifts from those tvlicre informations . shall be exhi-

Tie JH-rlwih i'Vtfro/’’. George III.

any of the said. fub-commissioners is hereby authorized and required to administer; and if such fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, collector or collectors of excise, or any other person or persons to be appointed as in and by the said ad , is. directed, shall refuse- to take the said oaths, as aforesaid, such fub-commissioners, colleger or collectors, or such person or persons as may be so authorized, is and are by this present act disqualified, and rendered incapable to hear, determine, or give judgment upon the matter then depending before them.and contained in such information, and all proceedings, to be had before, them after fuclvrcfufal shall he null and void.

XIII. And whereas it has sometimes happened upon the trial of offences'before such fub-commissioners of-excise, that the fub-commissioners have after their court has been opened, and the trial begun, adjourned the court merely for their ov.n convenience, without any application for that purpose, on behalf of the parties or either of them, and without any cause assigned on oath: to justify such adjournment, to the great injury, and delay both of the crown and subject, for remedy whereof be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any. Court of fub-commissioners to adjourn the hearing of any' cause actually begun, unless from day to day, for the purpose of further hearing-such cause, Sundays excepted, unless by the consent of both parties, or upon some good and sufficient cause, - to be assigned upon oath by one of the parties applying for such adjournment, or his or their counsel, agent, or solicitor, or unless upon fame good and sufficient cause to be assigned upon, oath by one or more of the said fub-commissioners, if any adjournment shall be desired and applied for by him or them.

X!V. And whereas a doubt-hath been -made whether the commissioners, fub-commissioners, collectors, or others authorized as aforesaid, can summon any person to be a witness, who doth not relide in the district where such complaint or.information ,is exhibited, and whether any warrant of distress, or, for imprisoning the offender, where no sufficient distress can be had, may be. executed cut of the limits of such particular district; be it enacted, That upon every information filed before the said commissioners, fubrcommissioneis, colledow

The Fortieth Year ^ George III. 531

collectors or others, authorized as aforesaid, in the proper A.D. difhid, witnesses and parties residing in any other different ^,^00‘ distrifl of this kingdom, may be summoned to appear before them in the same manner, as if the person or persons was or were resident, and found within the district where such information was exhibited, and under the fame restrictions and regulations, as in and by the said recited act is appointed; and also that the warrant of distress and impi ifonment, where no sufficient distress can be had, that shall be issued by the commissioners, or fub-commissioners, or others, pur-fusnt to the said act, may and shall be executed upon the goods and chattels, or on the person of such offender, in any part or place of this kingdom, in the same manner as such warrants might, have been executed in the district where the information was exhibited, and judgment given; provided always that no summons shall issue, till it shall appear by the affidavit of some person to be made before f.ircCummins one of the commissioners or fob-commissioners of the distrifl where such inform’.tion is filed, that he is advisetl, and verily believes that the person to be summoned, is a material witness on the said information, and that every core-aiissioner or fub-commissioner, v.ho shall issue such summons, without such affidavit previously made, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record; by the person who shall be so summoned; and in case any person who shall be summoned by virtue of this act, to be a witness as aforesaid,

shall neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing, flia-ll refuse to give his, her, or their testiir.ouy, concerning the matter in quefiion, every such person for such neglect or refusal, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law- Chief mm-

/ t r 1 1 r */r» J missioners

fill for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of may appoint excise, or any three or more of them, under their hands and fub-cum fcals, to appoint-from time to time so mqny subordinate com- miiriu"a1, mifltoners, or fub-commissioners, us the said chief commissioners, or any three or more of them shall find necessary, do hear and determine all offences against the excise laws of this kingdom, committed, or to be committed; and that the said -chief commissioners, ior any three or more of them,

4-S j shall

53»

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

shall have full power to displace such subordinate commis-iSoo. sioners or fub-commissioners, or any of them, from time to time, as any three or more of them shall think fit, and to place others in their room.

XVI. And be it enacted, That any judgment which shall be given by any two or more of the fub-commissioners, for any distiicl in this kingdom, who shall fit on the trial of any information, being the majority of such fub-commissioners as shall have fat upon such trial, shall be as effee-

Judgment of majority of fish-com- mifltonc!3 who lit on trial, shall be effect«;!, the Mitnher

fittingmihi'- tual^ as tjic j,uipment or sentence of the major part of

Idj

-i

the sub- corr.missioners of the difirift, any law to the contrary notwithstanding 5 provided always, That no such trial shall be had before any number of commissioners less than three.

Stth-cnir.- juifiiotxrs a:ay try all cffuiccs against revenue laws.

Commissioners may abate fine?, takirg care to encouirge informers-.

No abatement to be made by commissioners of appeal.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such subordinate or fub-commissioners so appointed, to hear, try, and determine all offences against the several laws relating to his Majesty's rtvenue now, or hereafter to be of feree in this kingdom, and to give judgment, and award execution accordingly.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners of the excise, or any three or more of them to abate anyfinc, penalty, or forfeiture already set, imposed, or adjudged, or hereafter to be set, imposed, or adjudged on any information in the excise offices of the re-fpcdlive difiri&s, against any person or persons, or tiling.', for any offence whatsoever, as to them shall seem meet, and as shall be according to equity and good confcicncc; provided always, that in mitigating such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, care be had that the informer or prosecutor be duly encouraged for his care, pains, and discovery, according to the nature and quality of the fraud had, used, and dii-

covered.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the commissioners for appeals -shall be, and they are hereby prohibited from abating or mitigating any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which shall be adjudged against any person or persons, or things, for any breach of the laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, or any of them.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the owner, or owners of any goods or-merchandizes, and for

iSoo. Chap. 43*

merchandize*

The Fortieth Year of George III. 533

for (he-matter or commander of any ship or vessel respectively,. A.D. which shall be seized for any breach of any law, upon producing a consent in writing, under the hands of three or more of the ciiief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of 'v"ts of

_ appraisement

excise, to apply to the court of exchequer, for a writ of fwfhipsor appraisement to value and appraise such goods or merchandizes, and such ship or vessel so seized, on which such proceedings shall and may be had, as have been usual in cases where by law writs of appraisement have issued, and oa return of the appraisement, or value of such goods or mcr- -chandizes, and of such-ships and vessels, the party or parties applying for such writ of appraisement, together with two sufficient sureties, shall enter into a recognizance to Ids Majesty, in double the value of Inch appraisement, before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before such other person or persons as they, or any of them shall appoint by coininiflion, to be issued out of the faitl court of exchequer, conditioned to pay such appraised value, and all other penalties ami forfeitures attending such seizure, in case the said goods or merchandize, flip or vessel respectively shall be condemned, and conditioned to pay the duties due and payable on such goods or merchandize, in case the same shall be acquitted, s.id thereupon the chancellor, or any of the barons of the exchequer, shall award a writ of delivery in the usual manner for such goods or merchandize?, and the ship or vessel so seized as a fore said; provided always, that upon the acquittal of such goods or merchandizes, and ships or vessels from such seizure as aforesaid by the chief comtniffumers of the revenue, or fuli-commissioners, or by the com miff honers for appeals, in case an appeal shall he brought, and upon payment of the duties due, and payable on the importation of such gumls or merchandize, and due proof made thereof before the said chancellor, or any of the barons of the said court of exchequer, and notice given to his Majesty's attorney general for the time being, the lit id chancellor, or any of the barons of the court of exchequer, shall order the said recognizance to be vacated, and the name shall afterwards be void to ail intents and purposes what-liu'cr.

XXI. And whereas in cases where the duties due and payable to his Majesty on any commodity, exceed the prime coll of such commodity, collnfive seizures may be concerted between the ftnuggler and the officer or oflicers of his Ma-Vol. XX. 6 T jetty’s

Brandy, &c. hereafter forced shall be sold by inch of candle, aiul produce disposed of ai herein.

Sale of tobacco i>y inch of candle, and disposal of produce.

Claims for goods under euute

Notice to claimants.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

jessy's revenue; Be it enacted, that all brandy, rum, ge* neva, or other spirits, which shall hereafter be seized, and condemned, as being illegally imported into this kingdom, shall be sold by inch of candle, and that the produce of such feizare shall be divided in such manner, as that a sum equal to the amount of the duties, which would in case such brandy, geneva, rum, or other spirits had been fairly imported into this kingdom, have be'en payable to his Majesty for such spirits, at the respective time or times of such seizure or seizures, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the remainder thereof, clear of all expences, costs r.f fiiit, and charges, go and be to the use of the person or persons who shall seize or discover, or give information of, and prove the same to have been illegally imported, und as to all tobacco which shall be seized and condemned for being illegally imported, the same shall be sold by inch of candle, and one-third part of the gross produce arising from such sale, shall be paid to the person or persons who shall foize or discover the fame, clear of all expences, costs of suit, or charges whatsoever, and the other two-third parts shall be to the use of his Majesty.

XXII. And be it enacted, That when any goods, merchandizes, or other things, shall be seized, and a claim shall be tendered by the true and lawful owner or proprietor thereof, or by any person authorized by law to make such claim under his or their hand, that the person tendering such claim, shall, at the foot of the respective claim mention some particular house within the distri£l of the excise office, at which such claim shall be tendered, where notices or summonses shall be left or served, and in default thereof, that the claim shall not be deemed legal or received, and jt shall be lawful to proceed to the condemnation of such goods, merchandizes, or other things, for want of a claim, and that all notices or summonses served or left for such claimants, with any person above the age of sixteen years, residing at such house, as shall be so mentioned or expressed at the foot of such claim, shall be as effedhial as if the persons making such were personally served.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case no person shall be found residing at such house on whom such notice or summons can be served, such fumtnons or notice shall be

polled

The Fortieth Year of George III. 535

pofled upon the door of the house at leaf! eight days before the time appointed for the determining the claim, and if the person making the claim shall not appear on the day mentioned in the summons or notice for the hearing of the cause,

A.D. 1800. Chap. 43.

then it shall be lawful for the chief romntilfioners and sub-

commissioners to hear and determine the said cause, as if such

claimant had appeared, provided always that due proof shall be made by the affidavit of the person who served or polled P°for>i°-

such notice of the service or polling thereof, and if polled,

that no person was found residing in such house on whom such notice or summons could be served.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That as often as any such Oat'itobc claim for any goods, merchandizes, or other things which shall be seized, shall be tendered by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof in person, the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, shall, at the time of tendering such claim, make oath before the officer or officers appointed to receive and register such claim, which oath the said officer or officers is, and hereby empowered to administer, that he, she, or they, so tendering said claim, is, or are the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietor# of the goods, merchandizes, or other things which shall have been so seized, and that in case the goods, merchandizes, or other things so seized, shall be claimed by any person or persons as deputed to claim the goods so seized, that then such person or persons so tendering a claim, shall make oath before the officer or officers appointed to receive and register such claim, which oath the said officer or officers is, and are hereby empowered to administer, that he, (lie, or they, is, or are well acquainted with the hand-writing of the person or persons whose name or names is, or arc subscribed to such deputation, and that according to his, her, or their belief, the name or names subscribed to the deputation, appointment, or power, is, or are the hand-writing of the person or persons whose name or names is, or are thereto subscribed, and that the person or persons whose names is or are so subscribed, is, or are, as the person, so making oath verity believes, the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of the goods, merchandizes, or other things then, under seizure, which several affidavits and deputations shall be deposited with such officer or officers.

6 T z

5315

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in case of refusal or 'hc0- omission to make such affidavit at the times and in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer and officers to refuse to receive or register any such claim or

If him-ants refuse to

:r.3y |>roc. to corMun*

Security XXVI. for costa to be given by claimants.

Tnak.-altid-rit, claims, and the tender thereof shall he void, and it shall be uaim..leu jawfuj for t|,c c},ief commissioners or fub-commissioners to proceed to the condemnation of such goods, merchandizes, or other things for want of a claim.

And be it ennded, That upon the entry of every such claim, the person or persons who shall enter such claim shall be bound with two fuflreient fnreties, to be approved of by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or by the-collector or other principal officer of the revenue at the port or disttidl where such claim shall be entered, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, to answer and pay the costs occasioned by such claim, in case of condemnation, such cost to be taxed by the chief remembrancer of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, and in default of giving such security within the time limited for entering claims, such claim shall be void, and it shall be lawful to and for the chief commissioners and fub-commissioners respectively, to proceed to condemnation for want of a claim.

XXVII. And whereas it may be difficult for foreign merchants to comply with the last of the above-mentioned

diuntsmaybe provisions, be it enacted, That whenever any ffiip or vessel, made. or t|,g carg0j or any pan; thereof, shall be feitzed, it shall be lawful for the mnfler, or other person having charge of such fllip or vessel, or the cargo thereof, to claim such ship or vessel, or the cargo, or any part thereof, on account of the owners or proprietors thereof, such person making an affidavit before the officer empowered to receive such claim, of the names and places of abode of the real owners and pra-prietors thereof, and of the person or persons to whom such fllip or cargo is configp.cd, and also performing the fever.il requifltes herein before mentioned with respetl to persons making claim to any goods, wares, and merchandizes seized as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any exciseable goods, shall be fuzed for non-payment of duties or other cause of forfeiture, and ary dispute shall arise whether the duties have been paid for the same, or whether the fame have been

How claims for pro* pert) of so-

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

been lawfully imported or legally compounded for or condemned, or concerning the place from whence, such goods were brought, in such case the proof of the payment of the duties, or of the legal importation, or legal composition, or f,ile or condemnation, or the place from whence such goods were brought, as the case may happen, shall be on the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the officer who shall flop or seize such goods.

XXIX. And whereas persons convicted before the chief commissioners and fub-commissioners of excise respectively, of offences against the excise laws of this kingdom,' and thereby subject to the payment of fines and penalties, have frequently, in order to avoid the effects of warrants issued by the chief commissioners and fub-commissioners respectively, against the goods and chattels of such persons for the levying of such fines and penalties, procured different persons to make claim of the goods and chattels seized under such warrants grounded on various pretences, and thereby have avoided the payment of such fines and penalties, for remedy whereof be it enacted, That all goods and chattels whatsoever in the use, custody, or possession of any person or persons convicted as aforesaid, shall and may be seized by virtue of such warrants, and fold for the payment of such fines and penalties without regard to any claim which any person or persons may have or pretend to have upon any account whatsoever; Provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice any right which any landlord tiny have over said goods and chattels for recovery of his rent.

XXX. And be it enacted, That any goods, ship, vessel, or boat which shall be seized, may be taken and conveyed to that port where tobacco may by law be imported, which shall be next adjoining to the place where such ship, vessel, boat, or goods shall be so seized.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners or fub-commissioners of exxife for the district in which such port is, to which any such ship, vessel, boat, or goods shall he as aforesaid taken and conveyed under seizure, to hear, try and determine the legality of such seizure, and give judgment and award execution thereon as fully, to all intents and purposes, and with

Proof of payment of do shall lion owner#.

Property of perfmis convicted may be fciicd without regard to claims of otiieis. except for rent.

Ships, &c.

lerzed may be brought to any port where tobacco may be imported.

Commit lionets orf commissioners m»y try legality «f (ei/.urc o: tuch fltips,

538 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1ach powers as if such seizure had been made within tki[

11'^00’ particular district.

Onar. 4.1, r f

XXXIF. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to

gJdsTtizedf convey all goods or merchandize which have been or shall be

- seized for any breach of any law of force in this kingdom

relating to his Majesty's revenue, from the place where they shall have been actually seized, to the excise office in the

next neighbouring district to which such goods can with

safety be conveyed, if the officer seizing the fame shall think it necessary to remove them to such neighbouring district.

Commit- XXXIII. , And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to tryf«ia"res and for, the commissioners or fubcommissioners of excise for ditet" UlIlC'r ^le district into1 which such goods and merchandizes have been 1 or may beas aforesaid taken and conveyed under seizure, to r hear, try and determine the legality of such seizure, ami: give judgment and award execution thereon, as fully, to all > intents and purports, and with such powers as if such seizure had been made within their particular.district, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sd/in; 1

XXXIV. Provided always and be it enacted, That ia fod'rtd'inboth every such case a seizing note shall be lodged, as well in the '"y:o uflicw, eXi:jfe office of the dill rid in which such seizure shall have

aim tmt'ce

given to; been actually made, as in the excise office of the district itii) . which such goods shall be taken and conveyed; and in calc a claim shall be made, notice shall be given to the person who shall so claim, of the time and place, when and where such trial shall be had, twenty-one days at lead hi foie (lie day appointed for such trial.

Vvnilscon-

XXXV. And be it enacted, That when any ship or veil'd be diclnrgd shall be condemned by virtue of any- law or laws relating loth;

rcvcmlc> such Hi ip or veil'd shall he discharged from all demand; whatsoever,' for. wages claimed by mariners for having laved gii board such ship or veil'd, any law or statule to the contrary notwithstanding.

Calls and

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where by any {fail bf f,.r- law any, goods or commodities whatsoever shall he forfeited, all "oods'Vltil ^he calks,cases and veffils, and all and every package and covering whatsoever in which the i'aine.shall be found, shall all'o be forfeited and confiscated.

No wnt of

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no writ of replevin, writ

replevin, ccc. # 1 ’

until goods of deliverance, or writ of recaption, shall at any time hereafter, are acquitted, j xvitllOUt

Toe Furtuth Year f George III.

without leave first obtained for that pttrpose from the court of exchequer, be executed for any goods or merchandize seized by any officer of exctl'e for being run or intended to be run without payment of duties due and chargeable thereupon, or for goods detained to answer the payment of duties due and chargeable thereupon, or for goods detained for the fitiafudion and payment of duties payable upon goods and merchandize imported and taken iUVJY without payment of the duties and charges payable thereon, unless such goods or merchandize shall be firtl acquitted by due course of law

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any information shall be filed for any penalty which is, or shall be imposed by any law on the mailer or mate of any ship or vessel, for any breach of any such law committed, during the time he aided as mailer or mate of any such vessel, it shall be lawful for the officers of his Majesty's revenue, or any of them, to detain the ship or vessel of which inch person against whom any such information shall be filed is or had been matter or mate, until the penalties to which they shall become liable shall be paid, or security given for the payment thereof, by recognizance to his Ma-jifly, in double the penalty with which such person shall be so charged, before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before such other person or persons as they, or any of them shall appoint, by commis-lion issued out of the said court of exchequer, conditioned to pay the said penalty wherewith said mailer or mate is charged, in case he shall lie adjudged to pay the same, and thereupon the said Imrans shall award a writ of delivery for such ship or vessel; provided always, That upon acquittal rf such person charged as aforesaid, by the chief cotnmif-iioners of the revenue, or their fuh-commissioners, or by the commissioners for appeal, in case an appeal shall be brought, znd due proof made thereof before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the said court of exchequer, and notice given to his Majesty's attorney general for the time being, that then the chancellor, or any of the barons of the court of exchequer, shall order the recognizance to be vacated.

539

A.D t8oo. Chap. 4 ;.

without Jodiv from connt of exchequer.

Ship* may

he detained, until iecuriijr ia given by mailer* or mute?, for breaches of laws.

XXXIX. And whereas persons against: whom informations may be filed, may quit the kingdom, in order to avoid being served with notice of the trial of such informations;

6 U 2 bo

54°

the Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

be it enacted, That in all cases where any such infonr.a-iSco. (;ons shall be filed against the matter or mate of any /hip

or vessel, and that such ship or vessel shall be detained as Vessels may aforesaid, it. shall be lawful for the officer who shall detain until notice such vessel to retain the possession of such vessel until the iflodgahV person against whom such information shall be filed (ha! excite office, lodge in the excise office of the district where such infortui--tion shall be filed a notice in writing, specifying fonie particular house within the district, where notice of trial shall be left or served; and that all notices served or left for such , Person or persons, with any person above the age of fixleca years; redding at such house -as shall be so mentioned in such . notice, shall be valid in law, and as effectual as if the person or persons against whom information shall be filed were per- fonally served with such notice.

rilkble°goods

XL. And be it enacterl, That all perishable goods which

seized.; 'shall be'seized by any of the officers of his Majesty's reve-

nuc, or other person or persons, shall and-may be sold at any time after the Tcizure. thereof, by cider of the chief

- commissioners of excise, or any three or more of them, whether such. goods shall have been claimed or not, and thepto-

duct- arising by and from such sale, shall be accounted for

and paid to such pcifon and pci Tons respectively as shall i?

by law entitled thereto, inten days-after the time given by

law for appealing shall be clapsed, or in.case of any appeal,

inten days after the determination of such appeal, and the

produce arising by and from such sale, after deducting the

duty due and payable to his Majesty cn such goods, and

paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, shall be in

full satisfaction of the goods so. seized.

Stup-, See. XLT. .'And be it enacted, That all fl.iuv vessels, bouts, t!cem..dpculn* ‘

able goods. < or beads of burden, now seized, or which shall at any time

: after thq passing of this act be seized, for any breach of the

laws of this kingdom, shall be deemed to be perishable. goods

; to'all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it enacted, That.it shall be lawful for the commissioners of the customs or excise, or any three or more of them, or the collector, or other chief, officer of the port for the time being, in their respective districts, in all cases where goods arc or shall be brought into his Majesty's store-houses for the security of the customs, or other duties

due

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

due thereon, to cause all such goods, if perishable, which shall have remained there for the space of two months, and if not perishable, for the space of six months, the subsidies and duties upon which have not been paid, or otherwise secured, as the law directs to be publickly sold by audlion, or inch of candle, as soon as conveniently they can, and after such sale the produce thereof shall be first applied towards the payment of the customsand duties due thereupon; and in the next place the charges of the warehouse-room, freight, and other charges, and the overplus shall be paid to the proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons so authorized to receive the same; provided always, that before any such sale of goods shall be marie, one month’s notice thereof, and of the place, day, and hour of making such sale, shall be publickly polled up in the long room, at the custom-house of the port where the sale is to be made.

in llorei fer security of duties,

one month’* notice of sale of such good*.

XLIII. And in order to prevent the great expence and trouble which the officers of his Majesty's revenue may be at in proving the commissions under which they act; be it enacted, That in all suits, actions, indictments, or informations brought against any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and in all suits, actions, indictments, or informations brought by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, in his own name, or in his Majesty's name, or in the name of any informer, AnatuAoi where it may be necessary to prove the commission orcommif- ^Co°s com-(ions of any fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or any other officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, an attested ion«. copy of (lie entry in any of the books of, or belonging to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs or excise in Dublin,- or of the entry in the collector’s books of that district, where he or they a died as a fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or as any other officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue shall be admitted as evidence in all courts in this kingdom, of his or their being a legal fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or other, legal officer or officers, or of his or their having authority to act as a fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or as an officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, without producing the commission by which he or they were appointed.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That in case any suit shall be brought, or commenced against any person or persons for any matter by him or them done or executed by virtue of,

or in pursuance of any ad or adds now of force, or whirl)

Suits for shall be hereafter made relating to his Majesty's revenue, mailers iVrys t . '

under this we fuclt action or suit shall be commenced within three months bio!i«htwith- next after the alleged cause of atlion shall accrue, and shall

in 3 months, 4c. 4c.

TvcUtf colts to defendant if plaintiff he non.fuitui, See.

Notice of rccutdu iu-tended to Le given in evi-Jence.

Officers may challenge jurors.

be laid in the proper county where fuel) alleged cause of action shall have risen, and the defendant or defendants in fuel) action may plead the general issue, or in case the action shall be an action of replevin, may avow generally that Its or they took the goods in the declaration mentioned, as an officer or officers of excise revenue, and may give this ail, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act, or some other ad relating to his Majesty's revenue; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, the plaintiff or plaintiff's shall become non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him. her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs against such plaintiff or plaintiffs; provided always, that such officer or officers, his or tlreir attorney or attornies, shall at least fourteen days before such trial, in case such officer or officers shall on such trial give any record or records in evidence, rive notice in writing to the plaintiff-, or his attorney, what record or records he or they intend to give in evidence on such trial.

XLV. And be it enacted, That where any action, information, or indictment, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any officer of his Majesty's revenue, on account of any ndt committed or done by such officer, by reason or under colour of his office, it shall be lawful for such officer to take exception to any of the jurors returned for the trial of such action, information, or indictment, who shall be of the fame business, trade, or calling with the plaintiff or plaintiff's in such action, qr prosecutor or prosecutors of such information or indictment, or any of them, and upon proof thereof every such juror shall be set afidc, as in the case of other legal challenges.

2

XLVI. Ami

43

o

a. a

i ;>co.

I hap. -"5

Pl.’ir.tiiH or profcraioi

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the plaintiff or prosecutor in such action, information, or indictment, to take exception agoinft any officer of the ctif-inms or excise who shall be returned as a juror to try such action, information, or indictment, and upon proof thereof imydialitngr every such juror shall be set aside, as in the case of other J '°r!> legal challenges.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case any informa- N°colls

J or <Uttn:i<ic*

lion shall be commenced and brought to trial, on account wticrcjudse of any seizure of any ship or goods, as forfeited by virtue of KiIu-VamiTof this or any other act of parliament relating to his Majesty's revenue of customs or excise, wherein a verdict shall be found for the defendant or claimer thereof, and it fiiaii appear to the judge or court before whom the same shall have been tried, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the judge orcouit before whom the said information shall have been tried, may certify on the record, that there was a probable cause for such seizure having been made, and in such case the defendant or claimer shall not be entitled to any coils of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who made such seizure, or caused the same to be made, be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution on account of such seizure: A.nd in case any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons, on account of any seizure of any ship or goods, as forfeited by virtue of this or any other act of parliament relating to his Majesty's customs and excise, and a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants in such action, indictment, suit, or

prosecution, if the court or judge before whom such action, cnS, J ! ' J |,c I'aul ",lnc

indictment, suit, or prosecution shall have been tried, shall j,ocnii'm

certify on the record that there was a probable cause for i',ir<ir-

such seizure, then the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall not be tal entitled to costs of suit, nor to above two pence damages, besides such ship and goods, or fiiips or goods, as the case shall be, or the value thereof at the time of the seizure, nor shall the defendant or defendants in such indictment or prosecution, where it shall appear to the judge or court before whom such defendant or defendants fh,-^! be tried, that there was any such certificate given as aforesaid, that 6 X z there

taining

l illip

Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. 'there was a’ probable cause of seizure, be fined above one Cha^00' -

XLVIII. And'belt enabled, That in all actions hereafter s!« 2odajs° to brought against any officer or officers of his Majesty's notice of revenue, 'his or their assistant or assistants, for any thinT

trial jq t ( t

fendauu. done by him or them in the execution of his or their office,

' the plaintiff or plaintiffs in every such action, shall give notice of trial at least twenty days before the trial of any '" such action to the defendant or defendants, or his or their: attorney or attornies, and that in like manner, if the trial of such action shall be brought on by provisoe, the like no. ' tice shall be given by such defendant or defendants to the: plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their attorney or attornies.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in all suits, afiions, indictments, er informations brought against any officer of r his Majesty's revenue; and in alli suits, actions, indictments or informations brought by any officer of his Majesty's revenue in his own name, or in his Majesty's name, or in the name of any informer, where it may be necessary to prove any proceeding, decree, or order of the commissioners for Attcflul appeals, a true copy of any such proceeding, decree, or " Sni^or" order of the said commissioners for appeals, attested by their

dccretaof secretary or recifter for the time -being, shall be admitted comnuflioneis

for appeals, to be read in evidence "upon the trial of any such action,

dcnccVaU indictment, or information, as if the original decree or cafo. order of the said commissioners -were produced and proved on any such trial.

Scan itics L. And be it enacted, That all contracts, notes, bills,

Iciid°d°tobe bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other feouritics given or run. shall be executed by any person or persons, where the whole or any

voi J as be* t '

tween con- part of the consideration of such security or securities shall traflors, fa. por any g00(|S) Wares, or merchandizes, which shall be run or brought into this kingdom with an intent to run the same to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the duties now payable, or which shall at any time hereafter be lawfully imposed upon any such goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall, as between the contrador or contractors, -drawer and drawers, conuzor or conuzee, mortgager and mortgagee, obligor and obligee, and all and every person and persons, having notice that any such note, bill, bond, -mortgage, ..judgment, or other-security was given and executed

The Fortieth Year of George III. 545

for goods so run, or intended to be run, be utterly cY void to all intents and purposes whatsoever. cjj.i,

f, X. And whereas the chief commissioners of his Ma- —J4

h-ik’s customs and excise are, as the law now Hands, to

trke the oaths of office, and be sworn into their office be-

eiths t.>

fore the lord chief bnroiv or ‘n his absence before the cnan- e-mum'ii>«* i\ilor of his Majesty's court of exchequer, or one of tlte ',3' barons thereof, which frequently, on account of their ab-k;:cc, proves inconvenient, be it enacted, That it shall and any be lawful for the lord chancellor of Ireland, or keeper of the meat seal thereof for the time brine, or for the chief

C* . x.

tiltice of his Majesty's court of King’s bench or common pleas, or for any of the judges of the said courts to ad-, minister the said oaths of office to the person or persons appointed to be commissioner or commissioners of his (Vla-jesty’s cnflnms or excite, and they are hereby empowered to administer such oaths.

LII. And whereas it miv be inconvenient to require the p,-rf,s !><-attendance of tlte several officers of his Majesty's revenue' m'.iy in the city of Dublin, in order to qualify thcniselves l'o: !>-!»-» their several employments, be it enacted, That at all times hereafter every person or persons appointed to any office or employment in his Majesty's revenue, shall, and may with the consent of the commissioners of excise, or any three of them, take the oath of office, or any other oaths which he or they arc respectively directed or required by the laws of this kingdom to take before their entering on their respective offices, either before such person or persons as are now authorized to administer the same, or before the collector of the district where such officer shall be appointed to re-f.ile of and in the several and respective counties, counties of towns and counties of cities in this kingdom where such officer or officers shall be appointed to reside,' and such coi-Icflor is hereby empowered and required to administer the said rath or oaths.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the commissiotis and letters patent which have been heretofore, or shall be hereafter passed under the great seal of this kingdom, constituting and appointing the several and respective persons named or mentioned in such commissions or letters patent respectively, commissioners of excise or commissioners Vox,. XX. 6 Y of

546 The Fortieth. Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Chap. 43.

Comrr.it-fious or letters patent of coinminionen *»f revenue fbil be valid, whether joint 01 several.

All excise officers flta!l be appointed and removed by coinmff-iioners of ex-«-ife, with ;.p-ptobaiion of 1. lieutenant.

of custonrs, to have and to hold their respective offices or places during their good behaviour respectively, or during iris Majesty's plenfure only, whether such commissions or letters patent respectively shall be joint or several, shall be valid and effbdlual in law to all intents and-purposes.

LIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the collectors, clerks, iearchers, waiters, messengers and other officers in the excise hereafter to be appointed, and all appointments of the said officers hereafter to be made, shall he by the chief commissioners of excite, or any three or more of them, under their hands and seals, with tile approbation of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and the said commissioners, or any three of them, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, shall have full power to displace the

laid officers, or any of them from time to time, and place others in their room, and to allow them and every of them such several ycaily wages, to be paid them quarterly out of the receipts of the said office, and other incidental rewards for their pains r.nd services as they shall think fit to be also paid them out of the receipts of the said office, such officers to have the fame powers and authorities, and to be subject to the fame forfeitures, penalties, suspensions, removals and regulations, in all other respects, as is or are provided by any act or acts of parliament relating to such officers respectively.

Allowances LY. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners,

to commit-

fio.n:rs and subordinate commissioners, fub-commissioners or collectors, oflu..rs. ^aj| |lave j-Qr fjiejr fevera[ pains in and about the said bu-finess such reasonable sums of money allowed them by way of poundage or otherwise as the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor ‘ or governors of Ireland for the time being shall think fit.

Hmv com-

LVI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any complaint touching the conduct of any officer of his Ma-fioiit-rs shall jesty’s revenue shall be made to the chief commissioners and

enquire into J J

complaints fub-commissioners respectively, and they shall judge it cx-agai.ii offi- pC(j;ent and necessary to enquire into the condtift of such officer or officers, it shall be lawful for the said chief commissioners and fub-commissioners respectively, to proceed to examine into the matter of such charge by summoning, ot

causing

The Fortieth Year of George III.

547

causing parties or witnesses to be summoned to appear be- A.D. fore them by fumntons in writing, under the hand of such *00.

person or persons as they shall respectively appoint to sign.

the fame, such summonses to be left at the ufunl place of abode of such parties or witnesses, and to examine such vilnesses upon oath, and in case of a quaker upon solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said chief commissioners and fub-commissioners are hereby respectively empowered to administer; and in case any person duly summoned as aforesaid, to be a witness, and to give testimony as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or shall refuse to make oath, or if a quaker affirmation, for discovery of his knowledge concerning the matter in question, or making oath or affirmation shall refuse to answer any questions which shall be put to him or her touching tho matter in question, such person shall for every time he or Hie shall so offend, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned; provided always, that no person or persons who may give testimony concerning any matter which shall be enquired into, shall be subject or liable to any forfeiture, fine or punishment, which he, flje, or they, may respectively have incurred or be subject to, by reason of any criminality in such person or persons, in the matters so enquired into, or be in any wise prosecuted or sued for the same.

LVII. Whereas though the prize money and wages due to the mariners serving on board vessels employed in the service of the revenue, arc paid and payable by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, yet ic frequently happens that mariners employed on board revenue vessels for finifler purposes, iffne process a gain ft the commanders of such vessels, for recovery of prize money due, or alleged to he due to them, by means whereof such commanders are often prevented from proceeding on their cruifcs, to the great in jury of the revenue; be it enacted, That it shall No process not be lawful for any process to issue at the suit of any JgaLft"lic mariner bclonirinrr to any vessel employed in the service of commiuIcr

° ' 1 of a revenue

the revenue of this kingdom, against the commander thereof, veflvu u»c on account of prize money or wages due, or alleged to be a ros" due to such mariner, any law or fla'.utc to the contrary not-v.ithstanding.

6 Y 2

546 The Tcrtieih Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of custcrns, to have and (o hold their respective offices or

C|V"’OC\ P‘aces during their good behaviour respectively, or during

His Majesty's pkafuie only, whether such commissions or

fio^or Ti" letters Patrnt respectively shall be joint or several, shall be

urs patent of valid and effectual in law to all intents and purposes.

r mx-n«rra

LIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the collect-

(l.sll be valid, ors, clerks, karcliers, waiters., raeflenjrers and other officers in tile whether |omt 7 0

m several. excite hereafter to be appointed, and all appointments of the said Ailcxclfc officers hereafter to be made, shall be by the chief commissioners of excise, or any three or more of them, under their hands and and removed seals, with the approbation'of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or

by commit- r

tinners of ex- other cnier governor or governors of this kingdom for the time y.fctbiii of being, and the said commissioners, or any three of them, with 1. Jivuiinaiit. the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, shall have full power to displace the said officers, or any ol them from time to time, and place others in their room, and to allow them and every of them such several ycailv wages, to be paid them quarterly out of the receipts of the faiii office, and other incidental rewards for their pains and services as they shall think fit to be tilfo paid them out of the receipts of the said office, such officers to have the fame powers and authorities, and to be fnbjcft to the fame forfeitures, penalties, suspensions, removals and regulations, in all other respects, as is or are provided by any act or acts of parliament relating to such officers respectively.

Allowances LV, And be it enacted, That the said commissioners,

to commit- -

Honors and fuborainatc commissioners, fub-commissioners or collectors, offers. ^a|j |]avo por t|iejr several pains in and about the said bu-finess such reasonable sums of money allowed them by way of poundage or otherwise as the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor ’ or governors of Ireland for the time being shall think fit.

How com-

LVI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any

hiifcoiirair-'1 complaint touching the conduct of any officer of his Ma-

fwners shall jessy’s revenue shall be made to the chief commissioners and enquire into J J

complaints fub-commissioners respectively, and they shall judge it cx-cm."1 °ffi" pedient and necessary to enquire into the conduct of such officer or officers, it shall be lawful for the said chief commissioners and fub-commissioners respectively, to proceed to examine into the matter of such charge by summoning, of

causing

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

causing parties or witnesses to be summoned to appear before them by futnnions in writing, under the hand of such

547

A.D. 1800.

person or persons as they shall respectively appoint to sign the fame, such furomonfes to be left at the usual place of abode of such parties or witnesses, and to examine such witnesses upon oath, and in case of a quaker upon solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said chief commissioners and fub-commissioners are hereby respectively empowered to administer , and in case any person duly summoned as aforesaid, to be a witness, and to give testimony as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or shall refuse to make oath, or if a quaker affirmation, for discovery of his knowledge concerning the matter in question, or making oath or affirmation shall refuse to answer any questions which shall be put to him or her touching tha matter in question, such person shall for every time he or (lie shall so offend, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered as herein after mentioned; provided always, that no person or persons who may give testimony concerning any matter which shall be enquired into, shall be subject or liable to any forfeiture, fine or punishment, which be, (he, or they, may respectively have incurred or be subject to, by reason of any criminality in such person or persons, in the matters so enquired into, or 6c in any wise prosecuted or hied for the same.

LVII. Whereas though the prize money and wages due to the mariners serving on board vessels employed in the service of the revenue, arc paid and payable by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, yet it frequently happens that mariners employed on board revenue vessels for Unifier purposes, issue process against the commanders of fuel) vessels, for recovery of prize money due, or alleged to be due to them, by means whereof such commanders are often prevented from proceeding on their cruifcs, to the great injury of the revenue j be it enacted, That it shall Nopricefe not be lawful for any process to issue at the suit of any mariner belonging to any vessel employed in the service of c,'mlI,3n<fcr

° J 1 J 01 a revenue

the revenue of this kingdom, against the commander thereof, wflW.uthe on account of prize money or wages due, or alleged to be a ' ouc to such mariner, any law orflatute to the contrary not-v.ithstanding.

6 Y 2

548 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. I r,co.

Chap. 43.

filJlKlS, Col-1«'C101S, <;f

i»*mers H.all <Uuiis»iacdil-U:\vccil infill iho> or

CCI 3, JS Iu.S'C-

LVIif. And whereas where two or more persons are concerned as informers, discoverers, or seizing. officers, disputes nny nrife between fneb persons, as to the proportion of reward and rliftribntion of the produce of feizt'c;, to the great detriment of his Majesty's revenue, and nif-cotiragenurit of such informers and seizing officers; he i: cr.a-flecl, That in every case where two or more perfais shall claim any right to any reward on account of any feiz-urc, penalty, or forfeiture, which they may be entitled to, the commissioners of excise, or any three or more of them, or the collector or collectors, or fufc-commissioners in their several distiid’s, who shall hear and determine such friz-tires, shall, and are h.crehy empowered and required to hear the several claim? and demands of such persons as may think themselves entitled to any reward on account of any information, discovery, or seizure, and to give or dif-tiibutethe fame in such proportions as may be just, which order or sentence, if made by the said commissioners of excise, or the major put of them, shall be conclusive to the said parties; but if such order shall be made by any collector or collrflors, or fub-commissioners in their sevenl distriifis, and the person or persons making such cl tint or claims shall think himself or themselves injured by fecit order or sentence, it shall be lawful- for such person or persons to appeal from such order or sentence to the said commissioners of excise, and they, or the major part of them are hereby authorized and empowered to receive such appeal or appeals, and to aflirm, vary, or amend such sentence or order, in such manner as may be just, which affirmation, variation, or amendment, made upon such appeal, shall be final and conclusive to the said parties-, provided, that every such person or persons, who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved or injured by such order or sentence of any such collector or collectors, or fuh-commissioners, shall make his or their appeal or appeals to the chief commissioners of excise, within the space of one calendar month next after such sentence or order shall be given, and in default thereof, that no appeal shall be afterwards received.

LIX. And -whereas it frequently happens, that the collectors of his Majesty's -revenue are at the time of their

death

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

death or discharge from their employments indebted to his Majesty, and it hath been found difficult to recover such debts from the persons who became security for such collectors, on account of the difficulty of proving that such collectors annually received the several sums of which their arrears consist, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every abstract and account which hath been, or shall be transmitted to the proper officer by any collector; and also every account settled between any collector and the accountant general, 'shall, in all actions or fuils commenced, or to be commenced against the sureties of such collector, be allowed in all courts of law and equity, as evidence of the debts and arrears thereby appearing to be due to his Majesty,

LX. And be it enacted, That if any collector, or clerk of any collector, or other person or persons shall wilfully destroy, or cause to be destroyed, or shall with design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, wilfully obliterate or deface, or cause to be obliterated or defaced, any of the books of accounts appertaining to his Majesty's revenue, or belonging to any custom-house or excise-office, every such collector, clerk of any collector, or other person or persons being legally convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

LXI. And be it enacted, That if any collector, clerk of any collector-, or other person or persons, (h ill wilfully lake away or secrete any of the books of account appertaining to his Majesty's revenue, or belonging to any custom-house or excise office, and shall not within twenty-one days after demand made by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any two or more of them, by any officer lpc-cially authorized for that purpose, by writing under the hands and seals of any two or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, deliver up (upon oath if required) to the chief commissioners or officers authorized by them as aforesaid, all such books of account relating to his Majesty's revenue, in his, her, or their custody or power, every col-leflor, clerk of any collector, or other person or persons so offending, on being legally convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of telony, and shall suffer death without be-

Recovery of debts doc by colieQ «is

to lus Ma.

jdtf.

A*y person who 111 ill vriV fi.1/ doftioy or defier any books of ac* co lints of revenue fliill suffer death.

Persons who take away revenue books* and do not return them within 21 days after demand* shall suffer death.

No disability shall ensue such conviction.

If collector of -clerk ab-fconds, notice 3,5 herein shall be equal to a -|>crfonal de-maud.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

nefit of clergy; provided nevertheless that no attainder, corruption of blood, or other disability shall ensue such cun-viction; provided also, that in case such collector, or clerk of any collector, shall abscond or conceal himself, so as j personal demand cannot be made for such books of account as are herein before mentioned, on notice or demand made in writing, and affixed to the principal door of such custom-house or excise office, and printed in the Dublin gazette for the 'space of three calendar months, such notice or demand 'so affixed and printed, shall be deemed and taken to be as e'ffcdual in law, to all intents, constructions and purposes,

- as-if a personal demand had been made on such collector or clerk charged with taking away or secreting such books of

account.

indictmenti .-.LXII. Provided always, and.be it enacted, That no per-

to be bi ought

within 2 son or persons shall be prosecuted by-judgment or otherwise

years. for any of the offences hereby made capital, unless the fame be brought or exhibited within two years next after the offence committed.

LXJIf. And be it enacted, That every collector of his Majesty's revenue in this, kingdom shall, to every quarterly account by him sent up to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs or excise, annex the following affidavit, to be by him signed , and made before a justice of the peace, or chief tna-gistrate of some town corporate, that is to say.

Affidavit to J A: B. ColhElor of , do swear,

quarterly ac- that I have carefully perused and examined the foregoing account! coIiTiSuh! of receipts.and payments for his Majesty's use, for the quarter

ending the day of

I idjl, containing sages, and have carefully compared

the fame with the several vouchers and entries, and that the fame is, to the left of my knowledge, judgment and belief, a jujl and true account, and contains all the receipts and payments that I, as collector, am accountable for within the period of time therein comprehended, and further :t'hat the several arrears returned in the said account are really Hue and lying out uncol-leSed, as I verily believe.

Custofn- house officer*

to attend at LX

IV. And be "it enacted, That the several-officers of

herein men- ' the ..custom-.hause;quays. and stores, and the officers appointed

The Fortieth Year of George III. ’ 551

to tike entries, Hull give constant and due attendance in their A.D. respective stations and Imfinesses, from the first day of October, 1800.

to the first day of March in every year, from the hour of ten o’clock in the forenoon, to the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon, and from the first day of March to the first ’day of October in every year, from the hour of nine o’clock in the forenoon, to the hour of three o’clock in the afternoon of every day, Sundays and holydays excepted, for the dispatch of business, instead of attending at the several hours during which they were formerly required to attend.

LXV. And be it enacted, That in any case whereby r<»t.pe-

J nitty on oia-

any law now of force, or which hereafter shall be eaa&ed cm for not in this kingdom relating to his Majesty's revenue, any bond ^ty^ampea is or shall be directed to be executed, and that the officer 1"<1 or officers whose duty it is to get such bonds so executed,

shall neglect or omit to see that the fame is duly stamped, and also duly executed by the person or persons directed by any such law to execute the fame, that then, and in every such case, such officer or officers ffaall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That all justices of the peace, Ailiitance mayors, sheriffs, portrieves, sovereigns, constables, head- *'"51" boroughs, and all the King’s Majesty's officers, ministers and cer*-subjects serving under his Majesty by commission, warrant, or otherwise, shall be aiding and assisting to all and every person and persons who are or shall be appointed to manage or collect his revenues, and the officers of those revenues respectively, and their respective deputies, in the due execution of all and every ad and thing required and enjoined by this or any act or acts of parliament of force, or which shall be hereafter enacted relative to his Majesty's revenue, and the due collection thereof; and all such persons as shall be aiding and assisting unto them in the due execution thereof,

shall be defended and saved harmless by virtue of this act, and the proper officers of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland are hereby authorized, on application made to them by any known solicitor of his Majesty's revenues, or any of them respectively, upon his producing an order signed by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, to issue writs of assistance under the seal of his Majesty's court of exchequer, to autho- Writt of »f.

Constable*

toafUil.

Duty may Icadconllablet from otic district to anu» ther*

Power of

officers to en-tcrhouftP,$cc,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

rize the officers of his Majesty's revenue to require and demand the aid and assistance of his Majesty's officers, and all other persons as herein before mentioned; provided always that such writs of assistance shall not be made use of by any officer under the degree of a surveyor, unless such officer shall have a written order signed by some fupc-rior officer of the revenue, of the degree of a surveyor at lead.

LXVII. And whereas constables have frequently refused to attend the officers of the revenue in the execution of their duty jn cases where by law the presence of a constable is made necessary, be it enacted, That any constable who shall refuse or- neglect, upon request made by any officer of the revenue tcuattend and assist such officer in the execution of his duty in any-matter relating to his Majesty's revenue, where 'by law the presence of- constable is made necessary, shall for -every refusal or neglect forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof shall suffer three months imprisonment,

LXVIIi. And whereas it has often happened that in aflifling. revenue officers, constables who have begun to do their duty in their own district, have frequently, in the progress of such duty, been led into a different distritf, ami have continued in another district the assistance which has begun in their own, be it enacted, That every constable uha has acted, or shall act as aforesaid, shall be considered as having acted within his own particular district.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons shall refuse lo permit, or (ha-11 not suffer any surveyor, searcher, waiter, or other officer of his Majesty's revenue, ..to enter or remain in his or their house, cellar, vault, Atop, warc-house, store house, or (lore-cellar, or other place or places to search for such exciseable goods and merchandizes as he may reasonably suspect to be concealed in fuel-, place, that in every such case it shall be lawful to and for such officer or officers, after such refusal, to break open and enter in the day-time in the presence of a conlla* ble, into any house, cellar, vault, shop, ware-house, store-cellar, or other, place or places belonging to any such person, and to search for any goods or commodities for which the duties payable thereupon to his Majesty have not been paid,

and

i

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and in case any such goods shall be so found, to seizet A.D. attach, carry away, and put the fame into fife custody. 1800.

LXX. And be it enacted, Thatif any person shall stave, 9|* or otherwise destroy or damage, or cause to be staved, def- Pnmltyfor troyed, or damaged, any vessel or package wherein any ex- tro^cx?'1’ cifeable goods shall be contained, or shall spill, scaster, or destroy, or cause to be fpiiled, scattered, or destroyed, any fc'zi"g-such goods, so that the fame, or any part thereof shall be thereby damaged or loft, in order to prevent the seizure thereof, every such person so offending respectively, shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum-of fifty pounds.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall assault or beat any officer of his Majesty’s-revenue, or his or their assistant or aiffistants in the seizing or securing any exciseable goods, wares, or merchandize, which he or they hath or have reasonable cause to suspetl to be liable to f seizure, or by force or violence refeue or carry away, or aiMtugor shall procure to be refeued or carried away, any such goods, r[ce]scul"S-wares, or merchandizes after seizure, or shall, at or after seizure, destroy or damage such goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any part of them, in every such case every person so offending, being thereof legally convicted, shall for the first offence forfeit the'sum of one hundred pounds, and upon failure of payment thereof, shall filffer imprisonment for the space of twelve months, and for the second offence shall be transported for the term of seven years.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be found passing knowingly and wittingly with any exciseable goods landed from any ship or- vessel, without due entry and payment of the duties chargeable thereon, in his or her cuf- Who fail tody, from any of the coasts of this kingdom, within the smuggicr"' space of ten miles of any of the coasts, and shall be five or more in number, and shall wear any vizard, ma'fk, or-other disguise, When p.-isling with such-goods or commodities, shall, being legally convicted thereof, be deemed, taken,-and -adjudged-guilty of felony, and shall for his, -her, or their offence, be transported as a felon, for the space of seven years; and in case any such offender shall return to this kingdom before the expiration of the said seven years, he or file shall suffer as a felon, without benefit of elergy.

fcorUingly.

LXXIII. Ai d

554-A.D.

jfioo. Chap. 4:

Shaotinj a navy or rove-JiLSi oiQcCItf.

Indictment: for offences . mide felony

by this act.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons upon the (here, or on board any ship, vessel, or boat, shall nu» 3' liciously llioot at, or upon any ship, vessel, or boat belonging to it his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues from any part of the coast thereof, or if any person or persons being on shore, or on board any (hi), veil'd, or boat, shall maliciously llioot at, maim or wound any officer or officers of his Majesty's navy, or of the customs or excise, whether attempting to go on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any ship, vessel, or boar, or otherwise acting in the due execution of his or their duty on shore, or within the limits of any port, harbour, or creek of this kingdom, or within four leagues of any part of the coast thereof, or shall maliciously llioot at, maim or wound any person or persons aiding or assisting such officer or officers in the execution of his or their duty as aforesaid, then every person so offending, and all and every person being aiding, abetting, or assisting therein, shall, being thereof legally convicted, be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fufler death without benefit of clergy.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be charged with being guilty of any of the offences made , felony by this act, before any one or none of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or before one of his Maji ilv’s julUces of the court of King’s bench, if the offence be committed in this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the poits thereof, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, by information of om- or more credible person or persons upon oath, by him or them to be sub- feribed, and shall be indicted for the fame in the county where the offence shall have been committed, if committed within the hotly of any county, or in any county in this kingdom, if the offence: shall have been committed at sea, and within four leagues of the coast thereof, the clerk of the crown where such indictment shall be found shall return such indictment and information to the clerk of his Majesty's most honourable privy council in this kingdom, or his deputy or deputies, who is, and are hereby required to lay the fame, as soon as conveniently may be, before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and the privy council of this kingdom, whereupon it shall be lawful for the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, to make his or their order in the said privy council, thereby requiring and commanding such oflender or offenders to Surrender him, her, or themselves within the space of forty days .4 after

The Fortieth Year of George III. ^5

after the first publication thereof in the Dublin gazette, to the lord A.D. chief justice, or any other of his Majesty's justkts of the court of ,®°0, King’s bench, or to any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, if the offence be committed within this kioaaum, or within the limits of any of the ports thereof, or within (bur leagues of the coast thereof, who is hereby required upon fuoli offender or offenders surrenderinghim, her, or themselves, to commit him, her, or them, without bail or mainprize, to the county gn >1. or to the giol or prison of the place where he, she, or they lluli Ui liu-rcn-der, to the end that he, she, or they may be forthcoming, to infer the offence or offences wherewith he, she, or they shall (land charged, according to due course of law, which order the fail! clerk of his Majesty's privy council, or his deputy or deputies, shall cause to be forthwith printed and published in two successive Dublin gazettes, to be forthwith transmitted to the theriff of the county where the offence shall be committed, if the same shall be committed in any county; and if the offence shall not be committed in any county, but within the limits of any port as aforesaid, or within four leagues of the coasts of any part of this kingdom, to Ire transmitted to the sheriff of any county in this kingdom, near to the place where such offence shall be committed; which sheriff shall, Mm*pro. within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, cause the same to be numur herein proclaimed between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, in the market places, upon the respective market renJ.r, shall days of the two market towns in the same county, in which, or c,','iae.l,ana near to the place where such offence shall have been committed, fuller and a true copy of Inch order shall be affixed upon fotne public place in inch market towns; and in case such offender or offenders shall not surrender himself, herself, or themselves, pursuant to such order of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor- or chief governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to be made in council a. atorciaid, he, she, or they lb neglecting or refilling to turrender him, her, or themselves as afi resaid, or escaping after Inch surrender, shall, from the day appointed for his, her, or their lut render as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of felony, and shall suffer pains of death,

:>ia cases of a persons convicted and attainted by verdict and judgment ot felony, without benefit of clergy, if the offence he charged to have been committed within this kingdom, or within the limits cl any of the ports thereof, or within four leagues of the coast thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the couit tf King’s bench, cr the justices of oyer and terminer, ot general yc! delivery for the county or place where lech person or persons 7 A 2 {lull

$6 ' The Fortieth Tear, of George III. A.D. 1800.

shall be, to award execution- against such offender or offenders, rSco in such manner, as if he, the - or they, had been convicted and attainted in the said court of King’s.bench, or before such justice; of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, respectively, if the offence be charged to..have been committed within this kingdom, or within the limits of any of the ports-, thereof, or within four leagues of the coalt thereof.

LXXV. . Provided always, and it is ' hereby enacted, surrendermaj That: it shall and may be lawful, to and for any person so i jicglcdting or refusing to surrender himself, herself, or theci-'selves, as aforesaid, to plead- ore tenus in arrest of such exe-. cution, that such person was at the time of issuing such pro-

- clamation, and continued to be,- until the expiration of such forty days as aforesaid, out of this kingdom, ‘and thereupon a jury shall be impannelled to try and determine such plea; and if such plea shall be found-for the-prisoner or prisoners, 'then and' in such case, he, she, or they, shall answer such offence wherewith he or (lie shall -stand charged as aforesaid, in like manner as if he, the -or they had' surrendered himself,'- herself, or themselves, in due. time after such proclamation as aforesaid.

tli*""1 LXXVI. ' Provided also, and be it enacted, That every

fundi'd not 'such pica shall. contain an averment that, such person did

J1>-’ .-not fly for such offence.

Tmnfpnr- ' kXXVII. And be it enacted, That all and every person ration for , -ir

haihoming and persons who shall, after the time appointed as afore-

ptocUinlwJ. - fair! so-r the surrender of any person or persons so charged i.upon oath with any of the offences aforesaid- shall be expired, ’.harbour, receive, conceal, and abet, or succour such person

- or persons, knowing him, her, or them to have been so charged as aforesaid, sand-to have been required to surrender

him, her, or themselves by such order or orders as aforesaid, and nbt to have surrendered pursuant to such order or orders, being prosecuted for the fame -within one year afict the offence committed, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of felony, and shall be'transported.as a felon or felons for the space of seven -years, in the same manner as felons are or shall-be appointed :to-be-transported-by virtue of any act or acts . already made, or -hereafter to be made touching the trnnfportation- of felons; and if any such offender or offenders' flia.II bcCfound at large within this king*

The Fortieth Year of George III. 5 c

dom before the expiration of the said term, without lawful A.D. cause, he, she, or they, shall suffer as felons without benefit of clergy.

LXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby de- Natty prc-

J vent inch

dared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to perfombrirg prevent or hinder any judge, justice of the peace, magistrate, oV.tlna'iy1 ,*’ officer, or, minister of justice from taking, apprehending, and a, UiL' lccuritig such offender or offenders, for requiring whose surrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid by the ordinary course of law; and in case such offender or offenders, for requiring whose surrender such order in council shall be made as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured in order to be brought to justice before the time shall be expired, within which he, flic, or they shall be required to surrender him, her, or themselves, by such order in council, that in such case no further proceeding shall be had upon such order made in council against him, her, or them so taken and secured as aforesaid, but he, she, or they, shall be brought to trial by due course of law.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That in case any ship or veflTl liable to seizure or examination shall not bring to, on being required so to do, or being chafed by any cutter or other veil'd in the service of his Majesty's navy, having the proper pendant and cnsign of his Majesty's lliips hoilted, or in the service of his Majesty's revenue of the customs or excite, such cutter or other revenue vessel, having a pendant and cnsign hoisted, with such Rc-.,mo marks thereon as now are or shall be directed by the commissioners 'n.fc(-I5’ of his Majesty's revenye, or any three of them, to be uial or '"-j* worn by vessds in the service of the revenue, of customs and excite, ,1, in a blue field, it lha.ll be lawful for the captain ci mailer, or otliei j'1*,s person having the charge or command of such cutter or veil'd in die service of his Majesty's navy, customs, or excise, to fire into :'".eh lliip or veil'd which shall not bring to after Inch colours shall be lb hoilled, and a gun shall have been fixed by Inch cutter or wli’clas a signal, atld such captain or other officer, and every peril'll ailing in his aid or aflistence, or by his direction, shall he, ami is hereby indemnified and discharged from any penalties or idions for damages for so doing; and in cate any person or per-1'ius shall be wounded, maimed, or killed by, or by means ot Inch Ming, and the officer or officers, or other person ailing in his or their aid or assistance, or by his or their clircdlion, shall be

Y01.. XX- 7 13 filed,

1 ioo. Chap. 41.

£58 The Fortieth Year of George II'I.

A.D. 1800.

sued, molested, or prosecuted, or shall be brought before any of 1S00. his Majesty's justices of the peace, or other just ices or persons, Chap. 4j. having-competent authority for, or on account of such wounding, maiming, or hilling, all anil every Inch justice or justices, person or persons, is, and are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required, to admit every inch officer and officers, person anti persons so brought before him or them as aforesaid, to

bail,

jocl. for

LXXX. And be it enacted, That if any ffiip or vessel, not

p'-nd'alftor being in the service of his Majesty's navy, or in his Majesty’s

enfi-o on1 revenue, British or Irish, of the customs or eetcife, shall carry or

board any ’ ’ . , r

veflil not be- hoist any such pendant or chfign as herein before mentioned or navy "? w- described, the mailer or person having the charge or command of venue. every such ship or vessel, shall forfeit the lum of five hundred pounds.

'Felonswho

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall

u-cuinphces’ Suilty an)' °fi"ence) made felony by this act, shall, within

(hill be par- three 'months after such his offence, and before his conviction, discover two or more of his accomplices therein to the commissioners of his Majesty's excile, or to any one or more of them, so as such accomplices, or any two of them at least, lie convicted of such offence, the offender so dilcoveiing shall be cleatly pardoned, and di (charged of and from such his or her offence.

Where

LXXXII. And for the speedy and impartial trial of any bad.* '"J)'bC offence, which by this act is declared to be a felony or misdemeanor, be it enacted, That every such offence, in case the same shall be committed within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of any part of the coasts thereof, shall and may he enquired of, examined, tried, and determined before any court or courts of oyer and terminer or gaol deliver)-, in the nearest county within this kingdom, in such manner as if the fast had been actually committed within such county.

Where of-

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That ifany person or persons

fleers arc pre- '

vcmcj from on board any ship, boat, or vessel, being within four leagues of any the d'ores of this kingdom, Hull refill or prevent any ot-tiiatit-h with- peer of his Majesty’s.revenue from hoarding or entering into such

out arms,.

fuels Ililpt, (lup, boat, or vessel, or from seeing, surveying, or making (earth

fhaM brlor- ^'or exciseable goods and commodities, or permitting them lb to failed. do, shall prevent or hinder such officer or officers from seizing and carrying away such exciseable goods or commodities as shall or may he found therein, and which they have authority to llffc, though such rc(iftance, hindrance, or prevention shall not be with arms, or by force of arms, then and in such cases such ship,

boat.

The Fortieth Year of George III. ^-g

boat, or vessel, with all her guns, taekle, furniture, ammunition, A. I), and apparel, and all goods and commodities found therein, shall 1 Soo. be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and proffieuted, as herein ^1CP- 4.1* ilire&ed.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any officer or officers Op;.«!'r,s-of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excite, om7-er"iv;’ifrIt being oil shore, or going on board, or returning from on board, fj^giasof er being on board any ship, boat, or vessel within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues from the coast thereof, (lialLbe opposed, obstructed, or affinilted in the due execution of his or their office or duty, by any person or persons, either by day or night, every such person or persons so oppoling, oMlruding, or assaulting the Laid officer or officers, in the due execution of his or their duty, and all such as shall act in his or their aid or ailiftance, shall be carried and conveyed before anyone of his Majesty's justices of the peace redding near to the pi ice where such offence shall be committed, or where such per-luii or persons shall be apprehended, and such justice shall, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, commit such personi to the next county gaol, there to remain until the next court of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or until such person shall he delivered by due couiffe of law, and in case an indictment shall be found against him, he shall plead thereto, without having time to traverse the fame in prox, as is usual in cases of mifde-meanors, and being duly convictod thereof, shall, by order of the court before whom such offender shall be convicted, be sentenced to pay, and suffer such fine and imprisonment as shall be awarded by the said court in its discretion.

I.XXXV. And whereas it frequently happens in several ports of this kingdom, that upon the arrival of many ships at the same time, there are hot officers of his Majesty's revenue sufficient in

liich port or district to take tile charge and care of the said ships upon them, by which means the collector, or other chief officer t.iTuch port or district, is obliged to employ other persons, and I lace them in such ships or vessels for the better collecting and louring his Majesty's revenue: And whereas such persons so appointed, are frequently obstrnfted by the mailers of such ships or vessels, and other evil-minded persons, on pretence that such persons so deputed, are not legal and commissioned officers; for () ( amrdy whereof, be it enacted, that if any master nr other person ty fnrnb. having the charge of any ship or vessel, shall refuse to permit any person or persons authorized or deputed l>v any writing signed 7 B 2 by

j6o The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

by the collector or other chief officer of the port or place where ife'oo. Rich ship or vessel shall arrive, to take the care and charge of ^U£b ffiip or vessel upon him or them,-or to enter ir.ro such ship, vessel, gabbard, hoy, bark or boat, or to remain on hoard, or flail let, hinder, or obstruct such person or persons so deputed, induing or performing such matters and things as he or they shall be authorized or deputed to do, or perform as aforesaid, the malic: c: other person lo offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit th; sum of fifty pounds sterling.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any officer or officers of the customs or excise to enter into any coasting ship cr vessel which shall be within tile limit's of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the (here Wlicoait 'hereof, and to search the cabin, and all other parts of all luti: era,examine coasting ships or vessels for prohibited goods, and to demand the coden, u. c. coc]jet obtained by the matter or other person having the charge of such ship or vessel, iri order to examine whether the cargo onboard such ship or vessel corrcfpontls with the cockct, and if such cargo shall not be found to correspond with fair! cocket, then every such officer is hereby authorized and required immediately to seize such ship or vessel, and brine-her into the next port or harbour into which (lie can conve*

nirntly come, and whether such cargo shall be found lo correspond with such cocket or not, such officer or officers is,- and are hereby authorized and empowered to flay anil remain' on board all such ships and vessels during the time that the same shall continue within any such port, or within four leagues as aforesaid, and if such matter or other person having charge of fucll ship or vessel, shall upon demand by any such officer, refuse or omit to produce such cockct, cr if any person shall oppose, molcfl, or hinder any officer or officers of the customs or excise, in going or remaining oil board any ship or vessel, or in ttie entering or fcarchiag the cabin, or any other part thereof, every such persons shall for every fucll offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That where any person or persons shall, by virtue of this ndt, be arrested, or lakm before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace lor any offence against this a<tt, declared to be a mifdcmcnnor, such person or persons shall in no case be admitted to bail unicii lie shall fiifl enter into a recognizance with two fuflicitnt9functus

Il t! for niifotuva-.uovs.

Power of officers to

The Fortieth Year of George III. 5 6*

Sureties to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the sum A. of two hundred pounds, and the sureties in one hundred pounds each, with condition that such person or persons shall appear at the then next ensuing court of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to be holden for such county for which the justice before whom he shall be brought shall act, and answer and plead to any indictment which may he found for such misdemeanor, and such recognisance shall forthwith be transmitted to the clerk of assize, or other proper officer of the court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for such county.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons shall knowingly harbour, keep, or conceal, or shall knowingly permit, or suffer to be harboured, kept, or concealed, or shall fell, or expose to sale, or buy any exciseable goods or merchandize, knowing that the fame were run, such person or persons shall, over and above the forfeiture of such goods, forfeit and lose treble the value of

Penalty foe keeping mm goods.

such goods.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any 100l. pe> cxcileable goods shall be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue in the house or out-house of any person or «fcucd. persons, and that the same shall be refeued, in such case every person who harboured or concealed such goods, or in whose house or out-house, offices or yards the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XC. And be it enacted, That where any person hath Giwtsmt

covered rmy

any goods or merchandize exceeding the quantity for which be seized.

such person shall produce vouchers, to shew that duty was paid for the same, it shall be lawful for the officer or officers who shall examine such goods, to seize out of any part of the fame a quantity for which no cover was produced, and the same shall be deemed and taken as the goods and merchandize for which there was not any voucher produced, to thew that duty was paid for the same.

XCI. And be it enacted, That every enfry of any goods . WimiMi

v ... ’be contained or merchandize shall contain the following particulars, in in entries.

words at length; that is to say, the several and respective marks and numbers of the packages or vessels in which the goods mentioned in such entries are contained, with a particular description of such packages or vessels, whether

Vol. XX. 7 C leaguer,

562

A.D. 1800. Cha^4J

goods not corrtsponding with entries may be seized

Poll en-irics within 21 days.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hogshead, tierce, barrel or other cask, or whether case, bale; pack, truss, chest, box, bundle or other package, or by such other name or description as the fame is usually called or known, together with a particular account and description of the contents of each package or vessel; and if the package or vessel in which any goods or merchandize mentioned in such entry shall he contained, be not described in the manner herein directed; and if the goods contained in each particular package or vessel, shall not agree with the account of the contents of such package or vessel, such goods and merchandize, together with the package or vessel in which the fame is contained, shall be forfeited; and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

XCII. Whereas persons importing the following goods and merchandizes, that is to lay, spirits, wines, hops, fa-.gar, coffee, beer and ale, have been fom'e times permitted to enter such goods and merchandizes as containing a Iefs quantity than they really contained, on account of their not being able exactly to ascertain the quantities thereof, and afterwards to make a post entry of the quantity deficient in such prime entry; be it enacted, That in all cases where port entries ought to be made on spirits, wines, hops, fu-gar, coffee or beer, and ale imported into this kingdom, the merchant or other person importing the fame, shall make such post entry within twenty-one days after the goods shall be gauged or weighed respectively, by the proper officer, or in default thereof, such merchant or other person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XCIII. Whereas it sometimes happens that goods imported into this kingdom are landed and taken away without payment of the duties and charges payable thereupon , be it enacted, That whenever any importer or importers of any goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be indebted to his Majesty for, or on account of the duties payable upon the

Where goods arc taken away before duty is paid, goods

nt—Kaif !mPortat’on of any goods, wares or merchandize, taken

beliabktoall away duty and charges.

in- manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the proper officer of the port where such goods and merchandize have been so taken away, to detain any goods entered subsequent to such taking away by the person or persons whose goods and merchandize were so taken away,

until

The Fortieth Year of George III. 5^3

until such person or persons owing the duty due and payable on

A.D. 1800.

the goods and merchandizes so taken away, shall satisfy and pay 1 ^oC'

the amount thereof, together with such charges for storing thereof, as by law may accrue due thereon, if the same shall have been hared: and If such duties and charges shall not be paid within thirty days after the same shall be so detained, the officer shall cause the fame, or a sufficient part thereof, to be sold by public cant, and out of the money arising by such sale, to pay the cjtics and charges aforesaid thereon due, and shall pay the remainder thereof, and deliver any such goods remaining unfold, to the owners thereof; provided that when such goods have been taken away lay the owners thereof, without payment of the duties due and payable upon the importation thereof; and where security hath teen given for the amount thereof, such goods, at the time of the entry thereof, shall be charged with the duties for which such security was given, and no other.

XCIV. And whereas frauds have been frequently cpm-uiitted, by entering several species of new manufacturees nude of cotton, at a lower duty than by law they should ceintered; be it ensiled, That all manufacturees made of canon, of the like species of manufacturee as callico, ii-.ullin, or mullinet, whether the fame, or any part thereof, be flamed or dyed, before or after the weaving thereof, by whatever particular name the fame now are, or hereafter shall be denominated, shall fall under the description of, and pay duty as callicoes, muslins, or muflincts, printed, painted or stained.

XCV. And be it enacted, That if any brandy, rum, or "'hat other spirits in caflcs, bottles, jars, or other vessels or pack- nJibck ages under fifty gallons guage, save and except spirits of vi- *2^" idol, or other spirits tifed in the linen manufacture, and cor- con,a,1'"ff

ri . *>«. u-a,

dial waters, or any teas in any package, except such teas as ortobxx shall be directly brought from Great Britain, and proved to have been exported from thence, or any teas, whether brought from Great Britain, or not, in packages containing Ids than ten pounds each, or any tobacco in any packages containing cfs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or any goods liable to forfeiture by any act of par-liunent upon importation into this kingdom, shall be found la board any ship, vessel, or boat in any bay, port, harbour, nvcn, river, or creek in this kingdom, or within four 7 C s leagues

Exception in favour of veffcis diivcn in by distress

Allowance of tea and spirits for seamen.

If any part of cargoes of vc (Tel3 driven in by distress be fmnggled, the whole shall be forfeited.

5the Fortieth Year of George III.

leagues of the ftiore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, although bulk shall not appear to have been broken, or any of the said goods or commodities before mentioned, or any of them run, or attempted to have been run out of such. ship, vessel, or boat, in every such case all such goods and commodities so found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, shall be forfeited; or if any ship, vessel, or boat, shall be found in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek, or within four leagues of the shore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, although such goods and commodities before mentioned, or any of them shall not be found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, upon proof made that such goods or commodities, or any of them, have been taken from on board such ship, vessel, or boat, and landed in any part of this kingdom, then every such ship, vefle or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and all goods and commodities on board shall be forfeitet over and above any other penalty or forfeiture for the said offence incurred by any law now of force in this kingdom; provided al ways, that no such forfeitures shall be incurred, in case such vessel shall be driven in by unavoidable necessity and distress, and that the matter, purser, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall immediately after the arrival of any such ship, vessel, or boat, into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river or creek of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof of such necessity and distress before the chief officer of the revenue reftdent at the nearest place where such ship, vessel, or boat shall arrive; provided also, that it shall be lawful to have so much tea, brandy, rum, or other spirits for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board such ship or vessel, as shall not exceed in quantity more than two gallons of spirits for each seaman, nor more than one pound of tea for each seaman belonging to such ship or vessel.

XCVI. And whereas ships and vessels, with such goods and merchandize on board them, frequently come into the ports, harbours, havens, rivers, or creeks of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the (bore thereof, either in real or pretended distress, and after they so come in as aforesaid, smuggle the whole or part ot their cargoes, be it enacted, That if any ship or vessel shall come into any port, harbour, river, or creek in this kingdom, or shall be within four leagues of the shore thereof with any such goods or merchandize aforesaid on.board, and that any such goods or rner-7 chsndize

7 he Fortieth Year of George III. 565

chandize shall be so landed in any part of this kingdom, the fiiip or A.D. vessel from on board of which such goods or merchandize shall be |8oo. lb landed, together with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, shall be forfeited, as also the remainder of the cargo of such ship or vessel of such descriptions, and in such packages as aforesaid, notwithstanding such ship or vessel was forced into this kingdom, or was within four leagues of the shore thereof, by unavoidable necessity or distress.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That if any rum or spirits, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the British colonies or plantations in America, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, either from the said colonies or plantations, or from Great Britain, in any ship or vessel fnwlut under the burden of seventy tons, or if any foreign brandy, bramlj', strong waters, or other spirits, shall be imported or brought from any port or place whatsoever in foreign parts into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel tinder the burden of one hundred tons, except only a quantity for the use of the fcamcn then belonging to and on board such ships or vessels respectively, and not exceeding two gallons for each of such seamen, every such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also all such brandy, ram, strong waters, or other spirits, shall in each and every such case be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be . G"0,1* P’T-

J ing duty ad

lawful for the several officers of his Majesty's revenue to open, rUorm. view, and examine all goods and merchandizes paying duty ad valorem, and compare the fame with the value and price thereof fivorn to or affirmed by the importer, and if upon examination thereof by the proper officers, it shall appear to them that such goods, wares or merchandize, or any of them, aic not valued according to the true price or value thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such officers to detain sinh goods and merchandizes, and to cause the same to be conveyed into his Majesty's warehouse, or otherwise properly secured at the port of importa'inn; and the Commissioners of the revenue, or any four of them, are hereby impowered to direct the collector of the port into which such goods, wares or merchandizes may have been imported, to pay out of any money in his hands applicable to the fame Vol. XX. 7 D to

A.D. 1800.

I iioo. Chap. 4.3

Payment to i»yro|n'ietors of ijuucla cnkivd .<ul raloicm; at;d diipoHil of- produce oi futpiiguods.

Tie .'Fortieth Year of George III.

to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares or mcr-"chandize, the value thereof so ascertained as aforesaid, 'to-'gether with an addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also the duties paid on the importation' of such goods, but without any further allowance either on account of freight, or any other charge or expence whatsoever, which payment the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue are hereby directed to enufe to be made within one month after the goods shall be so taken and detained.

XCIX. And :be'it enabled, That'such payment so made to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares or merchandize, shall he deemed to be in foil satisfaction for the same to all 'intents and purposes as if such goods, wares or merchandize respectively had been regularly fold; and that it shall be lawful for the fair! commissioners whether the Value of the said goods, wares or merchandize so respectively ascertained, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties payable on the importation thereof lie demanded or not, to cause the said goods, wares or merchandize respectively to he fairly and publickly sold to the bed advantage, and in case there shall be any overplus remaining from the produce of such sale after deducing the value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties payable on the importation thereof, and the charges nrifing from the warehousing and sale of such goods, to order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the officers of the revenue concerned in the view and examination of such goods, wares w merchandize as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty, and the other moiety, together with the amount of the value of the goods so afccr-'lained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum, and also of the duties payable on the importation thereof, shall be paid into the hands of the collector of the port within which such goods shall -have been fold for the benefit of his Majesty, but in case the produce of such sale, after deducing the charges arising from the warehousing, fc-curing and sale of such goods, shall not amount to so much as the value of such goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties payable on the importation thereof, that the whole

produce

The Fortieth Year of George III. :6

produce of the falc of such goods, after deducing the

A.D. 1800.

Chap. -;-g

taken at Tea.

charges arising from the warehousing, securing and falc thereof, shall be paid to tire collector of the port within which such goods shall have been so fold for the nfe of his Majesty.

C. And be it enacted, That no person shall be entitled to K:Tr'p:ur. an exemption from the payment of the additional duty of i,u! iis per cent, until, he shall perform such nets, and fubinit to ",i-such rules and regulations as shall be dirtied by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, or any three or more of them.

Cl. And whereas by an act made and puffed in this king- Recital of ;ioin in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of anVi'/c King diaries the second, entitled, An act for settling the "'’j A'jAj of poundage, ami granting a'julfidy of tonnage, anil nizens loiter i!.;rfilms of money unto hit royal Majesty, his heirs ami fuc~ c.prs, the same to he paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of this kingdom of Ireland, according W a book of rates hereunto annexed, it is amongst other things enacted, That if any goods or merchandizes aforesaid, of any merchant being born denizen of this realm of.

Ireland, or any other his Majesty's dominions hath been, or at any time hereafter shall be taken by any enemies or pirates upon the sea, or perish in any ship or ships that shall happen to be taken or perifiied, whereof the subsidies and other duties are or shall be duly paid or agreed for, and that duly proved before the lord treasurer of Ireland, or the chief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer for the rime bring, by the examination of the fame merchants if they be alive, or of their executors or administr.iton if they be dead, or by two credible witnesses at the lead sworn, or other reasonable witness or proof sworn, that the fame merchant or merchants, his or their executors or administrators shall and may ncivly ship in the fame port where the goods and merchandizes aforesaid were or shall be a ecu domed, so much

other goods and merchandizes as the fame goods and mer-chindizes so loft as aforesaid shall amount unto in custom without paying of any thing for the fame, so as the fame proof be recorded and allowed of in the court of exchequer, and certified unto the collector of the customs of the port 7 D z where

568 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

where the fame goods and merchandizes are to be newly Clipped

1800. without the custom as aforesaid.

Chap.- 43. CII. And whereas by reason the proof by the said receited act

How proof required being thereby appointed to be made before the lord trea-fa^aftM^be i"urer b'Aand, or the chief baron of the said exchequer in the made in such manner directed by the said act great inconveniencies arise to mer-

hercaster be chants entitled to the benent of the said receited act, for remedy m<1'> whereof be it enacted, That if the proof required by the said receited act, shall be made before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, or before any judge of assize upon his circuit in this kingdom, who are respectively hereby directed and empowered to receive such proof, that in case the person or persons so mating, or causing such proof to be made, and who shall perform all the other requilites by the said receited act directed, shall be entitled to the benefit intended by the salt! aft, as fully as if such proof had been made before the lord treasurer of Ireland, or chief baron of the exchequer.

ConJa CIII. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares, merchandizes, nnfhlpped and commodities, coming in or going out from, or to any part or without per- place beyond the seas, oransportor haven of this realm that shall quihtcflTialt be unshipped or shipped off at any time before due entry of the fame tic forfeited. mac]e or t)ie warrant, or tile license had and obtained from the officer of excise in the port where such goods shall lie unshipped, landed or shipped off, for doing thereof shall be forfeited.

Duty to be CIV, And whereas in many cases the vessels or packages which ing'toal1« contam goods and merchandizes that are unrated in their value, of goods. are of as great or greater value than the goods they contain; lie it enacted, That in all cases where- such vessels or packages arc of real value, the value thereof shall in every valuation be added to the value of the goods, and pay duty accordingly.

Duty of CV. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares, and mer-S"" of obandizes, which shall be laved out of any vessel or ship that shall flooded; See. happen to be forced on (bore, or llranded on the coalt of this kingdom, not being wrecked goods, jetfom, flotsam, cr lagan, shall be entered with the proper officer, as if the said goods were regularly imported, and after charges of salvage, and other charges paid as aforesaid, be subject to the payment of the like aidoms and duties, and the owners be entitled to such drawbacks on exportation, and the like allowances and abatements as such goods and merchandizes would be liable unto, or the owners be entitled to have in case the fame were regularly imported.

C.VI. And be it enacted, That in case any cutter, lugger, ilnl-lop, wherry, Hoop, knack, or yawl, belonging in the whole, or 5

The Fortieth Year of George III. 563

in part to any of his Majesty's subjects, and all vessels be-

A.D. 1800.

longing as aforesaid, of any other description, whole bottoms are r8oo.

clench work, having a bowsprit which shall exceed in length more than two thirds of the length of such cutter, lugger, shall op, Length of

wherry, Hoop, smack, yawl, or other vessel, from the fore part of vesselswith'

het Hem to the after fiJe of her Hern poll aloft, whether the fame

shall be fitted with a Handing or running bowsprit, and all vessels armed veflilr,

belonging as aforelaul, the length of which shall be greater than

in die proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth,

and all fltips or vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed for reftftance,

otherwise than as is herein after excepted, which shall be found

within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within

four leagues of the coast thereof, shall be forfeited, together with

all the goods, if any, which shall be laden therein, and all her

guns, tackle, ammunition, and furniture; provided that nothing

herein contained fluff extend, or be construed to extend to prevent any ship or vessel from having on board two carriage guns, of a

calibre not exceeding four pounds, and small arms not exceeding

two innlkcts for every ten men.

CVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Not 10 ex. ail shall extend, or be construed to extend to any ship or vessel on a voyage from any part of America, or the East or West Indies, fc'jjwd.M to or Africa, or the island of Madeira, or the Mediterranean, so as to subject the same to forfeiture on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty's navy, victualling, ordnance, customs, excise, or pod-office, on account of her built, or for having on board arms or ammunition, nor to any vessel, the owner of which shall have a license as herein described and directed for navigating the fame, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, or from the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, or any person authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of her built, or for having on board- such arme or ammunition as (he shall or may be licensed to have as herein after mentioned, nor to any lighters or barges tiled solely in rivers or inland navigation. Nor 10 light-nor to any ships or vessels which shall have on board any arms hun'c^'l" or ammunition, which shall have been regularly entered and &c cleared at any custom-house in any of his Majesty's dominions as merchandize, or for the use of his Majesty's stores or garrisons, and arc regularly flowed in the hold of such

Vol. XX. 7 F. vessels

The Fortieth Year of George' HI.

vessels, 6: are put on board for the necefllirv use or defence of such vessels, by license from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, or by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any person authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of such arms and ammunition, tiofccfor CVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no fee, giftednga'rms gratuity, or reward, shall be demanded or received for any onboard,&c. [|cense for registering the same.

CIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the owner of every ship or vessel which shall be licensed as herein mentioned, shall before such ship or vessel fails out of any port, harbour, or creek, in this kingdom, bring such license, Licenses or cause the same to be brought to the collector or other

for such arms

to be brought proper officer of his Majesty's revenue for the port, harbour, andregistertll or creek from which such ship or vessel is about to fail, by them. which said collector or other proper officer of his Majesty's revenue is hereby required duly to register the fame, and every such owner shall also produce the same to the collector or other proper officer of his Majesty's revenue, of any port, harbour, and creek, at which he shall arrive, belptciticdfii CX. And be it enacted, That every such license shall licenses. specify the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and describe whether ;(he is a cutter, lugger, shallop, (loop, smack, wherry, or yawl, and of what fort of built (he is, and who it or are the owner or owners thereof, and what quantity and number, and what species of arms and ammunition (he is ' licensed to take and have on board, and the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall also give sufficient security by £ivby'°bC'bond to his Majesty in double the value of such ship or whers of such vessel, to be approved of by such collector or other proper

vessels, condi-

tioned as officer of the revenue, with condition that the raid liiip or vessel shall not be employed in the importation or landing of any tea or foreign spirituous liquors, or any goods prohibited or hereafter to be -prohibited, or any other goods contrary to any act offorce in this kingdom, or hereafter to be enabled, or in the exportation of any goods which are, or from time to time may be prohibited to be exported from this kingdom, , or in the -felanding, contrary to -law, of any goods which

are entered outwards 'for exportation for any drawback or

bounty,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

bounty, or which are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in this kingdom, on failure whereof, or . any part whereof, such license shall be void, and of no force or effc3, and such ship or vessel shall be liable to seizure and prosecution, in the same manner as if no such license had been granted.

CXI. And in order to ascertain the tonnage or burden of all fiiips or vessels, be it enacted, That in all cases where it shall be requisite by law to ascertain the tonnage or burden of any ship or vessel, the rule for admeasuring such ships or vessels shall be as follows , that is to say, the length shall be taken on a straight line along the rabbit of the keel of the ship, from the back of the main stern port, io a perpendicular line from the fore part of the main stern under the boltfprit, from which fubtrafting three-fifths of the breadth, the remainder shall be esteemed the just length of the keel to find the tonnage; and the breadth shall be taken from the outside of the outside plank in the broadest part of th,c ship, be it either above or below the main whales, exclusive of all doubling planks that may be wrought upon the Tides of the ship; then multiplying the length of the keel by the breadth so taken, j:u! that product by half the breadth, and dividing the whole by ninety-four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage, according to which rule the tonnage of all futfh ships and vessels shall be measured and ascertained.

CXII. And be it enacted, That if any boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, rowing, or made or built to row with more than fix oars, shall be found upon the water, or in any barge-house, work-house, (lied, or other place within any port, haven, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coafi: thereof, such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, and the value thereof, shall he forfeited, and shall be fei/.ed by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and after the seizure ami condemnation of Inch boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, the principal officers of his Majesty's revenue in the port or place where such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, shall be lo condemned, are hereby directed to cause such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, to be burned and wholly destroyed; provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to any barge or galley in the service of his Majesty's revenue, or to any long boat, yawl, or pinnace, belong-7 E 2 ing

Rule for. admeaitiring (hiptorvcftcU.

All boVit &e. trade to row with mare than 6 on# shall be forfeited, and the value thereof, and shall be destroyed.

Not to extend to boate herein deferred.

tjji The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1ng to and used in the service of any merchant ship or vessel, or 1806. to such boat, wherry, pinnace, barge, or galley, as shall be li-Chap. 43. by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of them, or by such person as the said commissioners, or any three of them, shall appoint for that purpose, which license x shall be granted without any fee or charge, provided that no such license shall be granted but upon sufficient security to be given to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the owner or owners of such boat, wherry, pinnace, or galley, by bond, in such penalty as the said chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall find to be reasonable, with condition that the fame, shall not be made use of in the running any goods whatsoever into this kingdom, or in the relanding of any goods to be shipped in this kingdom, on debenture, which security the said chief commissioners are hereby empowered and required to take, for the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

Names of CXIII. And be it enacted, That the owner of all gab-not required bards, boats, wherries and other vessels, not required by cd hfalfbc^" law to be registered, belonging to any port or place in this herein^33 kingdom, shall paint, or cause to be painted, in white or yellow Roman letters, of length not less than three inches upon a black ground on some conspicuous part of the stem ' of such- gabbard, boat, or other vessel, provided there shall be sufficient space for that purpose, but if not, then in letters as large as the space will admit, the name of such gab-bard or boat, the name of the port or place to which Ihe belongs, and the name and surname of the owner or owners of such gabbard or boat, and in default thereof, such gabbard or boat, with all her tackle and furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

Matters of CXIV. And be it enacted, That the matter of every hftttiatta^-1" or v«flel arriving at any port, harbour or creek in this fwer questions kingdom, or going outwards from any port, harbour, or

on oath, anil 0

produce pa- creek in this kingdom in ballafl, shall, if called upon by *3.^ the collector, or other proper officer of his Majesty's revenue, make a just and true report of such ship or vessel both inwards and outwards, and answer upon oath to such ques-tions relative to the voyage and navigation of such ship or vessel as shall be put to him by the collector, or other proper officer of his Majesty's revenue at the port, harbour, or

crcck

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

creek where he shall arrive, or from whence he shall and shall if required by such officer, produce the ships yuytis under the penalty of forfeiting one hundred pounds for every neglect, omission or refusal so todo; provided always that no master or other person having the charge or ing fucti re-command of any ship or vessel in ballast making a report as F°1>S' above required, shall in respect thereof be liable to the payment of any fees other than such as such ship or vessel was subject to previous to the passing this act.

CXV. And be it enacted, That where the master of any ship or vessel shall report any bales or other packages of goods for exportation in the fame ship or vessel in which they were imported, it shall be lawful for any officer of his mar

Majesty's revenue to open such bales and packages on board pond infanu-such ship or vessel so reported, to examine the contents thereof, or to bring them on shore to his Majesty's warehouse puiicJ-at the custom-houfb for the port where such report is made; and in case it shall appear on such examination that such bales or packages shall contain any goods which are prohibited to be imported, or are liable to forfeiture on being imported into this kingdom by any law now of force, or which shall hereafter be enabled, all such goods, and the packages thereof, shall be forfeited; and in case such goods shall not be prohibited, the same shall be charged with the duties due and payable thereon, and shall not be permitted tube exported or delivered for that purpose before the legal cutics are regularly paid for the same, without the particular leave and directions of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, or the collector of the port where such goods arc put on shore, and all goods tound on board any ship or vessel, which the master shall have omitted to (pacify in his report, shall be forfeited.

CXVI. And whereas tile masters or other perl'ons taking charge of ships and vclills arriving in this kingdom, in order to avoid making an entry of their cargoes, and for the purpose of obtaining tiau lor more conveniently smuggling the fame, do often report the whole, or part of such cargoes not to be landed; be it aided, That whenever any mailer or other person taking charge d any ship or vessel arriving at any of the ports or harbours of Uc pAdj'-this kingdom, shall report to the proper officer of his Ma- iiu Vo i. XX. 7 F jesty’s

573

depart, A.D. ______ 1800.

Proof of bndmo f-icli

goniK, Hull not In- on Iits Majesty.

' Bonds not lo bo put in lu.'t after or.e year, nor if by

licensr.

Where

cargoes of fiiips coming from one port to another do not asjrce tvitli reports

they may be

ltized.

'The , Forthth Year of George III.

jetty's-revenue,- either’ the whole or part of the cargo of fitch ship or vessel not to be. landed in this -kingdom, it shall be lawful for the collector, or other chief officer of such port or harbour, to detain such ship or vessel, and such part of the cargo thereof, as shall be so reported not to -be landed, until such matter or other person taking charge of -such lliip; or vessel, shall execute a bond with two sureties, to be approved of by the collector, or other chief officer of the port where such ship or vessel Ihallarrive, to his Majesty, in double the amount of the duty, payable in this kingdom on such cargo, or part of such cargo, which bond shall contain a condition, that such-cargo, or such part thereof as -aforesaid, (half cot be landed in this kingdom.

CXVII. And be it enacted, That in.case such bond shall be put in suit, ike proof that such goods were landed ir. this kingdom shall not lie on his Majesty, his heirs or successors, hut such. goods shall be deemed to have been landed, unless prorf shall be made of the place at which the fame were landed or put on shore, not being within this kingdom; provided always, That tio such bond shall be put in suit a; any time-beyond one year, from the time of its execution-, nor in case such goods shall have been landed by license from the collector, or other proper officer of the port, where such report lin'd have been made as aforesaid.

CXVIil. And be it enacted, That whenever any lliip or vessel arriving at any port or harbour of this kingdom, ar.! the mutter or person taking charge of such ship or vessel, having there reported to the proper officer, cither the whole, or any part of the cargo of such ship or vessel, not to be landed in this kingdom, a.nl having departed fro-.n such put

or harbour, shall arrive in any other port or harbour in this kingdom, it shall be lawful for the collector, or other proper officer of fuel) pirt or harbour, to examine ihe Ihte of the ca go of such ship or veil'd; and if such cargo lliill

not agree with the rcpirl and invoice of the mailer or other person, made to the collector, or other proper officer of the port cu* harbour where such ship or veil'd did tirlt aniw, every such ship or vdld, together with her cargo, shall be forfeited, ami shall and may be fei/.-cd by any officer of his Majesty's revenue,

unless it dull appear that I’udi disagree-.neut was cauled by univoid-able necessity.

CXIX. Anti

The Fortieth Year of George III. 575

CXIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any part of the cargo A.D. of any ship or vessel chafed by any vessel in the service of the cuf- tSoo. toms or excise, or by any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty's ^iaP' 43* navy, has been thrown over board, during i'ueh chafe, whether Ships, &c. within or without the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within or beyond four leagues of the shore thereof, in every such case, panofear-l'u Ji ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition Um»v« over-anil apparel, shall be forfeited, together with the remaining part of such cargo. navy or rove-

CXX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any "yjon^but nerfen or persons to enter on board any halt India or Chinese ship offici:'s1

‘ % go on h;urd

homeward-bound, except the King s officers, whole duty obliges Euil i-niia or them to go on board such ship, or such other person or periods as j7a!

full receive a permit or license from the collector or other superior o-Iicer of the port or place where such ship shall lie, or be, under the penalty of five hundred pounds for every time such person or Pirl’ons shall go on hoard such ship without such license as afore-hid, am! if any goods shall be found open on board such ship, the Goods found fain; shall be taken account of, and nude up in proper packages, "j'y1 jiiited to the nature of Inch goods, by any officer or officers fta- toll VprV-fidnci! at the port or place where Inch ship shall he, which said 1

when so packed, ilia'll lie corded and settled with a lead,

’ith the King’s arms thereon, and an account of all such goods i'j packed up, corded and sealed as aforesaid, Jliai! he transiniited 10 the commissioners or coliccior of the cullonis in the port of London, and also to the chairman of the court of directors of the united company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the l'ail In lies.

C.XX1. And be it enacted, That every boater veflil carrying Eoaijcar-persons to l'r.ch ship or ships shall he licciifeii as ai'orelaid, ami that to'H'ijip" every boat orwcflel carrying persons to such ship or ships without il'a'I Un li-i’ticli liceule shall he forfeited, and that it shall and may he lawful to and for any revenue officer (lalinncd oir hoard Inch illip or lliips, and they are hereby required to prevent any person or persons from going on hoard the lame, imlcls he, flic, or they produce fiidi license; and that if any person or persons shall refill or ob-Rruct such officer in doing his duly as aforesaid, such person or strums (kail forfeit the him ot five hundred pounds, and if any tool, penalty puion or persons whatsoever, shall, in any case forge or counter-l.;t any Iue! 1 license or permit as is herein before mentioned, or ","l loc;l-

111 if l*»r '0,£,nt> A

th,ii> knowingly use or employ any in 'll lorged or coimurfeited li-Kiiie or permit, he, (lie, or they dull forfeit the Cum of one ihottlaml pounds for every Inch offence.

7 l7 2

57<S The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

CXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to im-

1800. port any brandy, rum, or other spirits, or any teas, wines, or coffeCj without special license from the commissioners of the revenue, or some officer properly authorized by them for the purpose of In wirat granting such license at or into any place or port in this kingdom, ^ave such places or ports where tobacco may by law be im-coITm may be ported, and the ports of the shire towns of counties, and the imported. pQrt of NewRofs, being situated within- the harbour of Waterford, and the port of Youghal, and if any ffiip or vessel shall be found within the limits of any other port or haven, or creek within this kingdom, having brandy, rum, or other spirits, or any teas, wines, or coffee on board in any packages whatsoever, without a coast cocket for such goods, or without a license as aforesaid, having been previously obtained, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and in case of unavoidable necelfity and distress, of which necessity and distress the matter, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such Pnip or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ffiip or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue resident at the nearest port, where such ship or vessel shall arrive, such ffiip or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also the said brandy, rum, or other spirits, teas, wines, or coffee, shall be forfeited; provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful 0 have so much tea, brandy, rum, or other spirits, for the life of the seamen then belonging to, and on board such ffiip or vessel, as shall not exceed in quantity two gallons of spirits, and one pound of tea for every seaman.

Where to- CXXII!. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful

Hceo nriv be,

imported/ to import any tobacco at any port or place in thn kingibm, five and except the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dund.dk, Newry, Belfast, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Youghal, Waters >rd, and Wexford; and if any ship or vessel shall be found within the limits of any port, haven,

or creek within this kingdom, having tobacco on board in any packages whatsoever, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and distress the master, purler, or other person having, or taking the charge or command

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of such ship or vessel, shall, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and make proof before the colieflor or other chief officer of the revenue resident at the nearest port where such ship or vessel shall arrive, such ship or Aveflel with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also the tobacco on board, shall be forfeited.

CXXIV.- And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Office may officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue to go on board any ccculslanj (iiip or vessel being in any port or harbour, or within four leagues <'ct.,i.:uro of the coat! of this, kingdom, and to demand from the mailer, com-- L.in! ,my mander or other perl'on having charge of such ship or veil'd, the vtlul' cockct granted for any debenture goods on board such ship on veil'd, and if on examination of the debenture goods then on board, the said officer or officers shall find that such goods on board are less in quantity than, or different in quality from, the goods specified in liich cocketfo produced, in such case the whole of such goods so entered outwards, and so found on board such veil'd, together with the ship or vessel on board of which such goods shall be found, shall he forfeited; and in case such goods as shall have been so shipped on debenture as aforesaid, shall not be found on board such ship or veil'd, such ship or-vessel shall in like manner be forfeited; snd in case the mailer, commander or other perl'on having charge of any such vessel, shall refuse or negleift to produce such coeket on such demand, all goods on board such ship or vessel, together with the ship or vessel, shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers in any of the cases aforesaid, to liize such vessel, and the . goods found on board the lame reflectively, as the case may be.

CXXV. And be it enacted, That from the lime any goods, OHi c.-, wares or merchandize, or any corn or grain, or any meal, malt, or flour shall be begun to be shipped, or put on board any ship or vessel to be carried forth to open Tea, or from any port, iliamiiVc, creek or member of this kingdom, to be landed at any port SlX:*'’ or place in this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and '1'J-for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's customs or excise, or any one of them, or for the collector, or in his absence the chief officer of the port where such goods, wares or merchandize, corn or grain, meal, malt or'flonr shall be so put on board such ship or vessel, to place one or two officers on board such ship or vessel, there to remain during such voyage, and until all the said goods, wares or mcr-Vol. XX. 7 G -diandize,

r

78

A.D. 1800.

i8co-Chan, a

ExcIfcaMe

good;, taken from one ship

to nnolhcr at

fid.

The Fortieth Year of George III. chandize, corn or grain, meal, malt or -flour shall be duty landed, and the said vessel cleared out, or for such time 5; in their discretion shall seem fit, and that the mailer or other person having the charge or command of such ship ci vessel, shall provide such officer or officers with beds or hammocks to rest or f.cep in under the deck of such ship or vef. fel, and shall provide such officer or officers with sufficient food during the whole of such voyage, or for such time as he shall he directed to remain on board, and shall land such officer or officers at the port or place for which such ship or vessel shall have cleared out, if so directed; and if any such rr.aficr or other person having the command of such ship or vessel, shall neglect or refuse to supply such officer or officers with boats and food in manner aforesaid, or- shall not land such cff.ccr at such place, he shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

CXXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any exciseaUe goods, wares or merchandize shall be unshipped or taken in at sea, or out of any ship or vessel in order to be landed or put into any other veful, drip or boat within the limits of any port of this kingdom, without first paying or securing according to law the customs and other duties payable for the fame, the master or other person having charge of such ship, boat or other vessel into which any such goods, wares or merchandizes shall be taken or put as aforesaid, shall forfeit treble the value of such goods, warts or merchandize, unless in case of unavoidable distress or neceflily, of which the matter or other person having charge of such ttiip, boat or other vessel shall immediately give notice in writing, and make proof of before the chief officer or officers of the revenue in the first port in this kingdom where he shall arrive, and (he matter, purser or other person taking charge of tire ship or vessel out of which such goods shall be taken at sea, unless in case of necessity as aforesaid, shall also forfeit tre! lc the value of such goods so unshipped, one moiety of which forfeiture to be for the use of his Majesty, and the other moictV to such person or perfoilS who shall inform or fuc for the fame in such manner as is herein mentioned.

CXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any goods, wares or merchandize whatsoever shall be put on board any ttiip or

vessel

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

vessel to be carried forth to the open fca from any one port, A. L).

creek or member of this kingdom to be landed at any other '^co.

place in this kingdom, without a fuftcrance or warrant (h-ft had and obtained from the proper officer of the - port where K'> fuel) goods shall be shipped or put on board, all such Roods, p, i io'.!'1’ waves and merchandize shall be forfeited, and the master of every such ship or vessel who shall take in any goods, wares «itk-or merchandize in any port, creek or member in this kin g- out. elrnn to be landed and discharged in some other port, creek or member thereof, shall, before the ship or vessel be removed from the port or place where he shall take in his lading, take out a cocket or cockets, and become bound to his Ma-iifly with sufficient surety in the value of the goods, wares and merchandize so laden or taken on board such ship or vessel conditioned for the delivery and discharge thereof in the port or place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, or in foine other port or place within this kingdom, the dangers and accidents of the seas excepted, and to return a certificate within two months after the date of such cockct nr cockets, under the hand and seal of the proper officer of the port where the same shall be landed and discharged, Ui tliC collector or other chief officer of the port in which such goods shall have been put on board, that such goods, wares and merchandize were landed and discharged at the port or place for which the same shall have been entered, or at some other place within this kingdom; and in case any foci) person as aforesaid shall omit or neglect to lake out such cockct, and become bound as aforesaid, such person so ne-jtkflingor omitting shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling.

CXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any tobacco, or N.> other foreign goods or merchandize, shall be shipped on hoard any coasting vessel in parts beyond the feus, or out of any (liip or vessel at sea, or any port or place- of this kingdom, «i>=v filter than the port or place from whence fuel) ship or vessel .'lull have obtained a* cocket, or if any such coasting drip or 'c(Tfl shall leave any port or harbour from whence he (h.dl love so obtained a cocket as aforesaid, not having on board til such goads as shall be mentioned in such cocket, or having fa board goods not mentioned in the fain cocket, then and n every such case such (liip or vessel, with all her tackle,

:58a - The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. '.furniture and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the Mailer of 1 £'00. such ship or vessel -shall forfeit the sum of one hundred ' 2^-. pounds.

‘ t - CXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any goods, wares, or

cominfena'a- merchandizes brought, or coming into any port, haven, or creek within this kingdom, from ajiy other port, haven, or sockets are creek within the -fame, by coa-ft cocket, traniire, -lct-pais,

oScm-, and or -certificate, in {hips or- vessels, shall be landed or put on uiocd'tli0b" ' ^’ore before such cocket, transirev let-pass, or certificate i shall be delivered to the proper officer or officers of the port,

; and awarrantor futTerauce made and given by such officer or officers for the landing and-discharging thereof, or if tire goods, wares, and merchandize, do not agree with fiidi -cocket, traniire, let-pass or certificate, the mailer, purfrr, boatfivain, or other mariner taking charge of such Iliip.or veil'd, out of which the goods shall be landed or put on Uwre, consenting thereunto, shall forfeit the value of the goods so unshipped, and the goods so unffiipped may be detained by any officer of the revenue, till the value thereof be afrer-tained, and if any goods of foreign growth, pr-'riuflion, or manufacture coming coaflways as aforesaid, shall be landed without the presence of an officer of the customs or excite, such'foreign goods, or the value therepf, ill a 11 be forfeited.

CXXX. And be it. enabled, That - if any mailer or rmn-mander of any ship, vessel, or boat, appointed or employed Ordinarily for the carriage of letters and packets, shall, unless it be-in fuel) cases as shall be allowed by the commissioners of his Majt fly’s revenue of excise in this kingdom, knowingly import or export, or cause to be imported or exported in such ship, vessel, or boat, any goods or merchandizes Je-signed for lale into or out of this kingdom, such mailer or commander shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with the value of such goods and merchandize lb exported, .-and all such goods and merchandize so imported shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

CXXXI. And be it enacted, That where any goods excisable shall be unshipped or landed out of any vessel nr boat, not exceeding the burden of twenty-jive tons, not being in leak or wreck before due entry made of such - vessel or boat, and of all such.goods at the custom-house, or place allowed

No goods shall be exported or imported ill packet boat'-without

leave of coiiimiflron-ers of revc*

‘ Unking t,r landing jroods before

Penalty on

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

for lauding, where such vessel or boat shall happen to unftiip or unlade, or at unlawful hours, or without the knowledge, privity, and consent of the proper officer or officers who thall have attended the unlading of such goods, all such vessels and boats, together within their tackle and furuiture, shall be forfeited.

CXXXII. And the more effectually to prevent the clandef-tine importation of tea, be it enacted, That a penalty of twelve (killings per pound for green, and nine shillings per pound for bohea tea, over and above all other penalties alrea- knowingly, dy inflicted by law, shall be, and are hereby laid and imposed on every hawker, retailer, or grocer, in whose custody tea clandestinely imported shall be found, and also on all '

and every other person and persons in whose custody teaim-poried as aforesaid shall be found, knowing the same to be smuggled, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the other moiety to the use of the seizing officer or informer.

CXXXIII. And for the more effectual preventing of running of brandy and other foreign spirits and tobacco, be it duty of of ~ enacted That it shall be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue to enter in the day time into the (hop, house, out- tobacco are house, room, or ware-house, of any shop-keeper or other person that shall fell brandy or other foreign spirits or tobacco by retail, and take an account from time to time of all such spirits and tobacco as shall be found in his or their possession, (hop, house, out-house, or ware-house, and to make a just return thereof, signed under his or their hand or hands, in - such manner as accounts are directed to be taken, and returns made of Aqua Vitae or strong waters, belonging to any vintner, distiller, inn-keeper, or ale-house-keeper, in and by an act made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of King Charles the second, entitled, an act for settling the exetfe or new impojt, upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rales therein inf rl, d; Provided that deemed no person shall be deemed a retailer of tobacco or brandy, or Other foreign spirits, within this act, but such as fell brandy riuorto. or other foreign spirits, in quantities under one gallon, and tobacco under the quantity of four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight.

582 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any such ffiop-keep-1800. erj or other person felling foreign spirits or tobacco by re-tail, shall binder any such officer of his Majesty's revenue, Psoplty for. to gjster into his or their (hop, store-house, room, out-house,

fr.iulenng of-

fleers. or other places belonging to him- or them, and to take an account from time to time, of all such spirits and tobacco, "in' his or their possession, he or they so hindering, shall forfeit- the sum of fifty pounds*.

CXXXV. And whereas by an act passed in this kingdom, Recital of /- n t n

fltipping and in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign,

"a entitled, an act for the further eiicrease and encouragement of flipping and navigation, it is amongst other things ensiled, That if upon the arrival of any ffiip or vessel in any port or place to which flie shall belong, the master or other perfori -having or taking the charge or command of such ffiip or vessel, and one or more-of the owners thereof, shall make -proof to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue upon oath, or in case of a quaker upon solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said commissionerr, or any of them, is thereby authorized and-required to administer, of the loss of the certificate of registry granted to such ffiip or vessel, and upon security being entered into pursuant to the said act, the said commissioners are requited in such case, to authorize the proper officer of the port to which such ffiip or vessel belongs, to register the said ship or vessel de novo, and to grant a certificate of registry according to the regulations, and -in the manner and form prescribed by the said act.

CXXXVI. And whereas great inconveniencies arise to the mailers and owners of ffiips or vessels belonging to the out ports of this kingdom, in cases where the certificates of registry of such ships or vessels are loft, by their being obliged to come to Dublin, to take the oath or affirmation tncoiivcm- above mentioned, before one of the commissioners of his cm of win- Majesty's revenue; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That 1'ftake 1 be it shall anfl may be lawful, to and for the said commissioners certificates of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, by regilky are commission under their hands and Teals, from time to rime,

lolt comum-

(toners may be to authorize and empower such person or persons as they adSlter10 Ihah think fit, in the several out ports in this kingdom, to be such oath m commissioners administer the oath or affirmation herein

out port?.

before

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

before mentioned, and all such oaths or affirmations admi-

583

A.D. 1800.

niflered by such person or persons empowered as aforesaid, r/^00', shall respectively be of the fame effefl, as if made in the manner prescribed by the said act.

CXXXVII. And for better preventing frauds in re-landr Requifitcs

1 . , tobcperfurm-

ing in this kingdom any goods which shall be entitled to a dbc'ore drawback or bounty on exportation from hence to Great Britain, be it enacted, That no drawback or bounty shall be F’od’

cd to 6. B-t.

allowed or paid for any goods exported or entered for expor- tainis paid, tation from this kingdom to Great Britain, except for goods which shall have periffied at sea, or shall have been taken by an enemy or pirate, and which shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or 3ny three or more of them, so to have periffied, or been taken, until a certificate shall be produced, under the hands and seals of office of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs for the port where such goods shall be landed in Great Britain, testifying the landing thereof , which certificate shall also express the exact weight, measure, or quantity of the goods so landed, with the number and marks of the calks, bales, or other packages, in which such goods shall be contained.

CXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall

Requires to be perform*

be paid on the exportation of any goods intended to be ex- ^before

1 tt 1 . ^rjtvback on

ported and declared for exportation, for any other country ^ooda export* llian Great Britain, unless the exporter, merchant, or person cnLtry having the dircOion of the voyage, shall, in order to ob- ll,an.G-

it, , tain i» pant.

(am a drawback on such goods, make affidavit upon the debenture paper, that he is the real owner, exporter, merchant or person having the direiflion of the voyage, and that the goods are really intended to be exported to the port or place mentioned in the entry thereof and to no other, and that no part thereof has been relanded, or is intended to be re-landed in any part of this kingdom, nor landed nor intended to be landed in Great Britain, or the Me of Man, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro, nor to be transfiipped or put on board any ship or veil'd, unless in case of real distress to save such goods from perishing, and the mailer or person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel on board which such goods shall be entered for exportation, shall make affidavit on the debenture paper that he is the mnficror person having the charge or command of such ship or veil'd, and 7 IT 2 that

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

that to the belt of his knowledge and belief neither such goods, nor any part thereof have been relanded, and that he will not fufter the fame or any part thereof to be relanded in this kingdom, nor to be landed in Great Britain, or in the Islands of Man, Faro, Ferro, nor to be transhipped or put on board any ship or vessel, unless in case of real distress to save such goods from perishing.

Pcm!n for ' CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That in case the master of such ship or veful shall permit or suffer such goods to be reloaded, unless in case of real distress to save the said goods from perilling, of which distress the matter having the charge of such ship or vessel out of which such goods shall be relauded, shall immediately give notice in writing to and make proof of before the chief officer of the port or place where such goods shall be nmshipped, the said goods shall be forfeited, and the matter of the said ship or vessel, and also the owner of such goods shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

Srcuri'vto CXL. And be it enacted, That no person or persons ke entitled to any bounty or drawback upon the expo-n.iltiiJraw- tation of any goods or merchandize from this kingdom, until the person exporting the fame, together with two sufficient furetjes shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors in double the value of such goods and merchandize, conditioned that such goods or merchandize so intended to be exported, or any part thereof, shall not be- landed again in any port or place within this kingdom, or the illes of Man, Faro or Ferro, unless in case of distress.

CXLI. And in order to encourage the refining of sugars IhllbcI"?" >a this kingdom, be it enacted, That no bounty shall be al-PortcjJ f" lowed upon any sugars which shall be refined therein, and be exported from thence, unless the same shall be exported in the loaf complete and whole being net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays since it was last in the pan, and shall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stove according to the present practice of refining, nor upon such refined sugar called bastard, or ground pow'dcred refined sugar, or refined loaf sugar, broken in pieces, unless the fime shall have been twice clayed,

and

Sugar shall be forfeited.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ami properly dried in the (love, nor upon any candy, ur.less properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt or feum.

CXLII. And be it enacted, That if any refined sugars, commonly called lumps, being in loaves, shall have gone through the operation of three clays at lead, since they were last in the pan, pl.t;, and shall be net, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the (love, in the manner herein before directed, though such loaves be exported without the small ends or tips, they shall be deemed complete and whole within the true intent and meaning of this act, and the exporter or exporters of t’ne'fame shall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

CXLIII. And be it enacted, That ifthe proper officers of the revenue shall, upon view or examination, either before or after shipping, find any ftigar or candy ’which shall be entered for exportation, in order’to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to he lei's in quantity than expressed fin the exporter’s endorsement, or entered under a wrong denomination; or if such sugars shall not he respectively refined, in the manner before directed, or if such cindy be not properly-refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt or feum, all such sugars or candy shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers'of the revenue, anil sited for and recovered as herein directed.

CXLIV. And be it enacted, That before any drawback or Ouhtobc bounty shall be paid for tiny of the sugars or candy herein before Iw X h« mentioned, being of the manufacture of this kingdom, -or any debentures made out for the fame, - the refiner or refiners not being the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy, shall make an oath, or if a quaker an affirmation, before the -collector or other proper officer of the port from whence such sugars and candy shall tie exported, which oath or affirmation such -collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, of the following' import; that is to say, that he, (lie or they, fold such sugars or candy, expressing the quantity and time when fold, the perl'on or persons intending to export the fame, and that such fu» gars have respectively gone through the operations herein before expressed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the (love, or that such candy has been properly refined or manufactured; according to the true intent and meaning of Ibis act, and that he, she, or they verily believes or believe Uirh sugars or candy were prodoeed from brown or muscovado sugars, of the growth or produCl of his Majesty's planta--Vcl. XX. 7 I tions

686

A.D. 1800.

i Sac.

Other re-quifites to be performed before bounty i» paid.

"Kfqnifitcs to be performed on nr. rival of sugars from British . plantations-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

tion-s in America, -or the West Indies, add - imported from thence,- or from Great Britain, and that the ftvsral duties payable thereon vrcrc-dujypaid and the exporter or expot-

ter3 of- such’sugars or' candy,'shall "then make oath, or if a quaker,- an affirmation,-before-such. collector, or other pro-

per officer-as aforesaid; which oath or affirmation such collector or-other -proper officer,' is hereby authorized and rii-

reded to administer, 'that- such -sugars or candy,-for which such' bounty or dray:back is then claimed, - are the1 identical

sugars or candy,-or part thereof, which were sold to him or them as aforesaid,' by such refiner or refiners -, and' before: the money due upon- such debenture or debentures 'shall'tc: paid,- such exporter or exporters shall make oath or affirmation in 'the manner herein before--directed, that such sugara

or candy have been duly exported; and the searcher or other proper officer of the port respectively, from which such sugars or candy shall be exported, shall certify that the fame have been fairly shipped, ana all other requisites duly performed; and whenever1 the refiner or refiners of futh sugars or candy shall be-the exporter or exporters thereof, fuel; -exporter or exporters shall then make oath or affirmation in manner aforesaid, as well of the due exportation of the fame, as of the several particulars herein before directed to

b.e sworn to, by such exporter or exporters, excepting what relates to the sale of the said sugars or candy, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

CXLV. And be it enacted, That upon the arrival of any ship or vessel from any of the: British plantations in America, or the West Indies, with sugars on board, at the port of her discharge -in this kingdom,' the master or other person taking charge-of the ship or vessel, shall, at the time he makes his report of the cargo, deliver to the collector or other- chief'officer of the revenue, 'such certificate as is usually given,-or required to be given by the mailer of such ffiip loading in and to- fail from any of the said colonies to Great Britain, and make oath, which oath the collector or other chief officer of the revenue,-is hereby empowered and directed to administer, that the goods so exported are the fame that are mentioned in the said certificate, or in default thereof, shall forfeit one hundred pounds; ami that all sugars imported without such certificate, shall be deemed

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to be foreign sugars, and not of the growth, prod u cl, or ms nu failure of the.British ccionies, and shall -pay duty according!}’.

CXLVi. And be it eniufted, That ail clayed fr.gars fh:iII be deemed to be tMufcov.irio sugar within the meaning of this act, and shall pay duty and receive drawback as such, and be subjvit to the'like regulations in every respeil provided always, That if any sugar shall be imported into this kingdom, as being of the growth, produtt, or manufacture of any British colony or-plantath n in America or the West Indies, without being included in such certificate, and that it shall appear to the'satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue that such'fugats are really the product, growth, or manufacture of such British plantations or colony, and that no fraud was intended,-it "shall be lawful for the commissioners to permit such sugars to bcentcred upon payment of the like duties, -as the fame would be liable to-if they were attended with and included-in the certificate.

CXLVII. And whereas persons frequently import loaves of sugar broken into several pieces, as if such pieces were only of a quality fit to be. ground and powdered, 2nd afterwards sell the same as refined loaf sugar, to the injury of the trade-and revenue of this kingdom, be it enacted, That all refined sugars imported into this kingdom shall be considered as sugars imported in loaves, and be subject and liable to duty as such, unless the same shall have been ground or powdered. previous to their importation -into this kingdom.

CXLVIII. And be it enacted, That if any spirits shall be imported into this kingdom with which sugar, sugar candy, firrup, or other glutinous substance shall be mixed, such spirits so mixed shall be forfeited, together with the calks or vessels in which they shall be contained, and it shall be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue to fciie the same.

CXLIX. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall be showed upon the exportation of any brandy or other foreign fpiiits that shall be exported in calks or vessels containing Ms than fifty gallons each.

ClayeJ To-gars deemed Muscovado.

Scgr.r imported from British settle* ments without seeing included in c.erti/kate.

All refined fugrtrs shall be Confiileml as loaves, if not powdered before importation.

Spirits fm* ported mixed with sugar. See. shall be forfeited.

No draw, back on so. reign spirits in calks tinder 50 gallons.

€L. And

83 The Fortieth Year of George I'll.

A.D CL. And whereas, the cambrick manufactures of this i8co. kingdom have received great prejudice by- means of foreign cambricks and lawns fraudulently run into different parts of Foreign this kingdom, and' fold 'under the denomination of Britilli

cambricks or ° t

law«$ intro- or Irish cambricks and lawns, for the prevention of such frauds be it enacted, That-any person or persons who shall foec^and'jo] 'ntroc'uce 'nt0 any part of this kingdom any foreign carc-: bricks of lawns, and shall -denominate such foreign cam- bricks or lawns, or -assert' the same to -be- British or Iriflr cambricks or lawns, knowing the fame -to be foreign cambricks or lawns,- shall,' for -every such offence, over and above the forfeiture -of such foreign cambricks or-lawns,

forfeit the sum of fifty pounds,-one moiety1 thereof to be paid and applied to tire- use of the governor-and company for carrying on the cambrick manufacture- in Dundalk or -elsewhere in this kingdom,- and the other moiety to the informer or informers.

'gn CLI. And whereas it may tend to "the encouragement of

Tiops to be - D

warehous'd tllC growing -of'hops in this kingdom, -if foreign hops im-"tion^as'herein ported-into this kingdom -should .-not be -vended, except at -directci. ‘ such times as the middle price -of British-hops imported- into

-this kingdom shall exceed' the sum of nine pounds by the hundredweight; be it enacted, that all foreign hops imported into this- kingdom shall, upon the landing thereof, be lodged in the presence of the officer of the revenue, and; under the joint locks of his Majesty and the importer or proprietor, in such ware-house or -ware-houses to be provided at the expence of such importer or proprietor as Hull i be approved of say the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, -or by the collector or other chief

officer of the port where the same shall be imported, and the fame ffiaH not be delivered out of such ware-house or ware-houses, except for- exportation,- unless it shall appear

' to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, that the middle price of British hops-imported into this kingdom shall ha ve exceeded at the

time of landing such hops, or the delivery out thereof, the sum of nine pounds by the hundred weight; provided always, that the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall from time to time make enquiry,- and whenever it shall appear-to them, or any-three or-more of them, that the mid-

(Hc

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

die price of hops exceeds the Aim of nine pounds the hundred weight, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby required to give notice in the Dublin gazette, that the middle price of hops doth exceed the said sum of nine pounds the hundred weight, and it shall be lawful for three months after date and publication of such notice to fell all foreign hops without their being warehoused.

CLII. And be it enacted, That an allowance after the rate of ten .-pounds per centum shall be made for the weight of every hag or pocket in which hops, shall be imported during the time aforesaid for the tare of such bag or pocket, and also an allowance at the scale of eight pounds for draft of every package that shall contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight of tobacco, or more, and two pounds for every such package for nailage, which allowance on tobacco shall not be dedufled on exportation.

CLIII. And be it enacted, That no salt of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland shall be exported in any ship or vessel of Iefs burthen than one hundred tons, and in bulk only, and not in bags or sacks, and that on the exportation of any salt of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, the merchant) exporter, or owner thereof, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with sufficient sureties, in the sum of six shillings and eight-pence for every bushel of fjlt, reckoning fifty-six pounds to every buflici, that shall be shipped or put' on board such fltip or vessel, with condition, that the fame or nny part thereof shall not be landed in Great Britain, or the Jflc of Man, but that tijc fame shall really and truly he exported for other parts beyond the seas, and that a certificate of such salt being landed at, or in some foreign port, Great Britain and the Hie of Man excepted, shall be returned within the space of six calendar months, from the date of the said bond, under the seal of office of the chief magistrate, in any port or place beyond the seas, except as before excepted, or under the hand and seal of the British consul redding at such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such salt was there landed, and on return of such certificate, the said bond shall be void, and of no cffc£f,

Vol. XX, 7 K and

Commissioners to give notice in Dublin gt». zette when middle price of hops ex. ceeds9] . per cent, after which fort t^n hops may be sold for 3 months with* out being warehoused.

Allowances on weighing hops and tobacco.

Exportation of'felt.

59° The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and shall be delivered up without fee or reward to the ob'li-/-i g°rs, their executors or administrators, to be cancelled.

CLIV. And in order to prevent frauds being committed begua'urt0 persons shipping salt on board small vessels or boats, under lattj;oii!g pretence of carrying the fame from one port, creek or place

from one r

portofjrc- ,n Ireland, to some other port, creek or place in the lame 'kT.'ai.d'0' .^r,gdom, be it enacted, That no ship, vessel or boat laden, bends entered or partly laden with salt, with an intent to discharge or land the fame in some other port or place within this realm, shall be suffertd to depart from the port or place where (lie shall take in her lading, until the master, purser, or otiicr person ha ving charge of the said ship, vessel or boat, shall take and receive from the chief officer of the revenue of the fasti port, or his deputy, a coeket, under the hand of such officer, es-pressing the quantity of such salt as shall be so shipped to be carried coastways, and shall also enter into a bond to h-;s Majesty, his heirs and successors, with sufficient sureties ia the sum of (lx shillings and-eight-pence for every buffiel of salt, reckoning fifty-(is pounds to every buffiel, with condition that the fame salt shall be delivered and discharged in the port or [dace to which the said ship, boat or vessel shall be defiined, or in fotnc other port or place within this kingdom and not elsewhere, the danger of the seas cx-.icpted, and that such matter, purser or other person bavin.' charge of such ship, boat or vessel, shall return a certificate of the landing thereof, within three calendar months next ensuing the date of the said cocket, under the hands and seals of the collector, customer or comptroller of his Majsf-ty’s customs, his or their deputy or deputies, in' the port or place where fuels goods shall be landed or discharged, and from and after the return of such certificate such bonds

shall be void, and be delivered up without fee or reward to the respective obligors, their executors or administrators to be cancelled , provided always that it shall be lawful to ship as much salt as may be ne.cessary for the provision of the crew of fuels ship or vessel for their voyage, or for curing of sids; provided also that if fuels salt so to be exported or shipped, or to be carried coaffways, or any part thereof, shall perifit or be loft at fen, or shall be taken by enemies or pirates at fca, or shall be stranded, and that duly proved to lire fiitisfadlion of the chief commissioners of his Majesty’s

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

revenue for the time being, or any rbree or more' of them, the fiirl bonds shall thereupon be void and of no cffcifi and be delivered up without fee or reward to the respective obligors, their executors or administrators, to be cancelled CLV. And be it enacted, Tint all (alt brought on the coast of this kingdom, or within three leagues thereof, shall Icfabjcifl to the-like duty that such frit would he subject to if the fame was actually landed in this kingdom; and in case :r.y ship, vrffel or boat with salt on board, shall be on any prt of the roast of this kingdom, or within three leagues thereof, for the space of twenty-four hours, and shall not invoice the said salt and pay duty for the fame, then and in every such case all such salt shall be forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful, for any officer of the revenue to seize all such salt as shall be found on board such ship, vessel or boat, and to detain such ship, vessel or boat in which the salt shall be so found, until the said salt shall be unladen.

CLVI. And be it enacted, That no salt imported into this kingdom for any purpose avhatsoever, shall be landed or put on (bore, imlcl's the duty payable on the importation thereof shall have been I'aiil, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLVII. AiuI in order to encourage the fisheries of this kingdom, be it enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to every porl'on who shall proceed to ii(h on the courts of tills kingdom, and shall cure fish caught on the said coasts, inch futn as shall be equal to the duty of the quantity of salt used in curing such lith, and the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall, with all convenient fpced, form a schedule or table of the several lums in he paid in rel’pcdt of tile quantities of the several species of filll which, fiitill be mentioned in such schedule or table, as and for the duty of the quantities of salt used in curing the lame respctlively, and that i'o loon as such schedule or table shall be formed and signed by three of the said commissioners at lead, the several fmns which shall be mentioned and let forth in said schedule or table, as the allowance for the duly of the salt used in curing the re-fpcclive quantities of the several species of fish therein to be mentioned, shall be paid to the respective persons who shall have caught, cured and landed such fish in this kingdom, which payment shall be made by the cdlcdlor of the port in which such filll shall he landed, out of any monies in his hands not appropriated to any particular purpose. Provided 7 K 2 always,

S.,!i brought with, in 3 leagues. of coail lli -U be liable to duty, and if not entered in 24 hours f.uiU be forfeited.

Duty oa impoitati’un of salt shall be piid before it is landed.

Allowance

to be made to fishermen for salt used in curing litlt-

592 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A. I), always, That proof to the satisfaction of the said commis.

Cha °°'g ^oners Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of

them, shall be made of the quantity of sith caught, and that the fame was cured with salt made or imported into this kingdom.

Allowance of salt used in bleaching.

Export of - lamb skins and wool

In what case seal skins may be ini* purled free from duly*

CLVIII. Ee it enabled, That when any person flail make life of salt in the process of bleaching, such person shall be entitled to receive, and the collector of hi? MaHYs revenue in the district within which fitch Talt Ihnli have luen imported or made, shall repay to such person all duties as shall have been paid on the said salt, on his making it appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, by affidavit, or if a known qiiaker, by affirmation, that such salt had been made use of in the process of bleaching.

CLIX. And be it enacted, That all Iamb skins, and wool of lamb skins may be separately exported to Great Britain, and no Iamb skins, whether flink or fhnghtered, from which tire wool shall not have been taken shall he exported from this kingdom to any place whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof.

CLX. And be it enacted, That no' raw and undressed seal skins shall be exempted from duty on the importation thereof, on account of their being taken by the crews of vessels belonging to, or fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jcr.fey, Guernsey, or Man, unless the captain, or person-having the charge or command of the ship or vesse! Importing such seal skins, do make oath before, the collector, or other principal officer at the port of importation, who i; hereby required and authorized to administer the same, that the seal skins imported therein are really and kvia fuk the skins of seals taken and caught by the crew, or by persons employed by the tnafier or owner of such ship or vessel.

CLXI. And whereas frequent disputes do happen between the merchants and officers of the cuiloms, touching and concerning damaged wines, the fame depending for tit: moss part on the tafle thereof; and whereas such corrupt wines are highly prejudicial both to his Majesty's revenue and the health of his Majesty's subjects of this kingdom, for the effectual preventing thereof, be it enacted, That in case any merchant or other person shall , X find

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

find his wine, or any part thereof, in his judgment so damaged, corrupt,' or unmerchantable, as not to "be worth the duties, in such case such merchant shall have liberty immediately after the landing the said wines, to stave and spill the fame, in the presence of such officer or officers as shall be appointed for that purpose by the commissioners of his Majesty's excise, or any three or more of them, or the collector, or other chief officer of the port where the said wines shall be imported, and that the merchant so Having and fpil-ling, shall be repaid the whole duty paid by him for the fame, without any delay, charge, fee, or deduction, on any pretence whatsoever, and that in order to certify the quantity of wine so destroyed, the proper officer appointed, for discharge of the ship importing the fame, shall make an entry thereof, at the foot of the merchant’s warrant.

CLXII. And be it enacted, That over and above the duties repaid as aforesaid, the merchant or other person who shall for every tun of wine so destroyed, if of the growth of Germany, or wines which pay duties as such, be allowed as a compensation for the freight and other charges, the sum of four pounds; and for every tun of wine of the growth of France so destroyed, the sum of forty shillings; and for wines of the growth of Portugal, Spain, and elsewhere, the sum of six pounds, and so proportionably for a greater or Idler quantity, which allowances shall without any delay be paid on certificate of the said wirvs being so spilled, out of the duties payable to his Majesty, and the proper officer or officers are hereby required to make out and sign such certificate without fee or reward.

CLXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any thing herein contained, or to be done in execution thereof, shall not extend to diminish or lessen the duties of prizage or butlerage of wines, due upon the importation of the fame, but that the same shall be collected and paid in the same manner as if this act had never been made.

CLXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no allowance shall be made for any such corrupt or decayed wine, unless such wine shall be imported in calks directly from the country or place of the growth of such wine, or the usual place of its first shipping, but the same shall be staved, unless the full duty be paid for the same.

93

A.D. 1800. Chap. 4-.

Unmerchantable wine may be spilled in the presence of the officer, and duty shall be repaid (9importer.

Further allowance for v/inc so defrayed.

Not tods-minifli prizage or but-lerage of wines.

No allow, ance for decayed wine not directly from place of full flopping.

C.LXV. And

594’

A.D. 1800.

Piap^43.

Atwliat times goods Imuh-d at custonvhouse quays of l)uLiin and Cork shall be taken a* ay.

Surveyors to lodge goodsin /lores found after expiration of tine allowed.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CLXV. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares and merchandizes, which shall be landed out of any ship or other vessel at the custom-house quays, of the ports of Dublin and Cork, fiidll be taken away from the said quays by the respective owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons to whom the same shall be consigned, at the respective tiroes herein after mentioned, that is to say, that every calk of spirits, wines, and other liquors or liquids, shall be taken and carried away from the said quays within the space of three days, commonly called working days, that is to say, three days, not being Sundays or holidays, after the same shall have been so landed, and that every calk or other package of weighabie or dry goods, shall be taken and carried'from the said quays within the space of fix working days after the same shall have been so landed, and if any person or persons shall, contrary to the directions herein contained, permit or suffer his, her, or their spirits, wines, liquors, or other liquids, to lie or remain on the said quays "for any longer space of time than three Working days after the same shall be so landed on the said quays, that then every cast< of spirits, wines, liquors, and other liquids, tell be charged and chargeable with the penalty of two shillings for every fuel) calk of spirits, wines, liquors, or other liquids, for every day the same shall remain after the said three working days, and in case any person or persons shall permit or suffer any of his, her, or their cades or packages of weighabie or dry goods or merchandizes to remain on the said quays for any longer space of time than fix working days after the same shall be so landed on the said quays, then every calk or package of weighabie or dry goods shall be charged and chargeable with a penalty of two shillings for every such cade or package of weighabie or dry -goods, for every day such c;:fk or package "shall so remain-on the said quays after the said fix working days.

CLXVI. And be it enacted, That the surveyor or surveyors of the said-quays, are hereby required to seize such goods, wares and merchandizes, continuing on the said quays, after the expiration of the said working days hereby allowed, and lodge the fame, or a sufficient part thereof, in his Majesty's stores, as security for the amount of such penalties; and in case the owner or owners of such goods, wares and

merchandize.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 595

merchandize, shall neglect to pay such penalties within the A.D. space of three months nest after the same shall be so seized, 1800. it shall be lawful for such surveyor or 'surveyors to sell the same by public auflion, and to apply the money arising therefrom to the payment of such penalties, and the colls and charges attending the fame, rendering back any overplus thereon to such owner or owners of such goods or merchandize.

CLXVII. And be it enacted, That no goods or merchandize shall be sold by auflion on the said quays, unless the same shall be sold by order of the commissioners, for payment of his Majesty's duties; and in case any person or persons shall fell, or attempt to fell any goods, liquors, wares or merchandiie by auflion, on the said quays, that such person or persons so felling, or attempting to sell the same by auflion, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds (lerling for every such time such person or persons shall fell, or attempt to fell goods by auflion oil the said quays.

CLXVIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any person or persons to sell or dispose by public cant, any damaged goods, wares or merchandize, which shall be landed on the said quays, provided the surveyor or surveyors of the custom-house quays shall report by writing, under his or their hands to his Majesty's commissioners, that such goods intended to be sold by auflion are really damaged; and provided that such damaged goods shall be sold by auflion within six days after the same shall be landed, otherwise the persons who shall sell the same shall be liable to such penalty as aforesaid.

CLXIX. And whereas numbers of idle and disorderly persons daily frequent the custom-house quays of the ports of Dublin and Cork, under pretence of plying and afling as porters on the fame, by which the property of individuals has in many instances been purloined j be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any person whatsoever to ply or act as porter on the custom-house quays of the ports of Dublin and Cork, or in the (lores of said custorn-houses, until such person shall be first approved of by the surveyors of the said quays or llores, or any one of them, and receive in testimony of such approbation a badge from the surveyor, approving of such person, signifying such approbation, which badge shall he delivered to every such person without fee or reward; and if any person shall ply or act as a porter on said quays, or in said 7 L z (lores,

20l. Penalty for feU ling woods by auflion on said quays.

Damaged goods landed oti said quays* may be sold by auflion, on conditions herein mentioned.

Penalty for plying as a porter on quays or in llores without a badge.

596 The Fertieth Year "s/’ George III. A.D. 1800.

Hores, until badged and approved of as aforesaid, such person 1800. being thereof-convicted before any magi (Irate of the cities of Dub. Chap^qj. an(jQork, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default -of payment of said sum, he shall be imprisoned for one month, without bail or mainprize.

Penalty on CLXX. And be it enacted, That if any carman shall take any porters for4 E°°ds, wares, or merchandizes, from off the custom-house quay taking away in the city of Dublin, without first Obtaining from the proper 0gate-*'" officer a gate note, permitting such goods, wares and merchan-uotcs. dizes, to be taken away,-such carman shall forfeit the sum of forty Shillings, together with the cart, car, or other draft, and the horse or horses drawing or carrying the fame.; which cart, car, or other draft, and such horse or horses, may be seized for such offence'by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and if any porter shall carry any goods, wares or merchandizes from such quay, without first obtaining such gate note, such porter shall forfeit the like sum of forty shillings, and in default of payment of the respective penalties by such carman or porter, such carman or porter shall be imprisoned for one month, without bail or mainprize.

‘Commit- CLXX-I. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of the pnint^w revenue, or any three or more of them, or such person as they or any three or more of -them shall empower for that purpose, shall appoint such place as they or he shall think proper for every ship or vessel arriving at the custom-house quay in the port of Dublin, to 'discharge the cargo of such ship or vessel, and that it shall not be lawful -for the master or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel to discharge the cargo of such ship or vessel, or any part thereof, at any other than the place lo to lie appointed, and the master or other person having the charge of such ship or vessel offending herein, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such offence.

Commit- CLXXII. And whereas it is necessary that the commissioners

tlkl'ground of his Majesty's revenue should purchase lands and tenements for

fir light- building light-houses, watch-houses, and other accommodations houfts.watcli- b °

huufo.&c. for the buhness of the revenue, be it enacted, ihat it shall anu

may be lawful for all persons, bodies politic and corporate, tenants in tail, tenants for life, infants by their guardians, and the guardians and committees of lunaticks and idiots, feme covens with their husbands by leases or deeds indented and enrolled, to demise for any term of years to his Majesty, or the commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or to such person or persons as the said commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any 8 three

The Fortieth Ycarof. George III. 597

three or more of them shall appoint in 'trust, and to and for A.D. the use of his Majesty any lands ' not exceeding one acre plantation measure, with the tenements thereon, together >—' tvitli such passage of road as may be necessary to such building not exceeding twenty-one feet in breadth, without fine nr other consideration save only the yearly rent reserved', provided always,' that if such land be any part of any fair green, or market place, or within the precilifts of any city, town corporate, borough or manor having a right to return citizens or burgesses to parliament, or of any quay, pier or dock, or any part of any town or village actually built upon, any part of a demesne, or of any lawn, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk or avenue to a house.,- or of any park or paddock for deer, not more of such land shall be demised than is absolutely necessary for such light-houses or watcli-houses to stand or be erected on; provided always, that no officer or officers, or other person or persons residing in or inhabiting such light-house or light-houses, watch-house or watch-houses, shall have acquired or exercise any right of voting for members to serve in parliament for or by reason of such inhabiting or reficfence.

CLXXIII. And in case any person or persons shall refuse What shall

r - . ,_, fee done when

to demise such land or tenements as aforesaid to the said proprietors of commissioners of the revenue, or to such person or persons as the said commissioners for the time being, or any three m,rc> *‘c-or more of them shall appoint, or in case any difference concerning the rent for such lands or tenements shall nrife between the persons interested therein and the said commissioners, or the person or persons to be appointed as aforesaid, be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or such person or persons so appointed as aforesaid, may apply to the justices of assize at the next generalaffi/.es tc be bolden for the respective counties where such grounds shall respectivelylie, or in case such grounds shall lie in the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, then the said commissioners, or such persons, may apply to the chairman of the sessions of the pence at the next general lefiions, or adjournment thereof, to be held in and for the said county, or county of the city of Dublin, and the justices at the said afliaes, or chairman of the said sessions re-pcflively, shall, upon application, cause a jury to he then

598 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and there impannelled by the sheriff of such county, and

1800, cause such jury to be sworn well and truly to assess the value of such lands or tenements, and the rent to be given for the same to the respective proprietors and occupiers thereof, according to their respective interests therein, and the respective parties shall have their lawful challenges, and the said jury being so sworn shall, after evidence on oath given to them by their verdict, ascertain the rent to be paid for such lands or tenements to the respective proprietors and occupiers thereof, according to their respective interests therein, and the said justices or chairman shall give judgment thereon, which verdict or judgment shall be conciulive, and finally biiyl all parties; and after such verdict and judgment the said commissioners, or such person or persons as they or any three of them shall appoint, shall hold and enjoy such lands or tenements for the use of his Majesty, during such term as the said commissioners shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, paying for the same Rentsa>rard- such yearly rent as shall be adjudged in manner aforesaid, ftalVbcpail and rents to be awarded by any jury for such lands or liycolleftors. tenements, shall be duly paid by the collectors of the dif-trids in which the lands respectively lie, to the persons en-. Noticet»per- titled to receive the same; provided always, that notice in in'laiui^&c^ writing shall be served upon the persons interested in all such lands or tenements, or left at their last place of abode thirty days at least before the said assizes or sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, specifying the lands and tenements intended to be valued, and that application will be made to the justices aforesaid, or chairman aforesaid, as the case may be, to have such lands and tenements valued as aforesaid, and that due proof be made at such assizes or sessions of the service of such notice.

Who thall CLXXIV. And be it enacted, That every person felling any re‘kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, In any other package than that in which the fame were imported into this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to be a retailer, except such persons as deal in, and fell wine ia quantities not less than one gallon, or nutmegs, mace, cloves, or cinnamon, drugs, dying stuffs, and the materials of manufacture, and persons dealing in porter, who sell the same in corked bottles, not less than four dozen of quart bottles at any one time, or in ca/ks containing not less than ten

The Fortieth Year of George III. 599

gallons, and persons dealing in cider, who sell the same in corked A.D. bottles, not less than two dozen of quart bottles at any one r8oo. time. Chap^.

CLXXV. And in order to secure the payment of the tax or duty Tax on payable on every twenty shillings of salaries, profits of employ- ihati ments, fees, and pensions, be it enacted, That the said tax or bettoppedbjr duty on salaries, profits of employments, fees and pensions, pay- chequer, able at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, shall be flopped and deducted by the teller of the said exchequer, to be accounted for to his Majesty,-and also that the said tax on all other fabrics, profits of employments, fees and pensions liable thereto, shall be flopped by the person or persons who is or are to pay the same, or the deputies respectively, of the persons entitled to such salaries, profits of employments, fees and pensions, and paid by them into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to be accounted for to his Majesty, and that every such deputy or deputies shall, within one Suchtiit»

he accounted

calendar month after such tax shall become due, give in foruponoath,

upon oath an account before the chief baron, or any of the bamns of the court of exchequer, or any two justices of the become peace, of the net profit of such employment or employments, for which such deputy or deputies is, arc, or shall be accountable to their principals, which account such person or persons to whom the same shall be given upon oath as aforesaid, shall forthwith send to the teller of his Majesty's exchequer, or his deputy, and the deputy or deputies of such person or persons so absent as aforesaid, shall, within one calendar month after such account given in before the chief baron, or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any two justices of the peace as aforesaid, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer the sum due and payable to his Majesty for and on account of the said tax, and in case such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall omit or neg-lt£l to give in upon oath, or to pay the said tax within the icfpedlive times herein before for that purpose appointed, such deputy or deputies, neglecting or omitting the fame, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to his Majesty, to not account-be recovered by action of debt or information in his Majesty's 'ng' court of exchequer, and shall also be incapable of exercising or holding fu«lt deputation from the time when judgment shall be given against him on such action or information.

7 M 2 CLXXVI. And

6oo

Yearly ac-cnuiUa tu be delivered on Oath by fe-cretaries of revenue hoards, and a'cnts of per* fui<$ entitled to faltrich, fees or pen-lions.

Notice to he given by periods entitled to fabrics, fees, profits or pciiliniK, of intention to leave the kingdom.

Notice of teturii.

Notices received without fees, and receipts given.

Officer:.* to transmil inch notices to and geni

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CLXXVI. And be it enacted, That the secretaries of the several boards and establishinents for the collection of any of his Majesty's revenues, and the agent or agents of the several persons who are entitled to receive any fntaries, fees, or pensions, upon fuel] establishments, Aw 11 respectively on or before the first day of April, in every year, deliver in upon oath, which oath the said chief baron, or any of tile barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, or any two indices of the pence, are hereby required and empowered to aduiiniiler to the best of their knowledge, a list or account of such of the officers of the revenue, and of the persons tvho are entitled to receive any such fabrics, fees, or pensions, wlu. by reason of their absence from thin- kingdom shall be liable to the said tax or duty, and in case fu'h secretary or secretaries, agent or agents, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such lifts respectively, he or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the office of secretary or secretaries, or from being agent or agents.

CLXXVII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall have, or be entitled to receive any salary. profits of employments, fees, or pension in this kingdom, and who shall leave this kingdom, shall, as often as he or flic shall so leave this kingdom, give notice in writing to the principal officer at the port at which he or she shall embark, or to his Majesty's auditor-general, in this kingdom, of the day on which he or (lie intends to leave this kingdom, or shall within the space of three calendar months after lie Or (lie shall have left this kingdom, give like notice of the day on which he or (lie had left the fame, and shall also give like notice in writing, of the day of his or her return to this kingdom, and if any such person shall negletl or omit to give such notice, focli person shall pay the said tax, as it ni or the had been absent from this kingdom for the tj.acc ct six months.

CLXXVIII. And be it enacted, That such notice that! be received by the respective officers aforesaid, without fee or reward, and that such officers ilia 11 rcTpediively given receipt in writing to the person who shall serve such notice, it it shall be desired by such person.

CLXXIX. And be it enacted, That every officer of any port who shall receive such notice as aforesaid, shall ua-

m mediately

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

mediately (ransmit the same to the said auditor-general, who shall preserve the same.

CLXXX. And be it enacted, That the fcvrral cdledors, fub-commissioners, or other officers of the revenue in their ivfpcciive districts, where. oaths or affirmations arc required i'.- directed to be taken by this or any other latv or lnvs now of force, or hereafter to be enabled rcliting to Iii; iVIaje.'b/’s revenue in this kingdom, are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to administer such oath or oaths, affirmation or aiiirirmlions.

CLXXX1. And be it ennded, That in every case in which an oath is by this or any other ad now of force, or hereafter to be enacted in this kingdom relating to his Majewsty’s revenue required to be taken, if the person required to take the fi me shall be a known quaker, then and in every such case the officer or officers empowered by law to administer such oath shall not administer the same, bnt shall receive in lieu thereof the solemn affirmation of such known

AfTir-ntwi! of a q.iAr.-.

quaker.

CLXXXII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly take any of the oaths or affirmations directed to be taken by this act,

J fwcjr in at*

or by any ad now of force, or which shall hereafter be made firm curdy relating to his Majesty's revenue, and be thereof lawfully fori«jwr. eoavided by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, lie, (he, or they so offending, shall, for every such offence, incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, pains, and dif-rbiiitivs, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury -n by law liable to; or if any person or persons shall cor-niptiv procure or suborn any other person or persons to take Suhonu.

*, ' n . r. r lion.

tti i .'itn or affirmation, and the person or persons so pro-or tub irnitig, shall he thereof conricted by verdict, or awa hi , her, or their confession, every person so offending, h:l!, i'.;.- every inch offence, incur and suffer fuel: penalties, for-pains, and difubilities, as persons convicted of perjury,

'"(! iiibornatio-i of perjury, me respectively by the laws of this -ii.taom liable unto.

(.b.IMXIII. And be it enacted, That no wine of the growth K.iP,iu. -'preJuee of Portugal shall be imported into this kingdom, or ato any port, harbour, haven or creek thereof, in any bottle, jar, m,.nu>mi. wtk or other vessel, which shall not contain ii.'Uy-tlircc gallons at l..;',/'’£' Vol. XX. 7 N Icall,

02 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1ea'll, upon pain of forfeiting such wine, and the bottle, Jot, calk

1800. or v'effel in which such wine shall be contained.

CLXXXIV. And whereas several ill-disposed persons do frc- questly dye, fabricate, or manufacture very great quantities of floe leaves, liquorice leaves, and the leaves of tea that have been Tahrica- before used, or the leaves of other trees, shrubs or plants, in tmns m imita- imitation . of tea, and do likewise mix, colour, {lain and dve

tiouof tea. ’

such leaves, and likewise tea, with terra Japonica, sugar, 'inolafles, clay, logwood, and other ingredients, and do fell and vend the Tame as true and real tea, to the prejudice of the health of his Majesty's subjects, the diminution of the revenue, and to the ruin of the fair trader, for remedy of Ter,&lty on such frauds and abuses for the future, be it enacted, That if

faring Inch any person or persons shall dye, fabricate, or manufacture

nffaf'o"5 any fl°e leaves, liquorice leaves, or the leaves of tea that having any have been used, or the leaves of any other tree, shrub, or

such.

plant, in imitation of tea, or - shall mix, colour, flain or dye such leaves or tea with terra Japonica, sugar, molasses, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, or shall fell and vend, or utter, offer or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or possession any such dyed, fabricated leaves in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, stained or dyed leaves or tea, mixed with any of the ingredients before mentioned, or with any other ingredient whatsoever, such person or persons shall respectively for every pound of such leaves so dyed, fabricated or manufactureed in imitation of tea, and for every pound of such mixed, coloured, stained, or dyed leaves or tea, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, together with all such leaves or tea, which leaves cr tea any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue is and are hereby required and empowered to seize.

Shrub, &c. CLXXXV. And be it enacted, That all shrubs or other mixed drancilfingle Tpirics imported into this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to ljiirits. be Angle spirits or spirits perfectly made, and pay duty as such.

Goods CLXXXVI. And be it enacted, That all goods not entered or board 24 mentioned in the invoice of any ship or vessel, and found on hours ufar board such ship or vessel twenty-four hours after such invoice made,

invoice* »s . r,

ma3e, ami shall be liable to forfeiture, as fully as if they were actually carried

out such fli'P or vessel with intention to run them; and such i.r forfeited, goods shall be seized and disposed of, and the persons prosecutetl in manner herein mentioned.

2

CLXXXVII. Be

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CLXXXVII. . Be it enacted, That when any broker shall make and sign an entry of any goods, wares or merchandize, in the name, or for the use of any other person or persons, every such broker shall be liable to, and pay any forcharge or surcharges to which such goods, wares or merchandize shall by law be chargeable, in the same manner, as if such broker was the actual importer and proprietor of such goods, wares or merchandize.

CLXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no piyment of duty, dray.iuck or allowaance, shall be made or paid for any quantity of faints distilled in this kingdom, which shall be exported in any all: or veftsl containing less than one hundred gallons, or which shall be shipped on board any ship or vessel of less burthen than i'jvcntv tons, or that shall be shipped to be consumed on ship board, cr for any other purpose than as merchandize.

CI.XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all spirits distilled in this kingdom, for which a drawback on export thereof shall be claimed, shall be exported from a port allowed by law, and at the common quays for exportation, and within the uiual hours, in the prcl’eiice of some sworn officer of the excise, upon due notice thereof given at the office of excise of the tliftrict in the port from which l'ticli spirits shall be shipped, and such officer or officers shall certify the quantity and quality of such spirits or (Irong waters so shipped to the commissioners, or col left ors of the respective distriftst who are hereby required to pay the person or persons so exporting the fame, the drawback payable within one month after such ex-jiortation; provided always, That before any permit shall be granted by any officer for shipping any spirits for which such draw-luck of the excise is to be paid as aforesaid, the person applying for such permit, if he or (lie be the distiller thereof, shall make an oath of the following import, before such officer, who is hereby empowered and required to administer the same, that is to say, tint die full duty payable has been paid for all the spirits so intended to be shipped; and in case such spirits have been reduced in (iruigtli after the same shall have been distilled, that nothing has been, or shall he added thereto but water, for the purpose of reducing the same to the strength prescribai by law; and every person making such oath shall produce the gauger’s permit for the fiul spirits, which permit such officer shall keep; and if such spirits shall be exported by any other person than the distiller thereof, such person shall produce to such officer the permit or permits, certificate or certificates under which he or (lie received 7 N 2 the

603 a. n.

I j’oo. Chap. 43

It, , Uyj

anfovrible furfmeltr.v.^J, wlwi they li'utmtnoi.

Nodiaw; hack on fpU rits 0 ported as heroin.

How and whete (pint* for which a drawback is claimed may be exported from.

Reqmfite»t» be performed.

Diiinion

oath.

Export er’i not hr. in* the d»f-tiilcr.

;'6o4 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the fame, and shall in like manner make an oath of the following 1800. import, to wit, that the spirits so intended to be shipped are the ' identical spirits received by him or her, by virtue of the permit c: permits, certificate or certificates so produced, and that neither lie,

file, or any person for him or her, did to his or her knowledge, - receive by virtue, or under colour of the fame, a greater quantity

of spirits than is therein expressed, and that neither he or (lie, iso: any other person to his or her knowledge, did or shall add a;:r liquor thereto but water, to reduce the same to the strength j-re-£c°r?of°f" fibbed by law; and every such officer shall then grant a par.;’.;’.

annexed to, or at the foot of the said affidavit for shipping tnc quantity required, and shall keep the permit or certificate fa pr;-

ducetl to and deposited with him; provided also, That heiore any drawback shall be paid fot such spirits shipped for exporution

aforesaid, the quantity and quality, 01 degree of streugsh there and the contents of each calk shall be certified by the surveyor an.i other officer who shipped and gauged the fame, and that the person exporting the same shall make oath before the ctiflomcr, collector, or principal officer of the port from whence the same shall be exported, who is and are empowered and required to admmilkr (lie ' Exporter's fame of the quantity of spirits so /hipped, and the ship and mailer's name, ami to what place bound, and that to his or her knowledge or belief said spirits, or any part thereof, have not been, nor arc intended to be unshipped or landed in any other than the place in the said oath mentioned, and the mailer of the ship, when clearing out, flnll likewise make oath before such officer, who is in like Malter’t oath. manner empowered and required to administer the same; that lie has said spirits on board his ship, and that they are not intended to be relanded to his knowledge or belief, and that lie will net suffer the fame, or any part thereof, to be relanded in Ireland, or landed in the island of Faro or Ferro, except in case of inevitable diflxefs; provided also, That such person, before he or she (h.;i! be entitled to receive any allowance or drawback, by virtue hereof ^o*Port'r’3 shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs anil successors, in double the flint which he or she shall claim for such drawback, conditioned that such spirits or strong waters shall be exported to parts beyond the seas, and shall not be relanded in this kingdom, or landed in the island of-Faro or Ferro, and upon certificate rc-'turned, under the hand and seal of the chief magistrate of any port or place beyond the fcas, or.under the hand and seal of two known merchants of the.place where such spirits or strong waters

{lull

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

shall have been landed, and that the fame were there landed, or upon proof made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise, or of the collector or other chief officer of the port, that such spirits or strong waters were taken by enemies, or perilled in the seas, the said bond shall be delivered up to such exporter to be cancelled, without any fee for the same.

CXC. And be it enacted, That if any such spirits or ilrong waters so shipped for exportation shall be afterwards tclanded or unshipped in any part of Ireland, or shall be put on board any boat or other vessel in any creek, haven, or port thereof, or at fca, in order to be relanded, without the license of one or more of the principal officers of such port or place first had, or unless it be in case of diffrcfs to save the fame from periffiing, which distress shall be made known forthwith, by a notice in writing'to the collector or other chief officer of the port where such ship shall arrive, or if any such spirits or strong'waters shall be landed in Great Britain, or the island of Faro or Ferro, except in case of distress as aforesaid, the master, purser, or other person having the charge of such ship out of which such spirits shall be so unshipped, landed, or relandrd, and also the exporter of such spirits shall each of them forfeit treble the value of such spirits.

CXCI. And be it enacted, That no allowance or abatement shall be made on any brandy, rum, geneva, or other foreign spirits imported into this kingdom on account of any dccreaie or supposed decrease of strength or quantity, by reason of the heat of weather, or on account of the space occupied by the measuring rule, or of what is commonly called the wet dip.

CXC1l. And be it enacted, That there shall not any duty whatsoever be paid to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for or on account of any bread or biscuit of the manufacture of this kingdom expot ted out of the same.

CXCIII. Be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen, that the price of wheat in this kingdom shall be so high as to allow 'die importation thereof into this kingdom, cither duty free, or at the lowed duty, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import (larch into this kingdom free of duty, provided that the importer or importers thereof shall prove to th ? satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue oi cm'--toms or excise, or any three or more of them, that such (larch was of the mamtfadlure of wheat.

You XX. 7 0 CXC1V. And

Pcnsthfa for itlaniiinj; or unOiip{>iiij£ such spirits, &c.

No allowance on im-potiatiun of brandy, rum, frc. for heat or wet dip.

No duty on exportation of bread or bif-

In what t\ifc llanit

limy I t- .-ii. JJOltfd .‘.Id I

djt

CXC1V.

Gg6 The Fortieth Year of: George III.

[ A.D. CXCIV. And be it enactcc', That during the continuance of 1800. the present war, no . pot-ashes or pearl-ashes whatsoever iTiall be exported from this kingdom in any ship or vessel avhatsoever, to No potafiics any place except Great Britain, and if any such allies shall be laden on ^oard an7 fh'p, or ve^ bound - to any place except Great Brit, dur- Britain, or shall he exported to any place except Great Britain, US the ship or vessel in which such allies shall he so laden or exported,

together with such a (lies, shall be forfeited, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, and appat el.

CXCV. And be it enacted, That before such allies shall be ! laden on board any ship or vessel in this kingdom, the person exporting the same shall enter into bond, with two sufficient fu-' Bond tubs reties, in thefum of two hundred pounds conditioned, that such , on Hit; pinir allies shall be‘landed in Great Britain, and no where else, ami j.potaflic. , upon cer iiicate being returned within three months' from the day t of the date of such bond, under the hand and seal of the chief officer of the port in Great Britain, where such allies shall hare . been landed, that the said aflics were there landed, or upon proof made within such time to the satisfaction of any one oftliecommissioners of his Majesty's customs or excise, that such aflics were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas, the said bond shall be delivered up to such exporter, without any fee for the same.

CXCV!. And whereas a doubt hath arilcn, whether linen . made in Germany or Silesia, and after bleached in Holland, and from thence imported into this kingdom, is or ought to be rated, and pay duty as Holland linen: Be it enacted, that all linens made

in Germany or Silelia, and after bleached in Holland, and iin-Wint (bull ported ire 111 thence into this kingdom, shall be rated as Holland HoiUdb linens, and pay the duties appointed by law to be paid on the im-'"ns. portaii n of Holland linen.

CXCVII. And lie it enabled, That all Germany or Silcfu

linen, not above three quarters and a half broad, commonly called

Lawns. long lawns, or narrow Germany, shall be accounted lawns, ami

pay the duties appointed by law for such commodities, in like

proportion as the fame pays when cut into quarter pieces.

Iran mi- CXCVIII. And be it enacted, That iron immersed in r.icricd ui cop*

i«. copper mine, or water impregnated with copper, shall be deemed and taken as copper ore, and pay duty as such.

CXCIX. And be it enacted, That where any person

Drawback on crude

kimiionc ami shall import crude brim (lone, or salt petre, and shall make

u ed in mak- use of the fame in extrafling therefrom oil of vitriol, rr iitg vitiiolor aqua foitis.

aqua

The Fortieth Year of George III. 637

aqua fortis, such person shall be entitled to receive, and liic A.D. collector of the port or diUriel within which such crude q^00' brimstone and salt petre shall have been imported, shall repay to such person all such duties as have been paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, by affidavit, or if a known quaker, by affirmation, that such crude brimstone and salt petre had been lift'd in making vitriol or aquafortis.

CC. And be it enacted, That no raw silk shall be exempted from duty rm account of its being the growth or cul-lure of America, unless the matter, commander, or other um* liUt person taking charge of any ship or vessel importing raw (ilk, do deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the port of importation, at or before the entry of such silk. such certificate, as any master, commander, or any other person would, or ought to have received at the port where any such raw silk was put on hoard, in order to entitle him to land the fame duty free in this kingdom, and do also make oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said collector, or other chief officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that the bales, parcels, and goods contained in such certificates, are the fame which were taken on board.in the said countries respectively, ar.il on failure of performing any of the said requisites, all such raw silk shall be liable to the payment of the duty payable on silk, not being of the growth or product of the Briliili colonies and plantations in America.

CCI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall make, pcni;,;.s or cause to be made, any entry or entries of any raw silk, under the name or description of raw silk, of the growth or pr tuliure of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, not being of such growth or culture, or shall mix, or cause in be mixed any such raw silk with raw fill; of the growth or culture of the said colonics or plantations, in order to.evade the duties payable on raw silk of the growth or dilute of countries otlur than the aforesaid colonics or pl.in-Istions, every person so making, or causing to be made such try or entries, or mixing or causing such mixture or vltircs to be made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for ’.:y Inch offence, and also all such raw silk; and in case 7 0 2 of

£>o 8 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of any mixture, the quantity so mixed, together with die i&oa. value thereof, as also the packages containing^ the same shall jjC f0TfC(ted; provided always that if any doubt shall arise 'Proof of whether such raw silk, or any part thereof be of the growth

growth on

owner. or culture of the said colonies or plantations in America, the proof shall be on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or prosecutor. vh.tfi U CCII. And whereas it frequently happens that mailers of fie done wlion fllips and vessels wilfully and maliciously detain and refuse vdrchRflfe to deliver up certificates of registry granted in pursuance of to deliver up tl'.e several laws for the encouragement of shipping and navi-

certificate* of w r 0

Kgiftry. gallon, to tncprejudice of the owner or owners of such ships and vessels, for remedy whereof be it enacted, That on complaint made on oath by the owner, or any of the owners of any ship or vc-ffel, vrhofe certificate of registry shall be so detained and refused to be delivered up of such detainer and refusal to any justice of the peace redding near to the place where the person so detaining and refusing to deliver up such certificate of registry shall be, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace by warrant under his hand and seal to cause such matter to be brought before him to be examined touching such detainer and refusal; and if it shall appear to such justice of the peace on examination of such matter or otherwise, that the said certificate of registry is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully and maliciously detained by such mailer, such matter shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit the sum of one hundred, pounds, and in failure of payment thereof within the space of two days after the said conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainpriz.e for such time as the said justice of the peace shall in his discretion deem proper, not being less than six months, nor more than twelve months.

CCI1l. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law-

Justices to ’

issuewar- ful for such justice of the peace, and he is hereby required to for mi ifi- - issue a warrant under his hand and seal, to cause search to be talcs, Sc. made for such certificate, and if the same shall be found, the said justice shall cause the same to be delivered to the owner, or such c£ the owners as shall have made the fiid

complaint

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

complaint, and if thi fame shall not bs found, the said justice shall, and he is hereby required to certify the said de-

609

A.D. 1800.

1 0-

uir.cr, refusal and conviction, to the person or persons who granted the last certificate of registry for such ship or vessel who shall make registry of such ft) ip or vessel de novo, and grant a certificate thereof, notifying on the back of such certificate tire ground upon which such ship or vessel was so registered tr.-o.

CCIV. And to prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue, Whi!M !v persons who import bafi! leather, entering the same as he deemed

1 . % , balillea-

tsneed (beep skins, and paying duty for the same as lhecp u,ci.

skins imported in the wool, be it enacted, That all (liecp skins tanned with bark, which shall be imported into this kingdom, shall be entered as basil leather, and shall be charged with duty accordingly.

CCV. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines. Fine., &c. penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and except as by this act is otherwise provided for, shall and may HulljK reco-be fried for, recovered and levied in such manner and form, 14 & 15 c and by such ways and means and with such powers and au- ^!aJofC thorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by aPPc*1-an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, an till for the settling of the exetfe or new ii/ipof upon his Mtjeflj, kit heirs and ftcrejfors, according to the book of rates therein infested, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act or this present act is provided.

CCVI. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fourth

In force

day of June, one thousand to 24th June,

eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the

then next session of parliament, and no longer.

session.

7P

CHAR

610 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

18co.

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act to prevent Persons from returning to his Mcjtfji Dominions mho have been or shall be transported, lanifnel, or exiled on- Account of Rebellion.

Friday the fijl day of ffuyujl, one thousand eight hundred* Royal rffent gk:r,

JOHN GAYER> D. CLER. PAUL.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS 11 >s necessary more effectually to prevent per-w\ fons from returning to his Majesty's dominions who have been, or shall be transporred, banflhed,- or by their own corn-pad exiled for and on- account of their treason' and treasonable practices, whether they have been convicted by ordinary course of law, or by the laws of War, or by courts martial constituted under the authority of law since the twenty-fourth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and' ninety-eight, be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Punishment of the fame, That if any person or persons who have been so tranl-on p'rfonf d Porte£l or banished, or ordered for transportation or banishment transported or from this kingdom, or who, in order to avoid prosecution for ordered or their treasons have engaged to- transport themselves and to go into exile, and on such engagement being entered into have not been at large after prosecuted, shall return- to this kingdom, or after the first day of jBool'wk- Augulf, in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred, be at eutlicense. large within this kingdom, within the time limited for his or her transportation, banishment, or exile, unless by a license for that purpose first had and obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every person so returning, or being at large, shall be deemed and adjudged a felon, and shall, on conviction, for the frit offence, receive such corporal punishment as the court in its discretion shall award, and be transported for his or her natural life, i and if such person or persons shall again return, or be at large within this kingdom without such license as aforesaid, and be thereof convicted, he or flic shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

5

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

6ix

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XLV.

An- Ail for granting to His Majesty Excise Duties on Foreign Wines in His Majesty's Stores, or in the Stores or Ware-houses of Dealers in, or Retailers of Wine, at the Time therein mentioned, and for granting further Duties on Spirits difilkd, and on Sweets or made Wines made in Ireland.

Friihy tht f.rjl J,ty cf Augvjt\ cm thousand eight hundred, Royal Assent given.

JOHN CAVER,- D. CLER. PARC.

WHEREAS towards raising the supply granted to his Rcfiiuu'.m Majesty, it is by two several resolutions of the ivl^r.'Ts'oo. house of commons, of the third day of March, one thousand eight hundred,- refolded. That for and upon all Portugal and Madeira wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all tvincs of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples-and Sicily, which should on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, be in his Majesty's stores, or in the stores or ware-houses of any dealer in, or retailer of wine, there should be paid an excise duty of six pounds per-tun for every tun thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and that for and upon all French wines which should on the said twenty-fifth day of March, be in his Majesty's stores, or in the stores or vvarc-houses of any dealer in, or retailer of wine, there should be paid an excise duty of nine pounds per tun for every tun thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be E*cifcJiiti«i

J ' , Oit lotion

Uifed, collected, levied and paid to his Majesty, his heirs, whk* and successors, for and upon all Portugal and Madeira wine,

Spanish and Canary wine, and all wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily, which on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, j P 2 were

61 % The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

were in his Majesty's (lores, or in the (lores or ware-houses

1 Sco. of any dealer in, or retailer of wine, an excise duty of six pounds for every tun thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and for and upon all French wines, vihich on the said twenty-fifth day of March were in his Majesty's (lores, or in the (lores or ware-h'oufes of any dealer-in, or retailer of wine, an excise-duty of nine pounds, for every tun thereof, and so in proportion for any greater Collection^ or less quantity; which several duties shall be ascertained,

QffochduUCS. J

collected, levied and paid in inch manner, and under such powers, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as are prescrib-. ed in an act passed this session of parliament for securing the said duties, entitled, An atl for ascertaining the foci of foreign wines belonging to dealers in, and fellers of such wines,

on the iwnly-fflh day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and fir securing certain duties of excise thereon, and for granting to his Majesty a further duty on rum imported, and certain .'duties on the exportation of certain goods to the British plantations in America and the West Indies, in lieu of all other duties,

i Al'f (ShT' And be it enacted, That there shall bc raised, col-

per gallon on Iefled, levied and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-Inlh [pints. ccfl-or S) fQr anc[ Upon every gallon of spirits or strong waters, (sc aqua vitce made or difiilled from corn or grain within Ireland, at any time to the twenty-fifth -day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, a further duty of sixpence and one halfpenny,' over and above the duty of two shillings and sixpence, now payable thereon, the same to be paid by the first maker or difliller of such spirits.

Additional I'd. And-'be it enacted, 'That there shall be raised,-coi- irats"r Icdled, levied-and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and succes-

madcivints. fors, for-and -upon every ' barrel containing thirty-two gallons of all liquor for sale which shall be made-in Ireland, '0 . the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, by infusion, fermentation ot otherwise, from fruit or sugar mixed with other ingredients or materials called sweets or made wines,' the further sum of four pounds ten shillings, over and above the duty of ten shillings, now payable thereon, and after the fame-rate for any greater or

The Fortieth Year of George III. 613

less quantity, which further duty shall be paid by the respect A.D. tive makers of such sweets or made wines.

IV. And be it- enabled, That the said further duty on ColW'.uw spirits or strong waters, or aqua vita, and the said further , duty on sweets or made wines, shall respectively be charged, raised, levied, collected and paid in the same manner, and under the fame powers and authorities, and under the fame regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as the duty on spirits or strong waters, or aqua vita, and the duty on sweets or made wines, granted by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one year, the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specified during the J'aid term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majestys colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, may be charged, raised, levied, collected and paid.

CHAP. XL VI.

An Act for amending an Act, entitled, An Act for confirming the several Grants made by her late Majesty of the Fir (I Fruits and Twentieth Pads, payable out of the Ecclesafi-cal Benefices in this Kingdom, and afio for giving the Arch-lishops and other Ecclesiafiicdl Persons Four Tears Time for the Payment of Firfi Fruits, and for incorporating the Trustees and Commissioners of the said First Fruits.

Friday the First day of August One thousand eight hundred, Royal Ajenlgtven.

JOHN GAYER, 0. CLCft* VAJU*

WHEREAS by the law, as it now (lands, ho less a preamble.

number than seven of the trustees and commissioners of first fruits can do any act for the disposition of any of the said first fruits; and whereas it is found to be impossible to assemble so large a number at all times when it may be expedient for them to meet, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from four triiflees and after the passing of this act any four or more of the hmar":'

7 a

said

b: a quorum.

6x4 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A- D. f; lid (rustees and commissioners shall be a quorum of the said corporation, and may for c-ver hereafter ad in the fane manner, to all intents and purposes, as any seven or mote of the said tr-uftees may now ad, and that such ad and dif-pofitinn shall be, to all intents and purposes, as good and valid in law as if the fame had been made ^and cone h JTevcn or.more of said :trustees.

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for emending and rendering mere cfflflual linefretrai Acts, me fofftd in lie Twenty-sixth Year of His prefi.i Majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for pi omoting the Tialt of Dublin., by rendering its Fort and Harbour more corn-.medials, and the other Act passed in the Thirly-second Year of His Mojeffs Reign, entitled. An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna I-iffry in lit City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in lit Twenty fxth Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled, in Act for fnnu ting the Trade of Dublin by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious.

Friday the FUJI defy t/f Avgtjl, qik tljoufatid eight hundred, ‘Royal Afni r:V'i.

JOHK GAYER, D. CLER.

Recital 26 lf"WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the twenty-3 W )"ear l*le re,gn of his present Majesty, en-

titled, Ain act for fromoting the trade of Dublin by rendtrhg its fort and harbour more commodious, whereby several persons therein named (with perpetual fucccflion) were appointed one body corporate and politic for carrying into execution the purposes of the said act, by the name of the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin: And Recital 32 whereas one other act of parliament was passed in the thirty-G‘3- second year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for refairing and f referring the walls of the river Anna Lift) in the city of Dublin', and for amending an act passed in the t'Wenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, ~ An act for fromotirg the trade of Dublin ley rendering Us fort

and harbour more commodious: And whereas since passing the

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fjid rcciled acts several alterations have taken place in the nature and extent of the trade and commerce carried on to and from the said port of Dublin: And it is therefore expedient that the said recited acts fliculd be amended, may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and l it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and v.itli the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Aact (in dead and place of the rates mentioned io the said former acts) that the master, commander, or owner of every ship or vessel belonging to Great Britain rr Ireland, or to the Britishi plantations, and of every foreign ship or vessel who shall take in bnllaft from the office of the said corporation within the harbour of Dublin, or in the several creeks and harbours thereunto belonging, shall pay or cattle to be paid to the said corporation, or to the ballad mailer or other officer who shall be appointed by the said corporation to receive the same, the several and respectlive sums of money, and rates and charges in the schedule marked A, hereunto annexed.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That iltc mailer, commander, or owner of every trading ship or veil'd, or ship or vessel laden with, or carrying merchandize, and all coafiing vessels coming to, or going from the said harbour of Dublin, (not in ballad) above fifty tons burthen, 'veept such as may be laden with coals, trading coad ways, :nd ved'ds laden with fish in bulk, and vessels laden with potatoes) and also all such vessels under fifty tons burthen, (or mi ballad,) as shall require and take a pilot on board, shall be obliged to receive and take on board such ship or vessel a pilot, duly licensed as such, by, and under the seal of the said corporation; and for every such fltip, boat or vessel, the mailer, commander, or owner thereof, shall pay, or cause to lie paid to the said corporation, or to the said ballafl-ataflerof the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, or other Mtiicer who shall be appointed by the said corporation to revive the fame, in lieu, place, and Head of the several tes of pilotage, payable by the said act of the ttventy-I tit year of the reign of his Majesty, at and after the rate 0 tales, in the schedule marked B, hereunto annexed.

7 Q, 2 III. And

Matters of elTels taking ball.!ft shall piv the ftnns mentioned in fcliedolc A. instead of rates io said acts.

VcsTdl herein tie-f'Tilie;! shall pay pilotage

as in fdiedule

B.

6*6

a. r>.

i 800. Chap. 47.

V. —v--_

If z captain refuses to take a pl; <ni 1-. ani, ke Utall pay as if lie re* tiKcd him.

Only klf to he paid to pilot if a fca-man or Merman is. taken on board before him within the Hatton.

Payment for leading U'fTck into safety, when pilots cannot "board.

Pilotage out ofhaibour and back into it.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

117. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-frit], That in case the sailer or commander of any ship or vessel inward bound, herein before dire died to take on board a pilot, shall refuse to take on board, and employ a pilot, who ilia! be so licensed as hereafter mentioned, and who shall offer his service, such matter or commander shall pay, nr cause to be paid to the pilot who first, or who only shall offer his service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused the full pilotage, according to the different rates and prices herein before directed to be paid, as if the said pilot had been received and employed in conducting or piloting such ship or vessel into the said harbour of Dublin.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ship or vessel shall have taken on board a fisherman or seaman within the station for pilots to cruise, on account of a licensed pilot not having appeared within such station, in such case any pilot afterwards boarding such ship or vessel, and concluding tile fame into the harbour of Dublin, shall be intit'ed to, and shall receive but at the rate of one-half of the rates aforesaid, as and for pilots’ rates.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any pilot boat shall not through distress of weather be'able to board any ship or vessel, and that such pilot boat shall lead such ship or vessel into safety, then the matter and crew of such pilot boat shall be entitled to, and shall be paid pilotage, according to the rates before mentioned, or to such greater or less reward and payrrentas the said corporation shall think fit, according to the nature of such service rendered.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enadetl by the authority aforesaid, That all and every ship or vessel, whether ladeil or in ballatt, which shall take a pilot on board, and shall be compelled by distress of weather, or otherwise. to return back to the said harbour of Dublin, and shall be brought in by the pilot who took charge of such ship ot vessel out; that every such ship and vessel in such cases, shall be obliged to pay for such pilotage back one-half of the sums herein before appointed and directed to be paid for piloting such ships or vessels out of the said harbour; and that all such ships or vessels going out of the said harbour,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 617

hour, and requiring to take a pilot out, shall be obliged to A.D. pay for such pilotage the full Aims herein before mentioned q^00,", and specified for that purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all ships ’0'g

[ ' tv for tlsijKs m

r.nd other vessels in'ballafi, which shall require and take on kihiU-min; board a pilot, either in coming in or going out of the har- p-;., u' hour, shall take a pilot licensed as aforesaid, and none other; and in case any matter or commander of any ship or vessel in ballast shall take on board any pilot, not licensed as aforesaid, such matter or commander, or the broker or other person who shall employ such pilot, and also such unlicensed pilot, shall forfeit and pay to the said corporation the sum of ten pounds tterling each,

VJI1. And whereas it has frequently happened, that mailers of vessels, after having been piloted out, have rc-fused to put the pilot on shore, and in many inttances have carried such pilots to fca; in order to prevent which, and make compensation in all such cases, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any matter or owner of any ship or vessel shall- take such pilot to fca, or that such pilot shall remain or continue on board at the instance and rcqm ft of the matter or owner of such flop or vessel, for pjjonmfcc any time longer than twenty-four hours, in all and every of for such cases, the matter or owner of such (flips or vessels shall all urne wer be obliged to pay unto such pilot for all such time as he shall be detained as aforesaid over and above twenty-four lunirs, at and after rate of five shillings and five-pence by llic day.

IX. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid,

111.1t it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, from time to time, and at all times hereafter,- t grant licenscs under the seal of the CWpora-f:id corporation to such person or persons as they in their {jccmL'Vu1 'iiferction shall deem sufficiently qualified to become and act as r'lots, afeer-

' 1 tain compen-

pilots, for the purposes herein before mentioned, and also for ration, and mooring and unmooring ships and vessels upanddown the river,. #c. anti rendering service and assistance to ships and vessels coming ia and going out of the said harbour, and to ascertain compensation to such pilots or persons employed on such occasions as the said corporation shall deem fit, and to make,

6i8 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ordain, and establish fuel) rules, orders, and bye-laws, for

oooo. ascertaining the qualification of such pilots, particularly to

oblige them to take apprentices, and to make distributions of

earnings amongst such persons, as to the said corporation, or

any three or more of them shall appear to have deserved the Tame; and to ascertain the distances such pilots shall go 'with ‘vessels from the harbour, or to meet vessels coming

into the harbour, and how, and in what manner such distances shall be ascertained, and in all other matters which 'to the said corporation shall seem fit and necessary for the better government and regulation of the pilots, so to be ap-ipointed 01 licensed as aforesaid; and also for the regulation and government of all lighter-men, gabbard-men, and pervious in any manner employed by the said corporation, under the powers vested in the said corporation by this or the said former acts; and also from time to time as occasion may require to repeal, add, amend, or alter such rules, orders, and byc-laws, as to them shall seem meet and convenient, and to make, ordain, and establish other orders, rules, and byc-laws, in lieu,' and in Head of fuel) as 'shall be repealed, added to, amended, or altered; and to fire

and ap[ oint rca'fnnsble pecuniary penalties, not exceeding five pounds, for the non-observance or other breach of all or any such rules, orders, or bye-laws, or any pait of them, to be recovered by such ways and means as are for that purpose directed, in and by the fin'd acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second -years of the reign of his Majesty.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, to fuspond or deprive of the use of his license any pilot or other person who shall have been appointed and licensed as aforesaid, for the breach of fuel) Corpora, tulcs or orders, or for having omitted any thing required by mi"she fame, 'Or for nfting in any wile contrary to such rules whoflislMv or orders.; and if any pilot or pilots, or other person so naUi«K-y suspenried, or deprived of the use of his license, during the a&asluch. time of such suspension or deprivation, shall take upon hint-self or themselves to pilot or conduift any fillip or vessel into, or out of the said port or harbour of Dublin, furl) pilot or pilots shall be liable to all such pains as are provided by the said , -2 acts

The Fortieth Year of George Hindi of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, against such person or persons as shall pilot anti con Just ships or vessels into or out of the said port ot Dublin, without having been first approved and licensed by the said corporation, or any three or more of them, and shall be also liable u ail inch tine and fines as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding ten pounds sterling, in lieu and stead of the lines i'.rpofcl by the said former acts.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint in case any pilot or pilots shall at any time from and after tiic faffing of this act be convicted of drimkenness whilst on duty, i'v die oath of two or more wittiefies, to the l.itisfaftinn of the bid corporation, or any three or more of them, before whom such

c.ulis shall be made, such pilot or pilots shall be immediately deprived of his or their license or licenses, and he disqualified to act under the fame, and shall not at any time or times hereafter be again licensed by the said corporation, and shall not in any manner whailbever be entitled to act as a pilot or pilots in pursuance of or by virtue of this act.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who being examined on oath in wtimer and before the persons directed by this or the said former acts of the twenty-six tli and thirty-second years of his present Majesty, thall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly take any such oath, orwilinlly, corruptly, and falsely give testimony, shall and may he prolkuted, and being thereof lawfully convicted by verdict, if upon his, her, or their conlcflion, he, flic, or they so oft'end-ii.t, Hull fur every such offence incur and suffer such penalties, :.irfeurc«, pains and dilahilitics as persons convicted of wilful and \-mpt perjury are by law liable unto, or if any person or shall corruptly procure, or fuliorn any other person to iw Inch oath, or to give such falle tellimony upon oath as tirrcllid, and the person or persons so procuring or fuhorning ilftl lie thereof convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their Tmiellinii, every person so offending shall for every such offence umai'.d fuller such penalties, forfeitures, pains and disabilities as plons convicted of perjury, or of subornation of perjury, arc rclpcflively by law liable unto; and if any person or persons summoned to give testimony in manner as aforesaid, shall refnfc to appear, or appearing shall ref use to be sworn, or give testimony pen oath before the said corporation, or any three or more of diem, every person so offending, tin Ids in case of reasonable cx-c..!c to be allowed by said corporation, or any three or more 7 R a of

Drunken piluU shall be incapacitated.

Ferfbni \vk« swear falsely flinll suffer for perjury.

Subornation of perjury.

Refilling to givrtcibmo*

620 Sthe Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. ' of them, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any uni

1800. not exceeding ten pounds, at the discretion of the said corporation, or any three or more of them.

Regulation

XIII. And whereas several ships and vessels arc at prefer.! boats ite. £cc. uliially employed as passage boats, carrying and conveying rai-fengers between the said port of Dublin and different ports it: Great Britain, and a great number of his Majesty's subject constantly pass in such vessels to and from eaclt kingdom, and it :is necessary for the preservation of the lives and properties cr his Majesty's subjects that the said passage boats, ships or velfek fh'ould he kept in good and sufficient repair, 01 der and conditio:!, and be fully manned and provided with a sufficient number of able and skilful seamen, and-all other necclfaries for the safe conveyance of passengers and their property, be it therefore further enabled by the authority af >rcsaid, Tits: from and after the passing of this aS, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any three 0: more of them, twice in every year, or as often as the said corporation shall think expedient, by writing under the seal of the said corporation, to authorize and empower two or more experienced masters or commanders of viffels, or other persons competent in that respect, to view and in-spedl the fiate and condition of all such passage boats, ships and vessels, usually employed in conveying passengers between the said port of Dublin and the different ports in Great Britain, (his Majesty's yatcht and packets, and also such ships or vessels as may be employed to carry cx-presses or dispatchcs, and having a license under the hand and seal of some person duly authorized by the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, to grant license for such ptirpoli' excepted) and to report the state and condition of all such ships and vessels, and their materials, to the said corporation; and if any of such ships, boats, or vessels, shall be found to be in need of necessary repairs, or in any manner unfit for sea, or inefficiently provided with all neceflarics and materials, or not fully and properly manned, or tint the masters or commanders thereof shall not have entered into such feenrity as herein dircQcd, to prevent and detain all such ships, boats, and vessels, from failing or proceeding on any voyage with any passenger or passengers cn board, until such security shall have been entered into, ami

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

until such necessary repairs and other necessary materials shall be made and provided, and-all other deficiencies supplied and made good and sufficient, to the good liking of the said corporation.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the matter or owner of any such passage boat, ship, or vessel, shall obstruct or prevent the persons so authorized and empowered by the said corporation from viewing and inspecting such ships, boats, or vessels for the purposes aforesaid, the matter or owner of all such ships, boats, and vessels,' shall forfeit and pay unto the said corporation for every such obstruction, the sum of ten pounds sterling, and if any matter or owner of any such ships or vessels shall proceed to sea with such ship, boat, or vessel, with any passenger or passengers on board, after the said corporation shall direct and order the same to be detain-' cd, and before a license or order shall be obtained or procured from the said corporation for permission and liberty for such failing, the matter or owner of all such ships and vessels shall pay, or cause to be paid unto the said corporation, the full sum of one hundred pounds sterling for every such time such ship or vessel shall proceed to sea or fail with passengers on board after receiving such order as aforesaid'; and in case of non-payment of the said respective fum$ of ten pounds and one hundred pounds herein before mentioned, within ten days after the breach of this act in manner aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to seize the said ship or vessel, together with all the tackle, rigging, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, and to sell and dispose of the fame, or a competent part thereof, for payment and satisfaction of all the said fines or forfeitures, and all costs, charges, and expences attending the seizing, detaining, and felling the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ship, boat, or other vessel of letter burden than sixty tons (except his Majesty's yatclit, packets, or other boats, wherries, or vessels conveying his Majesty's mails or fxprefles, or any expresses or dispatcbcs by virtue of such license as aforesaid) ilia! be permitted to act or trade as a passage ship, boat, or vessel, for carrying and conveying piffengers between the said port of Dublin and the different

Penalty on matters of pafTngc bouts,

&C. for t)b-

ftrti£Ung in-spe&ion, or going to sea with patten* gers, contrary to directious.

Storing, manning, and burden of passage boat*.

622 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ports of Great Britain, and that all such passage ships, boats, iKoo. anf| other vessels, shall carry one able seaman for every twelve tons burden of such ship or vessel, exclusive of the matter, mate, and boys under the age of eighteen years, and that such vessel shall be kept in good and sufficient condition, and well provided with all necessary tackle and materials, in due proportion to the burden, construction, and tonnage of such ships and vessels, and fully and properly manned as aforesaid, and at all. times provided with sufficient water for the use of the passengers and crew, and that no ship or vessel shall take on board more than one horse for every seven tons of such ship or vessel’s burden, and in default or neglect- of all or any of the matters aforesaid, that the matter or owner of all and every such passage ship or -vessel, being thereof convicted on the oaths of two or more witnessesto the satisfaction of the said corporation, or any three or more of them, shall pay unto the said corporation, for every fuel) neglect, the sum of twenty pounds sterling, the same to be recovered by distress, seizure, and sale of the said ship, boat, or vessel, and by all other ways and means in this act, and the said former acts mentioned and provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act no ship, boat, or vessel (his Majesty's yatcht and packet-boats, and vessels carrying expresses and dispatches under such license as aforesaid only excepted) shall be permitted to ad, ply, fail, or proceed between the said port and harbour of Dublin, and any port or harbour of Great Britain, as a paflap: Security ship, boat, or vessel, for the carriage and conveyance of bycapuli,"of passengers, until the matter thereof, and some other good paffagcvdfcls. and sufficient person resident in the city of Dublin, shall enter into,- perfect, and execute unto the said corporation a bond in the penal sum of two hundred pounds fierling, conditioned to observe, fulfil, obey, and in all respects perform and keep all and every the matters and things herein before directed, which on the part of the said mailer and owners are, and is to be observed, performed, and kept.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any time after the passing this act, any mailer, commander, or captain of any of the said passage ships, boats, or vessels,

(his

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

(his Majesty's packets'excepted) shall be found drunk or in* toxicated during the voyage, and be thereof convicted by the oatiisof two or more witnesses, to the satisfaction of the said ! corporation, or any three or more of them, such matter, commander, or captain, shall be for ever after rendered dif- ty iiifquaii-

r. , tied.

qualified from acting in- capacity of mailer,’ commander, or captain of any passage ship, boat, or vessel, and such master or commander shall not on any account be permitted to fail with any passage iltip, or vessel, with passengers on board, from the said port of Dublin to any port or place in Great Britain.

XVIII. And whereas by the said act of the thirty-second, year of his Majesty's reign, certain pains, penalties, and . forfeitures, are imposed on ail persons who shall injure the quays, quay walls, embankments, and other defences of the said river Liffey, and the said harbour of Dublin, and penalty tm. the harbour of Dunleary, by taking away the clay, sand, lioncs, and other materials, of which the same are com- j«>u>svuJ*»

StC.

[jofed, and by taking away sand and clay from the north md south lots; but doubts have arisen with respect to the Doubts» extent of the said river Liffey, and the said several embank- es,‘nt! ments, and other defences thereof, and of the said harbour of Dublin, north and south, where such injuries may be committed; for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said pains, fines, and forfeitures mentioned in the said act of the thirty-second year of his Majesty, shall extend to all injuries done or committed as aforesaid, to the quays, quay walls, embankments, and other defences, now and hereafter to be made, Extent of erected, or constructed, of the said river Liffey, and the wall,»*« said harbour of Dublin, and the itrands thereof, commencing on the north fide of the said river, Brand, harbour, and bay, from barrack-bridge, otherwise called bloody-bridge, in the county of the city of Dublin, to and including the harbour of Sutton; and on the south fide of the said river, strand, harbour, and bay, commencing from the same bridge, to and including the harbour of Dalkey; provided always,. Corporation that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, from time to time,

("here they shall see cause,) to mitigate, compound, or lessen all or any of tile pecuniary penalties or forfeitures in this act, and the-7 S 2 said

623

A.D. 1800.

i8co.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

said two former recited acts, specified and mentioned, as they in their discretion shall think fit, (o as such mitigation or composition ' do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalties inflifleil and directed to be levied by this act, and the said former acts; and every payment of the sum directed by such mitigation or com-i position, shall be sufficient discharge for the persons offending ro

spectively, for so much of the said penalties and forfeitures, as shall be so mitigated, lelfcned or remitted.

XIX. Whereas notwithstanding the laws now in being, to ea-

force the removal of timber and other goods from the quays, the proprietors of such goods- refuse or neglect to remove the fame, whereby the discharge of ships is much obstructed, and the passage of the said-quays rendered difficult and dangerous; for remedy

No timber, whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

itooM, colics, pmm In(j after tj,e passing of this act, no timber, deals, (laves,

&c. shall be

left more than ftoneS) -blocks of marble, or other (tones, calks or other vessels, ijuaya. t package or parcel of goods of any kind whatever, shall be permitted or suffered to remain after being landed on the said quays, longer than forty-eight hours; and in case the owners and proprietors of such goods do not remove and carry away the fame from off the said quays within the time aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said corporation, to impose a line cf sixpence Iterling for every such piece of timber, block of (lone, parcel of deals, package, and other goods that shall so remain cn the said quays, after the time aforesaid, over and above any fine heretofore imposed by the said former acts; and in case of noa-payment of such fines, and removal of such goods within the time aforesaid, it lb all and may be lawful for the said corporation :o remove the fame; and sell and dispose of a competent part there f, for payment of such fines and expence of removing and keeping the same.

XX. Provided also, Tint all timber, deals, and other grads, ca landing, shall be so placed on the said quays, as to leave twenty-lire feet clear for carriages and passengers, and that any goods otlur-wife placed shall and may be immediately removed by the said corporation, and all expence attending the fame, levied and paid Duty'ofliaven as hereirt before is provided: and that all haven mailers and other

How timber, &c. shall be* laid on quays.

otto"'11,11 officers, and servants belonging to and empowered by the (hide

yporation, shall prevent the landing of any timber, deals, blocks, ! (lones, packages, and parcels of goods on the said quays, u.iti! such part as shall or may be previously landed, and remain 1'urtv-eight hours, excluding Sundays, on the salt! quays, shall be taken and carried from ofi.the said quays.

I

The Fortieth Year of George III. 625

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

A.D. 1800.

Laid corporation and their successors shall, from and after the parting iSco. of this act, be.inverted with, and hold and enjoy all and Angular such powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things, Powers of for the purpose of promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering c0rP0rat10"' its port and harbour more commodious, and for preserving the walls of the river Anna Lifiey,.and for executing all other the purposes of this act as are now verted in the said corporation, and to enable the said corporation to summon juries for the valuing such lands, grounds, houses, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, as the said corporation may judge neoelTary for the further improvement of the said port and harbour of Dublin,; and that the said corporation be enabled to purchase and hold such lands, grounds, tenements, and hereditaments, and premises for the purposes aforesaid, such purchases to be made in such manner as directed in and by the said acts of the twenty-li.xth.and thirty-second years of his Majesty's reign.

XXII. And whereas in and by the second. Tertian of the said Miftjkc act, passed in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, one of aclci.,urK. the divisions of lots called acre lots, in the said act mentioned, lllK<l" charged with the.sum of two pounds ten shillings, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for collecting thereof, is erroneously dated and mentioned in the said act to he numbered on a map or survey in' the said act mentioned, made by the direction of the lord mayor, fheri(Ts, and commons of the city of Dublin, with the numbers-one hundred and thirty to one hundred and thirty-three,including the said two last numbers, and all the numbers between the fame; whereas in fad the said division of lots, called, acre lots, so charged, is marked on the said map with the numbers one hundred and thirty, to-one hundred and thirty-four, including the hid two last numbers, and all the numbers between the fame; be it therefore enacted, in older to rectify and amend the said error, that the numbers one hundred and thirty, to one hundred and thirty-four,'-including the f.iid two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers'between the fame marked on the said map or survey be, an'd the same are hereby charged with the sum of two pounds ten shillings sterling yearly, payable in manner in the said recited act mentioned, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame for collecting thereof.

XXIII. And whereas in am) by the said -aft so passed in the Supnin-thmy-second year of his Majesty's reign,-thj care, management and superintendance of the said river Anna Liffey, and the walls from Cariiiic bounding the fame, and the building and repairing of the said walls, so far as the said walls extend, or the north fide of the said 1)1 "h."-'-

V01.XX. '7T

river

626 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

river from CarUfle bridge to Bally-bough bridge in the city of i^o. Dublin, was and is exclusively vested in the said corporation and . Chap. 47' their successors for ever; and the said corporation by the said act

are empowered to rebuild or repair the said walls from time to time in such manner as they should think proper or judge expedient,

notwithstanding which by an error, and through omission in and by the said act no particular sum is charged or made payable by the: person or persons who then were, or nbw are, or may hereafter be

occupier or occupiers, or in pbffeflion of that part of the faiti ground situate on the north fide of the said river Liffey, commencing from Carlifk bridge aforesaid], and ending at the Custom-

Ovsen of house-quay, be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore-CwKncbildgs fa'd, That from and after the passing of this act, all and every per-to C,ilium- son and persons tvho is or are, or Avail be the owner or owners,

house quay , 1 rr rr c

flail pay occupier, or occupiers, or m any manner in tile possession of any

foofyiaHy ground, or of any house or houses, or other building or buildings,

ind fees. 1 which are or shall be erected on any part of the said ground,' situate on that part of the north lide of the livid river Anna LilFey, lying between Carlisle bridge and the Custom-house-qua.', and

fronting the said river Liffey respectively, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay or aule to be paid to the said corporation and their successors, at the ballast-olficcof the port of itublin for the time being, the sum f one Hulling and six-pence for each and every foot which such ground,

or such house or houses respectively shall measure in from to the said river, together with fees for receiving or collecting the farce, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the

sum which shall be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and fees to be made -on the twenty-fourth day of June "next.

TVlion two-

XXIV. And whereas the walls and boundaries of the said tWrdsof in- "river Liffey, on the north fide from Carlisle bridge to Island

huants of any ' u

-quay from bridge weliward, and on the south fide from Crampton quay uMtS'1’' weliward to" Island bridge, are at present much out of re-to'hwe'Sj Pa’r> an^ may hereafter in several parts require from time to repaired,'they time" to be rebuilt, repaired and amended, be it therefore third shall further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case two-pcLe'rCS" third parts or more in number of the several persons inlta-" biting, possessing, or otherwise entitled to the ground, houses and premises immediately opposite, and fronting such ..parts of the said river as the walls or boundaries thereof

' fiull

The Fortieth Year of George III. 62 7

shall require or become"necessary to be rebuilt or repaired, A.D. shall by writing under their hands require, consent and agree, 1 ">00-

that the said corporation shall rebuild or repair any part of

Chap. +7.

said walls, quays or boundaries, and shall also agree for and ascertain the expence of such buildings and repaiis by the foot for each house, that the other one-third or lesser number of such proprietors or inhabitants not confcnting or agreeing to such rebuilding and repairs, (as well as the said two-third parts or number of "proprietors and inhabitants agreeing and consenting) shall be equally charged, and shall pay unto the said corporation proporlionably all the uecessary charges and expences of all such buildings and repairs, the same to be apportioned by the foot, or part of a foot, equally on all the said proprietors, owners and inhabitants,

which said charges and expences when the same shall be ascertained and apportioned as aforesaid, shall be levied, collected, and received by the said corporation in manner as the afore- jf

said other tax for keeping said walls in repair, is directed to Y

be levied and received in and by the said former acts. lWr fjLAW SC110 t

XXV. And whereas by the said act of the thirty-second tocorp^ijjiBltAKT year of his Majesty's reign, a power is given to the said corporation in case of non-payment of the yearly sums paynwiv of therein mentioned,-charged and payable out of the several lots of ground on the north fide of the said river, to fell and difpnfe by public cant in'manner therein mentioned, all tile estate and interest of the person or persons holding or deriving any estateor interest by virtue of any grant or lease from the lord mayor, sheriffs, commons and citizens of tile city of Dublin, in the said lots out of which such arrear or arrears shall be due for payment and satisfaction of the said arrears, with interest, costs and charges as therein mentioned; xhclike and by a subsequent act passed in the thirty-third year of his Pu"'trK'"n Majesty's reign, the like power is given to the said corporation tofcilfuuih to sell or dispose of any part of the said ground, houses or premises on the south fide of the said river Liflcy; but by No power to the said acts no power is given to fell a competent part of said ["’p",1’'* cflatcsand premises for the pnrposes aforesaid, and it would be attended with great inconvenience and loss to the proprietors of said premises to fell the whole of said estates and inlcrcfts for the aforesaid purposes. And whereas considerable arrears of the sums payable by the persons holding and entitled to the said ground on the north and south tides of

7 T 2 the

6-j'S The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the fai'd river, now remain due, which for want of fuf-rSoo. cJent distress to'be had on the said ground, cannot be recovered in any other manner, than by sale of the respective estates, and interests of the several and respective proprietors, or persons deriving under the lord mayor, sheriffs, commons and citizens in the said ground, or of a competent part thereof, "for payment and Tatisfadion of the said arrears, and such further and other sum and Aims of money as shall from time to time in future'become or accrue due and payable out of the said ground and -premises, on the north and south 'fides of the Corpora- said river; be it therefore further enacted, That accordingly

the whole, the fai'd corporation and their successors from henceforth

pai^Tn'ortli d11! and may, :in manner in the said acts mentioned, in case of non-payment of the several sums of money payable by non payment the said acts, out of, and charged on the said ground, on oeauems. i nQrt[1 an(j f0uth fides of the said river Liffey, from time to time, proceed-to sell and dispose in manner in the said acts directed, with re'sped to the said lots on the north and south fides of the said river, all the estate and interest of the person and persons holding or deriving any estate or interci!

;in the said ground on the north and south 'fides of the said river, by virtue of any grant or lease from the lord mayor, (berms, commons, and citizens of Dublin, or competent and convenient parts of all the said lots, on the said north

and south fides of the said river, for payment and satisfaction of the several and respective sums payable out of the fame, with interest, costs and expences, as in the said acts of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of the reign of his Majesty is directed, respecting the said lots on the north <Frovlfossto an[j south fides of the said river; provided always, That fn jjitfcuthf.de. soon -as any part or parts of the said grounds on the south , ;fide of the said river, shall be demised or set by the persons now respedi.vely intitled thereto, or their respective heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, then the lessee or lcffees of such part or parts of said grounds, who shall pay all such taxes as shall be due and payable by such lessee or Irf-.fecs respectively, out of fuel) part or parts, as is or are, o; shall be respedivdiy, and in severalty held by him, her, or r'ncm, shall hold and enjoy their respective interests therein, freed, exonerated, and discharged of any arrear of taxes which may be duo and payable out of, or chargeable upon

4-

il!1'

The Fortieth Year of George III. 629

any other part or parts of the said grounds, on the south

A.D. 1800.

lide of the said river; and that any person or persons so 'h'---

deriving, shall not be liable one for the other for the pay-merit of the whole of the said tax, but that each and every part so held flits 11 be difiir.flly and separatolv liable to, and charged and chargeable with the payment of said tax of one jT.i'ii ig, and six pence per foot; and a further additional tax ofper.ee per foot, herein after imposed for each and every

iho; o;iv as shall be contained in front, to fuvh part or parts a" shall be so demif. d to him, her, or them as sfore-f'td: provided nevertheless, That in order to entitle any knee or lc flees of any past or parts of the said grounds on the (until fide of the said river, deriving under any person or persons now respectively entitled thereto, his or their heirs, executors, administrators or nfiigns, to the benefit of the exemption in the proviso last above mentioned contained, such lefiec or lessees, his or their heirs, executors, ndmini-(Irators, or assigns, shall; within one calendar month from the time of the execution of such demise of any part or parts of the said ground on the south fide of said river, make a return in writing, signed by him or them to laid corporation, containing the date and term of such demise, and the number of feet in front to the river Liffey, together with the incars and bounds of the premises thereby demised to be spe-dfied and set forth in a map to be annexed to such return, ulrich return and map shall be evidence against such leffec and liifers, his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or diipns of every thing therein contained in all proceedings at lev, or othmvife carried on by said corporation, under or by limit: of this or any other ad ror recovery of said tax or any

How id-fiv> Ih,ill be uin'ircil to bfiii'lit of l.ill y:ovik>.

arrmis thereof

XXVI. And whereas in laying down the said last men-ti n«l lots, two several publick streets, one called Forbcs-ti:m, ami the other called Benson-street, have been laid out ini.I approved of by the commissioners appointed by ad cfprilnmctit for making wide and convenient ilrccts between tire !:iid quay and the grand canal docks, which will tend to benefit the trade of the city of Dublin, and the public , J^it^ of ir. general, be it therefore further enabled by the authority ImJ ow Ik> aforesaid, That such parts of the said quay fronting the j,i, I hid river, as is or shall be contained or comprised in the p11111"11

’ i llC < XOl.wia*

Vol. XX. 7 U breadth m!.

’%0

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

breadth of the said streets, shall from henceforth be exor.o._rated ana discharged from the payment of the said fa:rherc-

j8oo. Chap. .47

A mar dot - by Kent and Lefavre.

-'Additional tax on lots iii pofllfltcn of r.iit tied . Lefavre.

in before imposed on the said ground and premises, on the Xouth fide of the said river Liffey.

XXVfl. And whereas by reason of the said ground on the Couth fide of the said river, lying wafie and unproJadirc for several years last pad, an arrear of the said tax on fi, several lots in possession of Edward Kent and Nicholas Lefavre, amounting to nine hundred and (ixtv-eight p-v.’n,!? is now due and owing to the said corporation: And the 1',:; Edward Kent and Nicholas Lcfavrc have prop -.fed to said corporation to fink or fund the said arrear or f.nf nine hundred and sixty-eight pounds, by an arldki-inJof six pence by the foot on the several lots in their pof f. (ion, which will cffeQually secure the payment of the f.ii-1 arrear, be it therefore enacted by the authority afmesaid, That from and after the passing of this act it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation to (ink or fund the said sum of nine hundred and sixty-eight pounds by an additional foot tax on the said several lots in the possession of the said Edward Kent and Nicholas Lefavre, at and after the rate of lix pence ftciiing for each and every foot, and so in propo;tion for less than a foot, which the said several lots, so in their pnffeffioii, shall measure in front to the said river LilTey, and accordingly the said "Edward Kent and Nicholas Lefavre, or fucll oilier perl’on and persons who now is or are, or hereafter shall or may, at any time or times, he the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers ol - the said ground on the south fide of the said river, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay, or cause to he paid to the said corporation and their Jiiarl-fors, at the ballad office of the port of Lublin for the time being, the said additional tax of six pence per foot for each and every 'foot which said lots on the south fide of the said river shall tnea-fnre or contain in front to the said river,-over and above the aiorc-said tax of one Hulling and six pence per foot, together with fws for receiving and collecting the said additional tax, at tile rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the sum which shall be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and fees Mpayment to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, which "'ill be in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, the said 2 additional

24jmie, 1801

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

°3[

additional tax to begin'on the twenty-fourth day of June A.D. next, and to be recovered and received in the same manner ' ^"'°-

5i the said tax of one shilling and six pence by the foot, herein before imposed on the find ground and premises, is appointed to be recovered and received.

XXVItl. And whereas by the fai.l ad of the twenty-fivth venr of the reign of his Majesty, in order to prevent frai-driI< lit; radices therein mentioned by persons buying and fePiiu; old rop.es and old tigging, fitch persons arc bound to t.-kr out licenses, and give fecitrity as in the fin'd act mention d: but for want of fufrtcient power in the said corpo-tr.ii n to enter into such houses and places where oid ropes iiul rid rigging are deposited and to examine the fame, great frauds and abuses (till continue to be pra&ifed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That from and after the passing this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands, from time to time, to enter into all places wherein old ropes or old rigging shall be exposed to fate, or . Corpora, shall be deposited, and to require such person and persons citil tt)enter v.ho shall expose the fame for sale, or in whoso possession furh old ropes and old rigging shall be found, to produce a or^ifg-certificate of the persons from whom the fame were bought, fold, &c. and that the fame were weighed at a publick crane, and ;!in the names of the buyer and feller thereof had been entered in the crane l ooks, in manner as directed by the said act: and in default thereof, that such person and persons shall be deemed as having hrofce and forfeited the condition of the bond by them entered into, pursuant to the directions of the said act, without any further proof thereof, and shall nlfo forfeit all such old ropes and rigging, and shall be fob-ted and liable to such fines, penalties, and corporal punish-nuits, as by the said former acts is enacted against persons Healing such old ropes and rigging.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said corpo- (Vrpnra. radon shall be, and is hereby authorized and required to try, '!£,""/ "r hear, and determine in a summary way, all and every the offences against, and breaches of any clattfeor article in this " ’>j present act contained, and to summon hi fore them parties and warrants, &c. v.itncues for that purpose, and to examine all such witnesses 7 U a upon

%a

A.D. 1800.

iSoo, Chap. .47.

ifi G. 3.

' shall comiiiuc, except tin nl-tereil by ilii; n<ft, or

0-3-

3*0. 3.

'shall continue, except as hereby altered.

A&ior.s to be brought within 0 months, for matters done in pmAiance of this act.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

upon oath, and to proceed upon every such trial, and to give judgment and sentence thereon, and issue their warrant or warrants directed to the sheriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, to keep in safe custody in the common gaol of newgate, or county gaol of Kiluniinham, Inch periaa and persons as shall be committed to their charge by tire laid corporation, and for the inflicting the punifltmerits directed by the!] sentence; and the said sheriffs are hereby directed to execute ani !:;-flidt such puniflrments accordingly, and the faitl corporation are hereby also empowered to levy all lines and forfeitures imd.r tub act, in such manner, and according to !u; It mode and prescribed by the said recited act of the twemy-ffuth ve.-.r ei" id, Majesty's reign, with ref ect to trials to Ire had be.', ic .!?)'; n -cectiings to be had by the said corporation, for and on aeoautr.' any breach or breaches of any clause or article in the f.dd i.tft tioncil act cop tain rd, and for tlte levying of hues and forki'.uru on account thereof, and all other lmn and sums of inoney which shall become due and payable by any person or persons to the said corporation', l>y virtue of this act.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said act of the twenty-sixth year of tile reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for ft ending the I rede nj Dublin, by rendering its perl and hr. voitr mere commodious, and all and every the powers, el.utlcs and provisoes therein contained, except such parts thereof as are altered and tcpealed by the said act of the thirty fecund year of the reign of his present Majesty, and by this present act shall be, and remain in full force and effect.

XXXI. And be it likewise enabled, That the aforesaid act of tire thirty-fccor.d year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repairing and pnferv’ug the f the river Anna l.if'cy in the city of Dublin, and for aiua.di.g an act passed in the iwnty-fxth year of his JUnje/iy's n.jfv, entitled, An act for promoting the trade of Dubhu by rcn.!c;v..g its fort and hat hour more commodious, and all and every the powers, clauses and provisoes therein contained, except such parts thereof as are altered or repealed by this present act shall be, and remain in full force and effect.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any addon shall be brough', or suit commenced again! any person or persons far any tiling which shall be done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the paemifes, or any of them, such action or liiit shall be brought within six months after the fad! shall be alleged to have been

The Fortieth Year of George III. '633

k;n done, and the defendant or defendants in such action may A- D.

]fc.J the general iiltse, and give'this act and the special matter in iSoo.

oider.ee at any trial to he had thereupon, and that the fame was

(':)!; in ptiri'uance and by the authority of this act, and if the fame

fr.all appear to have been so done, or if such action or fine llrbl

r.nt he brought within the time herein before limited, then tile j ary

lid! find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or DmiWecofls

[Ijiiitiffs in such action or suit shall be nonsuited, or fuflfer a dif- {rpl-vitittlfbo'

cciilinuance thereof, or if a verbid shall pals again! such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be give:r against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have.

doable colls.

XXXIII. And be it mailed, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corpo- to be rcim-ration to pay and rtimburse themfrlves by and out of the first of lire rates, duties and revenues which they shall receive by virtue of this ail, all such colls and expences as they shall be put to in the obtaining of this ail.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted l.y the authority ApubL'cit aforesaid, That this ail shall be a! publidy-ail, and shall be aA" deemed and taken notice of as such by ,:!i judges, justices aia! others in all courts and places v.ithoui* pleading the same.

7 X

T0l. XX.

SCHEDULES

A.D. 1800. Cha 47.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

SCHEDULES

t

I

t)f the several and respective sums of money, rates, duties, and charges, iroposed and payable, and to be paid by the matters, commanders, or owners of {hips, boats, and Vessels, to the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, under and purfusint to the foregoing :aift, and referred to thereby.

FIRST SCHEDULE, A.

For every ton of ballad which shall be delivered or taken on board any ship, boat, ot vessel belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or to the Britishi plantations, within the harbour of Dublin, or any of the creeks or harbours thereunto belonging, the sum of one {billing and six-pence per ton,

For every ton of ballast which shall be delivered or taken on board any foreign ftip, boat, or vessel, one-third part more than paid by {hips, boats, or vefllls belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the British plantations, being two shillings per ton, *.

For heaving ballast on board such ships, boats, or vessels, such Turn and sums of money as the said corporation can rca-fonably procure, the same to be done for not exceeding six-pence per ton,

For every ton of ballast which shall be put out of any ship, boat, or vessel, belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the Britishi plantations, within the said harbour of Dublin, or any of the creeks or harbours thereunto belonging, the sum of eight-pence,

s. d.

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 0 6

9

For

The Fortieth Year of George III. 63 3

£ s. d.

A.D. 1800.

For every ton of ballast which shall be put i&'oo

(H:t of any foreign ship, boat, or vessel within the said harbour of Dublin, or any of the creeks or harbours thereunto belonging, the sum of ten-pence, - © © 10

SECOND SCHEDULE, B>

For pilotage of all foreign thips or vessels coming into the harbour of Dublin over the bar from without the banks, the sum of six shillings per foot for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall then draw, and so in proportion for half a foot of water in all cases, but no allowance

whatever shall be made for odd inches, over or under half a foot in any case, 0 For pilotage of every such ship or vessel

from Poolbeg to the quays one shilling and six-pence per foot, - o

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels coming into the harbour from within the banks over the bar, four shillings per foot 0 For pilotage of every such ship or vessel

from Poolbeg to the quays, one shilling and six-pence per foot, - -9

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels

coming into the harbour from within the heads over the bar, three shillings per foot, o For pilotage of all such ships or vessels from Poolbeg to the quays, one foilling and six-pence per foot, - — o

For pilotage of all British or Info ships or vessels, (except ships and vessels laden with coals, with fifil in bulk, or with potatoes) coming into the harbour from without the banks jiver the bar, three shillings per foot, and so in proportion for half a foot as aforesaid, - -_0

7 X 2

6 o

t 6

4 a

1 6

3

1 6

3 ®

For

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

i Hoi'. Chap. 47.

For pilotage of all such /hips and vessels (except as aforesaid) from Poolbeg to the quays, one shilling per foot,

For pilotage of all such /hips or vessels' (except as a fore fair*) coming into the said harbour from within the banks over the bar, two shillings per foot,

For pilotage of all such drips or vessels (except as aforesaid) from Poolbeg to - the quays* one drilling per foot.

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel (except as aforesaid) coming into the harbour from within the heads over the bar, one drilling and six-pence per foot,

For pilotage of every such drip or vedel from Poolbeg to the quays, one drilling per

foot

For pilotage of every such drip or vessel laden with coals, not coming from any part of Ireland, coming into the harbour from without the banks over the bar, two shillings per foot,

£ s. I

0 I 0

0 2c

O I 0

O I (i

o 1 0

0 2 0

For pilotage of every such drip or vessel from

Poolbeg to tire quays, six-pence per foot, 006 For pilotage of all such ships or vessels not corning from any part of Ireland laden with coals coming Into the tire harbour from within the banks over the bar, one shilling per foot, - 0 I C

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel from

Poolbeg to the quays, six-pence per foot, 0 o 4

For pilotage of all such ships or vessels laden with coals coming into the harbour from within the heads over the bar, one shilling per foot, -

For pilotage of all such ships or vessels from Poolheg^ to the quays, six pence per foot.

o

0 6 Ad

flhe Fortieth Year of George ILL

£ s.

And the like rates before mentioned, payable by colliers or /hips, or vessels laden with coals, for pilotage inwards to be paid, and payable by all coasting thips and vessels taking pilots on board,

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels laden with merchandize, going out of the said harbour from the quays to Poolbeg, one drilling andfix-pence per foot, - o r For pilotage of all such foreign ships or vessels from Poolbeg over the bar, one shilling and six pence per foot, - " 0 I

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels in ballast, which shall take a pilot on board, going out of the said harbour from the quays to Poolbeg, one shilling per foot, o r

For pilotage of all such foreign ships or vessels from Poolbeg over the bar, one shilling per foot — - o :i

For pilotage of-British or Irish ships or vessels going out of the said harbour from the quays to Poolbeg, one '/hilling per foot, o i

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel. from Poolbeg over the bar, one/hilling, per foot, o i

G37

cl A’. D. i8co. Chap. 47.

6

6

o

0

o

o

1

CHAP.

63 B

A. " 0.

1800.

Chap..'4§.

‘ An Act - to amend an Act faffed in-.the- thir-ly-eighth Tear-, if -. the Reign.."of,.hit- pufent-. Majesty, entitled. An Act for amending the.rRoadf from) Dublin. to'. ',-Knockfedan,- in the County of Dublin.

y The. Fortieth Year of GgorgeJII,

t CHAP.-XLVIII.

v Friday the fiijl day of Augujly one thousarJ eight hundred; Royal difeiit giwr.,

JOHK CAVER, O.'CLER. PAP.I.

Persons herein named shall be commissioners for Knockfedan road,toge- ther with the pet fons named An the.38G.3.

Directors ,-ct roads.

*. 5 Directors -r»te do any act which 3 were empowered to do*

WHEREAS the’laid ad has-been found inefficient in some respedsj be it enacted-by'-the" King’s most excellent Majesty,.by and' with the advice and -consent of the lords spiritual and temporal; and1 commons in this parliament assembled, :and by the "authority -‘of - the fame," that Frederick Falkiner, esquire; 1 John- Staunton' Rochfort, esquir.e 5 Coghill Cramer,- esquire; 'and David: Babington, esquir.e ;' the vice-presidents of the'-Ddblin; Society,'and' their tccafurer and secretary for the (-time being,' 'be,' and they are hereby appointed commissioners of the: laid road, together with the -several persons in the’- said: ad named, and that upon <the: death-or. resignation of-, the said 'Frederick Falkiner, Joha StauntoBr'Rochfort, Gdghill Cramer, - or David Babington, a: new.commissioner shall be elected in his -?oom, in manner prescribed by the said act, and so asoften as any vacancy shall happen by the death or- resignation of any person so' chosen.

II. And be it further enacted,. That such four of the said vice-presidents,' secretaries, and treasurer :of the Dublin focipty, jas the said society' shall from time to time appoint for the purpose,' shall be directors of the said road jointly with the directors appointed: under* the said act, and shall before they ad, = severally; take the-oath prescribed foradi-rector-therein,.-and-.'shall- severally have, use, and exercise, all the powers and authorities-given to a director, appointed by the provssions 'of the said-ad.

III. And be it further enacted, That five directors shall be necessary to do. any ad which three are by the said law empowered to do.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 639

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be law- A.D. ful for the said directors to pay out of the funds arising by virtue of the said act, any money by way of poundage or allowance for money expended cn the said road to any super-

visor or gate-keeper appointed under the said act. viforsorgaie.

V. And in order to favc the trouble of calculating the proportional contribution to be made out of the tolls raised on the said road, and the Toad from Dublin to'Curragha, for repairing that part of the road which lies between the hoofe of Prospect and Dublin; be it further enacted, That it shall anil may be lawful for the directors of each of the said roads to enter into an agreement of a certain annual sum,

to be paid in lieu of said proportional contribution, out of Agreement tire tolls of the road leading from Dublin to Curragha, to the ".Unw fora# directors of the road from Dublin to Knockfednn, and that '*

bcpAui quar-

such sum shall be payable quarterly, and that on non-pay- to-iyio dimwit thereof, the directors of the said last mentioned road fr, Dublin shall have all and Angular the like romcdics for the recovery thereof, as is enacted m respetl of such proportioned contribution, provided always, that such annual Turn shall not be less than the sum of one hundred pounds, nor shall any such agreement be made’to continue for more than five years.

VI. And whereas provision is made by the said act,

That no part of the said road between'GlAfnevin bridge and Knocitfedan, shall -be widened to any breadth less than sixty feet, nor any new road be made between the said bridge and Knockfedan of a'less widththan sixty feet, and penalties’ arc -prescribed in the said act against any person who shall build any wall, or make any 'ditclv within eighteen, instead of within thirty feet of the centre of that part

of the/aid road; be it enacted, That all such penalties -penajo{,t, shall extend to persons building any wall, or making any ditch within thirty'feet of the centre of that part of the or making said road, and that every supervisor of the said road shall jok" have like power to pull down or fill up, or to level any wall, drain, or ditch, which shall be built, or made within thirty j"Kk^|[e fret of the centre of the said road, as is given to him by Vcja,i. the said act, in respect of those built, or made within eighteen feet thereof.

7 y 2

CHAP.

640 - The Fortieth Year of George!!.

A.D.

1800.

CHAP. 'XLIX.

- An Act to amend and continue two several Acts,' puffed in tk thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of, the keign of his present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into , the Losses of such of his Majesty's loyal l-ubjebls as have fiffered in their Property during the late Rebellion, and th; other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and for aulho-rifng the Payment of Sums therein mentioned to Pei fa; who have fiffered in their Per fas, and to the Widows and Orphans of others who lost their Lives in said Rekllion, and to Persons who exerted themselves in difctmering the fail Rebellion, and been exposed io Danger, or fufained Injury in Consequencs- thereof.

Friday thejirfl\ day of Aug'fly one thousand eight hundred, Royal Afftnt giur.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLLR. PARI

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Ma--jSG. 3. jesty, entitled, An Act for appointing commissioners to enquire into Losses of such of his Majesty's loyal fibjelh as have ken sufferers in their property during the flubflfling rebellion ill 'lids kingdom. and one other act passed in the thirty-minth year 39 G. 3. of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled,. An Act for mere cjflfiually carrying into execution the purprfes of an all faffed last flffion of parliament for appointing commissioners to enquire into losses of such of his Majesty's loyal fobjelis as have been flufferers in their property during the /ubflflrg rebellion in this kingdom, and for providing a fund for rewarding, in manner therein, ferflms who have rendered service -by dsfleoverits of traitors-, and whereas by the said iaft mentioned act. his excellency the lord lieutenant of Ireland was empowered to nominateand appoint such persons, other than those therein Appointment named, not exceeding twenty in number, commissioners for ^fioncre""1 enquiring into the said losses, and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury were required to issue and cause to be paid to the persons who should from time to time be so ap-6 printed

6+i

A.D. 1800.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

pointed, noc exceeding five in number, such fulary and oilier allowance for their trouble in carrying-the said act into execution, - 1 '"0o-not exceeding four hundred pounds for one year, to each such person as should be appointed by the said: lord- lieutenant; and Payment*, whereas on account of the number of claims made in pursuance of Salaries to he the said acts, it is expedient to allow salaries to such greater number of commissioners nominated-and appointed in pursuance of the said left receited act, not exceeding three, as the said- lord lieutenant mail appoint, not exceeding four hundred pounds for one year, for each person; be- it eiufted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af-letnaled, and by the authority of the same, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, for the time being, shall and may iliac and cause to be paid to such three other commissioners, over and above the former number appointed, or to be appointed in pursuance of this act, from such time as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, shall direct, such Falary or other allowance for their trouble in carrying the file! acts into execution, not exceeding the rate of four hundred pounds lor one year to each such commissioner as shall be appointed by the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or go-vernois, so that no greater number than eight of such commilEon-cr; shall ho entitled to,- or be paid any salary or allowance.

II. And whereas by the said iecond receited act, the period Timelimit-within which the said commissioners were authorized to receive the ’f1' r'T0"J claims therein mentioned, was limited' to the lirdr- day of July, in the year one thotlfand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and whereas many loyal fufyefts of his Majesty, who under the said acts might Rcac, ,|,y have preferred claims for loss of property, in consequence of their i ivalty and attachment to government, have by absence from Ire- claims: bml, and by various unforeseen or unavoidable accidents, without wilful neglect in themselves, and others from a misconception that p.iiiioiK preferred by them, Hating their lollcs, and praying fub-uiliiirc from the fund voted by the honfc of commons, in the fel-tnn of parliament in the year one thousand seven hundred and "incty-eight, for that purpose, were Micient claims for compen-u'-inn under the said acts, been prevented from preferring claims the said commissioners for compensation for their respective 1 -lies within the time so limited, and several of them have fmee the i"'piiMtinn of the said time offered their claims to the Ihidcotnmii-t: uiers, with latisftftmy proof on oath of the causes of such 'luliion, and many of such perlbus ate of the poorclt and most lot. XX. 7 Z pitiable

No more than 8 entitled to fabrics

642 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

pitiable class of claimants; be it therefore enacted, that in even 1800. case where any claimant or claimants was or were prevented from preferring his, her, or their claim or claims, on or before the tiid first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by absence from this kingdom, or by any unforeseen or unavoidable accident, without wilful neglect in themselves, or by the misconception aforesaid, and that the fame, together with the special canfcs of such omission shall be proved on What claims oath, to the satisfadior, of the said commissioners, the claim cdwdby" of every such person shall be received by the said commis-cnmm.ffioners sioners and shall be of the fame effect as if the fame had been

witnm 3

montlisafter offered before the said first day of July; provided that such paflinj, tins cjajm mac]c within three calendar months from the passing of this act, and that the said claimant’s case or cases shall in every other respect be conformable to the provision of the said recited acts.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether compensation could be granted under and by virtue of the said recited acts, for the Losses sustained by such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have been sufferers in their property during the said rebellion, between the sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in consequence of the rebellious atrocities which were so generally perpetrated through a considerable part of the county of Galway, by the horrid practice of houghing, maiming, and mutilating sheep and black cattle, and wicked and malicious Claims of burning of houses, out-houses, barns, haggards, corn-ricks, sufferers, in and other property; be it hereby declared and enacted, That between6 ’ claims of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have been mdeAprii, fuficrers in their property within the period aforesaid, in 1799, shall consequence of insurrection or rebellion, and of the said

be received.

atrocities which were the result thereof, and who have not been indemnified by presentment from grand juries or otherwise, for the fame, shall be received by the said commissioners, and such persons shall be entitled to make proof before the said commissioners of their respective Losses, and the said commissioners are hereby empowered to enquire into, adjudge, and certify the fame, in like and in , as full and ample manner, and under the fame regulations as they arc or may be empowered to enquire into, adjudge, and certify

the

Rates of

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ihc Losses of any other his Majesty's loyal subjects, by virtue nf this or the said recited acts; and his Majesty's said loyal subjects who have so i'uffered in their properties, in o'lifequenre of the said atrocities, within the period aforesaid, shall, upon proving such sufficient case to the satis-laclion of said commissioners, under the regulations of this act and said recited acts, be entitled to the fame payments t,v way of cornpcnfation, and in the fame proportions as any other of his Majesty's loyal subjects are or may be entitled hv virtue of this or the said recited acts; provided that it shall appear to the said commissioners, or any three of them, that such claims have never been laid before the grand jury of the county of Galway aforesaid, or having been laid before the said grand jury were by them rejcdled, or only in mrt compensated.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no greater proportion of the amount or value of the Losses certified in purfu-

' to he paid to

ance of the said a&3 or this act by the commissioners to have sufferere.

been fullained by any person, shall be paid as a compensation than after the respective rates herein after mentioned, that is to say, where the sum io certified shall not exceed one hundred pounds, after the rate of ninety-five pounds premium-, where the sum so certified shall exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, after the rate of ninety pounds per centum-, where the sum so certified shall exceed two hundred pounds, and shall not exceed five hundred pounds, after the rate of eighty pounds premium-, where the sum so certified shall exceed five hundred pounds, and shall not exceed one thousand pounds, after the rate of seventy-five pounds per centum-, where the turn so certified shall exceed one thousand pounds, and (hill not exceed three thousand pounds, after the rate of seventy pounds per centum-, where the sum so certified shall exceed three thousand pounds, and shall not exceed five thousand pounds, after the rate of sixty-five pounds per centum-, and where the sum shall exceed five thousand pounds, then after the rate of fixTy pounds per centum; provided always, that no person shall by such reduction receive a iefs sum than he or fhc would be entitled to, if the sum so certified had not exceeded the respective sums of one hun-7 Z 2 dred

644'

A.D. 1800.

i 8co. Chap. 49

Allowance in xonsideration of further lofTcs fufhm* ed.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

dred pounds, five hundred pounds, one thousand pounds, three thousand pounds, and five thousand pounds; provided always, That if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, that any person who shall be awarded corr.-pensation for loss sustained before the said sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, hath finer sustained further loss by the means aforesaid, equal to.tin-proportion of the sum certified in manner aforesaid to tithe amount of the loss sustained by him before the said day, by this act directed to be dc-dufled, and which the said cotn-missioners shall certify, then no such deduction shall be macs from any sum certified to he the amount of the loss sustained by any such person before the said day, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized to enquire into such further loss for the purpose aforesaid, and no other, in the same manner as they are empowered by said acts to enquire into any other loss; provided always, that if it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the said commissioners that the amount of the loss so proved to have been sustained shall exceed in value one-half of the entire property real and personal of which the claimant was possessed at the time, of sustaining such loss, the reduction so to be made shall not in that case exceed the one-half of the reduction to which his claim would otherwise be liable.

V. And whereas it has in many cases before the said commissioners appeared, and it may appear in other cases, th3t during the said rebellion many houses, out-houses and manufactories have been destroyed, which were in the occupation of persons holding from year to year, or by determinable leases, and that the occupiers thereof were not loyal, or that their claims on account of such houses, out-houses and manufactories have been disallowed by the commissioners, either on account of false evidence given on the paitof the claimants or their other demerits, and that the persons under whom any such occupiers held were loyal and meritorious subjects, and doubts have been entertained whether in such cases relief ought to be given to the loyal landlord, though his estate may have suffered greatly in its value by the destruction of such buildings, for the removal of such doubts, and to prevent any such occupier from being benefited by the merits of his loyal landlord, be it drafted, That in all 7 such

The Fortieth Year of George III. 645

such cases the said commissioners shall enquire into the in- A.D. jury sustained by the immediate landlord of such occupier, and that in all cases where they shall adjudge compensation to landlords for Losses sustained by reason of the de-

1800. Chap. 49.

ComjuMt-fstrut talari]-

Ilruflion of, or injury done to houses or manufactories bolden brdi win, by tenants holding on determinable leases, not shewing hydidoyal themselves to be loyal subjects, or whose claims for any of the reasons aforesaid have been disallowed, the said commissioners shall not in their certificates to the com midi oners of the treasury of the amount of the loss sustained by such landlord, express that the compensation to be given to such landlord, or any part thereof, ought to be expended in rebuilding or repairing such houses, offices, or ma 11 ufadories, as in other cases would be requisite.

VI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any n,>l!n,r bond is by the said acts, or either of them, required from be enured

1 to before thir

any person with any surety or sureties, the same shall and comniflumers may be entered into before any one or more of the commis-

(ioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said acts, or either of them, or before such person or persons as shall be appointed by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them for that purpose; provided always, That the person or persons so appointed shall not be entitled to, or receive from any person or persons giving such security any fee, reward, or compensation whatsoever Ncfcc for taking the fame; and every such bond shall be as valid as if the fame were entered into before the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury; provided always, That in any. suit to be commenced on any such bond, it shall not be necessary to prove the appointment of any of the said persons before whom said bond or security was executed, provided the said persons have at any time acted in the capacities aforesaid; and every such bond shall be deposited in his Majesty's treasury.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Teceipt or acquittance to NwlUrop be given by any claimant for any sum paid in pursuance of the said acts, not exceeding the sum of tyro hundred pounds, c>ceding shall be liable to any damp duty, any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the expence of taking out administration by claimants in right of persons deceased, falls very

646 Yhe Fortieth Year of George III.

A D.

1 Soo.

Chap. .49.

'CommilS*

ocersmay allow ex-paiccs of ad-mmillratu'n where cl ilins do not exceed

lool.

Claimants to

heavy upon poor persons whose claims are small 5 be it therefore en:i£led, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners appointed by virtue of 'said acts, or any three of . them, in their discretion, -to allow the expence of fuel) administration to any person or persons so claiming, where the sum claimed does not exceed onebnndred pounds,

!X. And whereas certificates may in foine infhnces have been granted, or may be granted to fraudulent or difloval claimants for want of timely information of such their fraud or disloyalty, and many.claimants may recover, or have recovered considerable parts of their loft property, after having received certificates entitling them to compensation for the fame; be it therefore enacted, That before any claimant un-

cE,twC ^er the said act fiiail receive, or be entitled to receive any srs, ti>.-ini'nit payment, or further payment, he or she shall, if required by

quelUuni, a.u ' . / 1

give c'i’irice, the commissioners appointed under the said act, or any three Ac. ifunmr- or more appear before them the said commissioners,

or any three or more of them, and answer such questions upon oath, and produce such other and further evidence with respect to his or her loyalty and Losses, and with respect to the recovery of any parts of his or her property, as the said commissioners or any three or mdre of them, shall in their discretion think necess.iry to demand, who in case of fraud, or in case they shall not be satisfied of such claimant’s being a loyal person, are hereby empowered and required to annul any certificate or certificates which may have been granted as to any such person, and in case of property recovered, to make such deductions on that account as to them shall appear just.

5y. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said commissioners, or any three or more of there, that the claim of any claimant or claimants to whom they shall have granted a certificate or certificates under said acts, or either of them, or this present act, was false and fraudulent, and ought not to have been allowed, or that such claimant or claimants was or were dilioyal, and therefore not cn-maybe"1"'" titled to compensation, it shall be lawful for the said eon> brouidua- missioners, or any three or more of them, to direct a civil

gaiull unions . - rt

u>whom«r. bill to be brought in any court ot proper jurisdiction, agamlt bwngmiw-d such fraudulent or difloval claimant or claimants, in the name which ought. of (Pc ft-erctatv to the lords commissioners of his M licllv’s

noi to lie J

allowed, trcufiuy.

Ihe Fortieth Year of George III. 647

tvcafury, for all such firm or firms as such fraudulent or dif- A.D. loyal claimant or claimants shall have received, in pursuance 1^'0, of any certificate or certificates of the said commissioners, and to recover the fame with full costs of suit.

XI. And whereas his excellency the lord lieutenant of jjijexct. Ireland, by his meflaee to the commons of Ireland, hath leney’* nn-f-

% 0 , fil'd for an act-

been pleased to signify that he had it in command from his dfim to the

Majesty to recommend to the said commons to consider of the expediency of enabling his Majesty, by an addition to lu

the present fund of concordatum, not exceeding the amount Los.

of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum, to make

provision for certain loyal subjects who had materially fuf-

Ured in their persons in the rebellion, and for the widows

end orphans of certain others who had lost their lives thereby,

to whom no compensation could be made by the commission-

rrs for the relief of fuftering loyaliils, by the powers now

vested in them; and that his excellency was also commanded

by his Majesty to recommend to the said commons to consider

of the expediency of further enabling his Majesty to grant

secret annuities, not exceeding the amount of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum, in order to reward persons

who by their exertions in the discovering of the rebellion

which has prevailed in this kingdom, had been instrumental

in the preservation of the loyal inhabitants from massacre,

and the fiate from destruction, and who by their services had

exposed their persons to danger, and sustained much injury in

their properties, and whereas the said commons have resolv-

Tivop;raiit»

cJ, that a supply be granted to his Majesty in addition to of 1500l.

the present fund of concordatum, not exceeding one thou- J,'1C,1’ sand five hundred pounds per annum, to make provisions for certain loyal subjects who materially fuffl-rcd in their persons in the rebellion, and for the widows and orphans of certain others who lost their lives thereby, and also that in order to enable his Majesty to grant secret annuities, a further sum not exceeding the amount of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum, be granted to his Majesty in order to reward pirfons who exerted themselves in the discovery of the bid rebellion; wherefore be it enacted, That it shall and may to lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to such of his I'lajeiiy's loyal subjects as have materially fuflered in their 8 A 2 persons

£*4 3

A.D. 1800.

i3oo ' Chap. 49.

Annuiiua to fu/T ’< is,

V/iJ ns auJ , orphans.

Annuities in trust for persons who exerted them* selves ss here-, via,

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

persons in the rebellion, and to the widows and orphans of others who lost their lives thereby, such annuities or yearly sums as his Majesty ftrtli be pleased to direct and appoint, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand five hun-dr-d prinds yearly, and to be paid and payable during his Majesty's pleasure, out of the fund called the consolidated fund, in the order, and in the like manner as payments on account of concordatum are now paid or payable out of the said fund, any thing contained in an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, ax act for the support of the honor and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a ckil I f; establishment, under certain pr.vijtons and regulations, to the contrary thereof in anyuife notwithstanding

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to grant any annuity or annuities not exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, to the under secretaries, or either of them, in the office of the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, in trust for such persons who by their exertions in the discovering of said rebellion have been instrumental in the preservation of the loyal inhabitants from massacre, and the ft ale from destruction, and who by their services have exposed their persons to danger, and fnfiained much injury to their properties, such annuities to be paid in such proportions as shall be directed by the ! lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom; provided that no such appointment of any portion

of such annuity or annuities shall be made subsequent to the thirty-first day of December, one thousand eight hundred; and provided also that such annuity or annuities may he grant-

ed over, above, and besides any annuity or annuities already granted under or by virtue of an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, ,111 act for more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of or.

fessed last session of parliament for appointing commissmun to enquire into Losses of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects a; have suffered in their property during the subjijling rebellion in this kingdom, and for ‘providing a fund for rewarding, in mil-

ner therein, persons ewho have rendered service. by discovery if traitors.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 649

XIII. And be it enacted, That all such annuity and an-

A.D. 1800.

unities shall be charged and chargeable upon, and be issuing L'

end payable out of the said fund, called the consolidated fund, ^1X13

in like manner as any annuity or annuities granted under or

0 . mimes Ifcall be

It virtue of the said recited act is charged or chargeable, if- jnyabkoMaf

i'uable or payable, and that the said tinder secretaries, or ci-

ther of them, to whom such money is to be paid, shall, be- Oath to t« , taken by iia-

iare tnc tiiuing or payment or any such money, take and Jcrfecau. fuhfui'oc an oath, in v. riling, before one of the commission- nt'J bcfyr'

> nr»u*)* u il*

as for executing the office of lord high treasurer in Ireland, I*1---1-.’v.iffih oath any of the said enmmidinners is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) to the like purport and r Iff cl as the oath prescribed and appointed in and by the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, with rc-(jtcci to the annuities therein mentioned; provided that when Ammld.-s any perUm to whom any portion of any such annuity shall uteomnni. have been granted or appointed as aforesaid, shall die, such annuity, as to such portion, shall cease and bs no longer payable.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said under secretirics, Unterfc-or either of them, who shall come to the knowledge of the g.*"";*’of death of any such person or persons, shall give like notice al,nl;‘'.aiit«. thereof, and that the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury

ifoll have like power to examine them or either of them upon oath, as to the existence of the persons amongst whom the annuity or annuities that shall or may be granted, under or in pursuance of this act, shall be appointed to be paid as by frid act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, tiv f.iirl commissioners have with respect to the existence of the i'cih’r.s amongst whom the annuities therein mentioned Live i con gran red; urovided nevertheless, That no grant or

o Not to pre.

is which lli.di he made by his Majesty under the autho-:y nf this act, shall extend, or be deemed, or construed to m.ikinj;auy tj reftrtin his Majesty from making any other act or "*btrl,ro,is' pwvkion which his Majesty may now lawfully do under the vlxns of the before mentioned act, passed in the thirty-tear of his Majesty's reign; and such annuities as shall tc i>avab!e out of the sum hereby granted in addition to the rap.cordatum fund, and the annuity or annuities which shall ic granted to the said under secretaries in pursuance of this V01.. XX. S B aft,

6 ,0 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ad, shall be issued and paid so long as the same shall r(fnf, 1800. lively subsist, notwithstanding tin. limitation of the dura:i-n of this act.

Recited acts

XV. And be it enacted, That the several acts herein h:fre

Gt’o*"- shall reclte^ to have been enacted in the thitty-tighih and continue. ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, brand ;,-t hereby continued, and shall remain in full lores as if t'llt said acts had not been limited.

CHAP. L.

An Act for gt anting certain Annuities to tie (fan anti tendants if loth Hufes oj Parliament, wlif cjjJU uhL tendance fall cerf after the Union, ir idtjc (fie: JLI! be dimintftd in Value thereby.

Fin!tty the Fuji titty of flugujl^ One thoustind right hundred., Ro-;il uu

johk CAvr;:, n. *. ltu.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS after the union the duties of frvcral of j the officers and attendants of the two houses of the parliament of Ireland will cease, and their offices aril ct-tendar.ee will be ciifcontinued, and the offices of otlxrs of the said officers will be diminished in value, and it is rqui-taHc and just that a compensation be- made to such per tons during their respective lives, for the lofsof emolument v.liidi they shall sustain thereby; wherefore be it cna<f!ed by the King’s most txccllei Majesty, by and with the advire aid consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and connimn; in this present parliament assembled, and by the auiloiitv Sums annexed of the fame, That there shall he paid to the several eliaci;

and attendants of the two houses of the parliament ofirchwi, named in the schedule hereunto annexed, and uhofc oflhcs paVons :larc- or employments respectively are described in the fain hit-dule, yearly, and every year, in manner as herein nur. i-onrd, during their respective lives, the several sums :a-nexed to their respective names, as annuities and conju-fations, severally, for their respective losses.

to naircs nicntiomtl 111 fclialuli: fall be jjai'd to

during their Jives.

The Fortieth Year of George III.II. And be it enacted, That where any part of thcemo-

A.D. 1 S’oo.

laments of any officer named in the said schedule hath been '‘00’_

a charge upon, and paid out of the civil list establishment,

the fame shall continue a charge thereon, and shall he paid "',u,<:r

e 1 any pr.rt of

thereout in the fame order, and in the same manner, and mtanii

Inch person, and directed by this ai\ to be paid to him.

JII. And be it craifted. That so much of the said fe- P.llier

vcral annuities or vcarlv fnros in the said schedule mention- f-U out m

of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of fame, bet with preference to till other payments which shall or may be charged upon or payable out of the fame hereafter, and shall be paid during the lives of the said persons respectively, to them, and their respctlive assigns, in net money, free and clear from all taxes and deductions whatsoever, in manner following, that is to say, one full year’s annuity on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and one full year’s annuity on every twenty-fifth day of March in each succeeding year; and the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorized and required to issue and pay, or cause to he issued and paid the said several annuities or yearly sums, during the time they shall respectively subsist in r.tanner aforesaid, without any further warrant in that behalf.

IV. And be it enacted, That the coromiftioners for Vo.,if-

Juniors ;ti;ti

cxeculing the office of lord high treasurer, and all other office of officers of the treasury and exchequer, now and for the time '-'m'"' d,;!' being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to :cl do all fuel) acts, matters, and things, as are herein directed, or which shall be necessary to be done and pci formed by them, to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed effectual; provided always, that no grant under the

cr.nioliiLitecJ

8 B 2

authority

f{j£2 ?rhe Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. authority of this act shall extend or be construed to extern a8cc. ,to restrain his Majesty from making any other grant or pension, which he may now lawfully do, under the prov'diont Nothing of an-aft-pa fled in this kingdom in the thirty-third yes- of

- 'herein th'-lll_' > , r J

ysilrain liij his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the fnftort

»ai:ngoXr of the honour and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland, and

jrsnts. for granting to his Moj’jfy a civil lijl establishment under or*

turn fr.ovijibns and regulations.

THE

Tl'e Eov.tl&t'h 2 ear.oj^ George ILL

A.p.

too. Chap.

THE SCHEDULE, to which the'fopcgoin.ga£l refers, con.

Mining the names of the officers and attendants of the two houses of the parliament of Ireland, whole offices or duty Khali cease after the.union, or v/hofe offices may be diroinifhej in value thereby, with a description of their rcTpeflive offices-or Rations, and the Tutus authorized by the said aR to be paid to them yearly, as a coai-, perTation for- their respective Losses.

:HOUSE OF LORDS.

h'.hn carl’hf Clare, lord chancellor, speaker John carl of Mayo, chairman of ‘the com- 397 8 s. 2 ,i. 4

mittees H'43 6 0

Edmund Henry lodd Glenttvorth, clerk of the crotfn'in-chancery William Mecke, esq. clerk of the,parlia- ‘379 ro 0

ments — 2705 16 c

Thomas Lindfayyefq. usher of the black

rod - -- 964 "99

Edward W'rfihy, esq.' mnfter in chancery . 104 4 2

Thomas Walker, -esq. matter-in chancery l-Or 4

William Henn, esq. master in chancery J C4 4

Stewart King, esq. matter in chancery John (5ayer, esq. -deputy clerk of the -94 4

parliaments Thomas Bourchrer, esq. deputy clerk of d5i I-3 4

the crotvn in chancery not V> 1

John-Gregg, esq. clerk assistant 7 So r 2 4

Joseph Griffith, esq. -reading clerk «93 I

Henry Mindish, esq. serjeant at arms Richard Carpenter Smith, jun. esq. commit- 31-+ *2

tee clerk 251 6 O

Edmond Fenner, - esq. journal clerk 187 7

'Bryan Connor, esq. yeoman usher 243 16 6

William Walker, esq. additional clerk 7° 0 0

Vtw. XX. -3 C Theobald

t

654 'The-Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. f. s. i

1800. Theobald PJchsrd O’Fla’ncrtv, clerk in the

parliament office 74 10 c< C

Charles Joseph Jolly, door keeper at the great door 92 n 8

John Polding, door keeper to the robe room 02 / w 0 0 u

: Patrick Martin, door keeper to the clerks

office - - - 92 0 p K.

William Corbitt, door keeper to the speaker’s

chamber ?°5 0

‘-"William Graham,--fide-door keeper 02 rt C

Paul Thoraplon, door keeper at the new

entrance 92 O 8

; George Paine, additional door keeper 92 ft s

Patrick Long, messenger - 91 13 .0

James Cavendish, mefferiger - — 9i 13 ,0

Michael Ojiinan, messenger 91 »39

' John Tobin, messenger 91 39

' Mrs. Albinia Taylor, keeper of the parliament honfc ' 877 i 89

‘ Mary Fovi'ler, house-keeper -472 18 11

Mary Anne Forfler, hmife-mnid 2096

Sir ‘ Chid ester' Fortescue, Ulster, ' king at

arms - -- !290 '95

Philip O’Brien, gate-keeper 42 6 3

Richard Taylor, keeper-of the -speaker’s

chamber - - S'° 0 c

'"Henry Wclbore visconnt Clifclen, clerk of the council 1 Si 13 T

Henry Upton, deputy clerk of the-council 10 + 8 II

John Patrickfon, esq. deputy clerk of the

council, usher- of the council chamber,

and solicitor for turnpike bills 42195

-Mister William M‘Kay, assistant clerk of the

council 100 17 it

John Ebbs and Elizabeth Grant, door 8

keeper and council office keeper 14 I

John Dwvcr, eft].- 1'ccretary to the "lord tf

chancellor 2.9 2 5

John Bcrtsford, esq. purfc bearer to the

lord chancellor 14 11

Andrew Bowen, water porter 4 t

The Fortieth Year of George HOUSE OF -COMMONS.

m

J. d

Right Honourable John Fofter, speaker Hcnrv Alexander, esq. chairman of the -5C3S t> 4

committees of supply and ways and

means 500 0 0

Sir George Fitz-Gerald Hill, baronet, clerk

of the house 2263 *39' -

Edward Cooke, esq. clerk of the house in reversion John Me. Clintoek and William Fofter 500 0 0

Me, Clintoek, esqrs. fericants at arms 1200 0 0

Edward Trefham, clerk assistant 504 6 1 c

George Frederick Winftjnlcy, committee

clerk 2'5 0 0 0

Jonathan’Rogers, do. 250 0 0

James Rafferty, assistant committee clerk too 0 0

Dawson Ellis, superannuated :cngrcffitTg

clerk '140 0 0

Chailcs Henry Tandy, engrossing cletk Townley Richardson, assistant engroftin'g 398 7 c

cicrk - - 4 William Rafferty, clerk in the chief clerk’s i;5o 0 '0

office, clerk of the fees, and clerk of the minutes - - - 470 'O 0

"Henry Coddington, deputy serjeant at arms lames Cony, clerk of the journals and 3 5° 0 0

records - 660 0 0

Jdm' Smith, assistant clerk of the journals

and records 230 0 0

Roderick Connor, attending clerk 60 0 c

Arthur Hume, clerk of the briefs I 00 0 0

John Judd, assistant clerk in the chief clerk’s office John Leslie Fofter, esq. speaker’s secretary George Donlevy, messenger Robert Burnside, back door, keeper Robert'Fleming, ditto Joseph Dogherty, messenger Dennis Smith, ditto

i o 68 48

48

46

46

6

o

o

0

0

0

8

5

o

0

c

(V

o

i/CV.

S C a

65 6 \.Tl.e. FortiethS ;ef- George-

A.D. 1800.

' y°°-o ^edds Donlevey;- messenger e__Richard Grace,: ditto

Robert Garland, ditto

; Edward Byroe, ditto; Denis Brenan, ditto -

Daniel Brenan, ditto Hugh Gahan, ditto John-Browne, ditto Andrew Carson,- ditto ' Patrick Fertal,-ditto; Jeremiah. Bannen,-ditto Joseph Morley, ditto —

George Shirley, ditto ' Michael Dalton, ditto John King, ditto

William Browne, distributor "of-, votes Hugh Higgins, afiiliant ditto Sarah Connor, house-keeper

John Kennedy, door-keeper John Walth,- ditto Mary Connor, house attendant Thomas Scavers, ' fire-lighter; Rodney Watham, ditto !'Edmond: Henry. lord.Glcntwonh, clerk of the hanaper

Thomas Bourcheir, deputy ditto John Beresford, esq. purse-bearcr to the

lord chancelior; Mrs. Albinia Ta.ylor, keeper of - the ;.parliament-house

HI. £ J. i.

36 0 4

36 0 0

3d; 0 -Q

36 -0 0

36 0 Q

36 0 0

36 0 0

'36 .0 (J

36 0 C

' 56 0 c

-51 IS 6

36 0 :Q

36 0 0

36 0 0

S6 0 0

; 130 0 C-

30 - 0 c

- 401 13 2

*68 4 9r

1.6 3 4 9*

4 11 0

: I I 7 0

' 6 16 .6

-s 61

'5 2 :5 6

r* n 18 -9

‘ ?-40 -.0 CG

ttiBA’P.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LI.

Jri Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Free Hundred Thou find Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and fir authorizing the raising of the fat'd Sum by Loan.

FriJ.ty the First Day of dfngitjl, One thoussnJ eight hundred Royal /ffh;ighw,

JOHN GAYER, D, I'LKil, PARL.

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that encourage- Preamble, ment be given to the general system of inland navigation in Ireland, by parliamentary grants, under such conditions and regulations as parliament shall think fit, and that the same shall be especially applied to opening one or more lines of communication between Dublin and the river Shannon, and to the rendering the Shannon navigable from E.-pediemT

I.ongh Alien to the sea, provided the fame can be done on L,inland8' terms iufl and reasonable between the public and the un- "‘'S3110!’’

J 1 and opening

dertakers thereof; and it is highly expedient in order to communtca. cilahlith a further protection for the trade of the port of nu'.Sn j,i.i Dublin, that a sum be granted by parliament to cited such <llcSIwmwb. purpnfc, under such conditions and regulations as parliament (halt direct. And whereas the means heretofore provided ag.iinft the improvident expenditure of public money granted Mens hereto, towards the furtherance of inland navigation, have not an-fiveted the purpose expected, and it is necessary to establish f'wcd'hc

r 1 1 ’ purpok*:

regulations by which such works may be carried on with propriety and oeconomy; wherefore be it cnadud by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieu- r-,"a

' tciumt i-iu-

tenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for powemt t,.

the time being, from lime to tin c, to nominate and appoint

live persons to be directors of ail works relating to inland ‘

1 1:7 htficm <ie-

navigation in Ireland, or for the improvement of the port fcriM. and harbour of Dublin, who thall h..vc full power ami au-Vol. XX. 8 D thority

65 8 Yhe Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

thority to order, direct, regulate, and appoint all matters idoo. an(j things Whatsoever, in any manner relating to the making, furthering, and completing of any canal and works relating to inland navigation, towards the defraying of the pcnccsof which any public money shall be applied; and such directors, or any of them, and every other person who on the death, resignation, or removal of any director shall he appointed a director in manner aforesaid, may be removed from the said office by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, who may direct and appoint that each of the said directors shall 50Di. a )«r |je pgjj a salary not exceeding five hundred pounds f-r annum.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, from time to time, to give such orders Lord lieu- and instructions for regulating the conduct and duty of the giveordnsto said directors as may to him or them seem proper; provided directors. such orders and inflrqciions shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this act.

Diveflors

III. And be it enacted, That the said directors, or any ufilms and three or more of them, with the approbation of the lord hert-may difmif, tenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, shall tiicm.andmVy anci mav, from time to time, appoint all officers necessary

appoint fala- J 1 1

rict, withap- to be employed by them in the execution of this act, and such other persons whose assistance may from time to time be necessary therein; and the said directors may suspend any such person, or with such approbation as aforesaid, dismiss any such persons from" his office or employment; and the said directors, or any three or more of them, shall and may appoint such reasonable salaries and allowances to all officers and others employed by them in the execution of this act. a? shall be approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

IV. And be it enacted, That no person who shall hold or be possessed of any flock or debenture, in any canal or other work which shall be made or carried on by virtue of this act, shall be capable of being a director in pursuance of possessed of" this act; and if any person possessed directly or indirectly ot bauurc shall any such flock or debenture, shall hold the office of dircc-i»e a director for, every such person shall forfeit three times the value oi

under this ail.

c such

The Fortieth Year of George III. 65?

such flock at debenture, to be recovered by, and paid to

A.D. 1800.

ss.ch person or persons as shall sue for the same by action of

debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin; and if any officer or other person who shall be employed by the said directors in the execution-of this act, shall ex-aft, takug j intake, or accept of any fee, perquisite, or reward whatsoever, for any act, matter, or thing done, or to be done, relating 10 the execution of this act, except such fa]ary nr allowance as shall be paid or appointed to be paid by the said directors in manner aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That the said directors, before they shall act in any trull committed to them under this act, tliall take and subscribe the following oath

I A.B. Do solemnly promtfe and fi.aear, that I mil faith- 'of' fully and impartially, according to the bcjl of my fill and bh ia- Kstoo. ledge, execute the several powers and trusts committed to me in and by an act of parliament made in Ireland, in the fortieth year of his Majesty George the third, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the film of fie hundred thousand pounds for promoting inland navigation in Ireland, and for the other furpcj'cs therein mentioned, and for authorizing the raising of the said Jim by loan, without favour or afession, prejudice or malice; and that I will not, during my acting as a director, hold direiUy or indheilly, any fcck, debenture, or inleref in any inland navigation.

So help me God.

Which oath any one of the barons of the court of exchequer, or any two lords of the treasury shall administer, and shall attefl the swearing of the fame before him.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said directors may, DiWiore

_ may ctmituci

with the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other clnct fm ii-mfc governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, con- Mul‘‘ lci" trad for and take an house or offices for their meetings, and for tianfafling of their business under this act, the annual Rent, rent and expences of which, including taxes and repairs, shall not exceed three hundred pounds.

8 D 2

66o The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

VII. And be it enacted, That all the said falsrr'cs, a(.

ibv,o. loKanres, rent, and expences rn the execution of this afi,

X-XX£.!' fha^ be a charge upon the fund provided by'this aff, and shall Salaries,&c. he jffued and paid thereout.

Hiatt be a 1

chargenpnn

VIII. And be it enacted, That any three or more of

viXtibytwi raid directors, at any meeting, shall be a sufficient nurc-

her to transact any business; and the said directors Hull 3 Directors 't

may transact cause a book to be provided and kept, wherein the names AW; to of l'c directors prefect at every meeting, shall front time to tr kqn by fc- time ye entered by their secretary or clerk, and the entry of

crrtnrv r.ud y J 1

f-giKuty the proceedings on every day of meeting shall be finned by &ch tl'e chairman of such meeting; and if it shall appear by the said book, that in any week three of the said directors shall Proportion of not have met two days in such week, then for every such Wy^«be*. 'vce‘l proportion of the salaries of all the said director; ducaa for flia|] he dcdnfled from the yearly allowance appointed for

f«oii*aUciu f J J ‘ 1

daoci:. them, and shall be retained or cease imless the want of attendance at such meetings (half proceed from the lirenfeor order of the lord lieutenant for the purpose of said director; executing their duties under this act, or by unavoidable sickness, or the intervention of holy days; and the entries in such book shall be allowed in all courts of law or equity, or elsewhere, as evidence of the acts and proceedings of the said dvreclors, or of their attendance at any meeting.

IX. Atld be it ctiafled, That all petitions, memorials, returns, accounts, and other papers and documents relating to the undertaking or carrying on of any inland navigation

EnttuT, in iVII book llittll be evi-d-Moe.

All petitions, mid other psipurs ichling tt>-inland navi-

gatmn Hiatt be heretofore prefontedto the house of commons, shall he handed

i!il ova ‘

ovc, to the said directors, to be safely kept by them.

Onwh-.it X. And be it enacted, That no aid out of any public

Condition: aid

outufyuhtic money shall be given for making any new canal or tvmks. Or altering or completing any canal already begun, nr any works relating thereto, or for improving the port or harbour of Dublin, unless the scheme thereof shall have been laii before the said directors, and approved of by them, nor Uriels the same shall have been approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and by three of the comniiUioners of his Majesty's treasury; and no memorial, proposal, or offer for making any new canal or works, or for altering or completing any canal or work; already tegun, shall be laid before the lord lieutenant or

lianddd ova tu dirc&or

ut tail nmricy*.iv be given io Complete or after a canal: nr improve the pint or liaibmn of Dublin,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

661

other chief governor or governors of Ireland, or the lords cwrnnifltoners of his Majesty's treasury, by the said directors, ynless the person or persons who shall make any such application, shall have observed and complied with all the regulations and conditions in this act prescribed to be done in

A.D. 1800.

18 eo. Chap. 51.

t'uch case.

XI. And be it enacted, That when any proposal for Propofab

making or improving a navigable canal, or making or improving the navigation of a river, or for altering the line of

ar.v canal specified in any act of parliament, shall be pre- gaii.MM.fu-

frntaitn the said directors, a description of the line of fitch acmv]w.iicd

intended canal or navigation, and the land through'which ['*'

the lame is intended to be carried, shall be laid before the directed.

laid directors therewith; and that one month at the lead

previous to the presenting of fitch proposal, notice shall be Notice;«

;ivcn by advertisement in the Dublin gazette, and two or Uub1"'t?'

? o’ zette and

- are other newspapers publifl.ed in the city of Dublin, and-‘"'‘rjapen, ionic country newspaper, if any fitch newspaper shall 1c pttb'ifl-.cd in any county or town through which such line is proposed to be carried, or in the next adjoining county where any neiyfpaper is publishrd, if no newspaper be pub-lifncd in the county through which it is to pass, then by advertisement to be polled on the door of the court or fef-li.in-iiotise of the county through which such canal is intended to pass, specifying the baronies through, to, and near which respectively such canal is intended to be carried; and that a fclteduic be presented with such proposal. Hating the tolls and duties intended to he taken on such canal or navigation, and before any such proposal shall be presented, i'jclt notice as aforesaid shall be given to the treasurer of every comity through which such navigation is intended-to past, one month before the same shall be presented to said directors.

XII. And be it enacted, That when any such proposal Eilinutis

' 11 to be lumped

iiiall be presented, an estimate mall be annexed thereto ot to proposals, die expence of such undertaking, signed by the person or ^mToffub-prisons making the same, specifyint; whether any and what |<--r,t>u<imlJic. ..uunludis, locks, or bridges are to be made, with their fe-po.f;itc c-xpence, and an account of the money subscribal for carrying the said work into execution, and the names of the nmferibers, with the sums severally subscribed by them, or

Vo 1,. XX. 8 E if

66a

A.D. 1800. Chap. 51.

Copie* of pro* pofals, &c. to be sent to lord lieutenant, and to lords of treasury.

Deposites and payments shall be forfeited when default is made.

Particulars to be dated by persons de* firous of obtaining a charter.

Powers of corporation created by charter, to make bye laws.

When undertakers are created a body coipome, they shall have fame powers ns were veiled in canal corporation, and as are herein recited.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

if the expence of such work is not intended to be defrayed by subscription, then an account of the manner in which the expence of the fame is proposed to be supplied, and a copy of every proposal, and of the several matters aforesaid required to be presented with of annexed to the fame, be at the same time transmitted or presented to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and to the said lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury.

XIII. And be it enacted, That where the making or improving of any navigable canal, or the making or improving of the navigation of any river, shall be undertaken by subscribers, who shall agree to defray the whole or part of the expence of such works; all deposites and payments of instalments made by them respectively shall be forfeited, in case default shall be made in the payment of the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed to be paid, if the same shall be demanded.

XIV. And be it enacted, That when any persons proposing to make any of the works aforesaid, shall be defiraus of obtaining a charter, to enable them more effectually to carry on or perfect the fame, all the particulars desired to be granted in such charter, shall be Dated to the said directors, in order that they may report upon the same to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and to the said lords commissioners of the treasury.

XV. And be it enacted, That the members of any corporation so created by charter, or any seven or more of them, shall have power to make bye laws, provided the same are not contrary to the laws of the land, and provided the same shall be approved of by the lord chancellor, or any two of the chief judges of Ireland.

XVI. And be it enacted, That whenever the undertakers of any of such works shall be conDituted and created a body corporate for carrying on any navigation, they shall be invefied with all such powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities for carrying on the fame, and off-branches therefrom, as were before vefied in the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigation, and as now vefied in any company for making any canal in this kingdom, and for enabling them to purchase and summon juries for valuing

lands,

the Fortieth Year of George III.

lands, houses, tenements, and hereditaments, except orchards, the produce whereof is not intended for public sale, yards, gardens, lawns, walled deer-parks, and planted avenues, as may be necessary for completing such navigations, and making wharfs, quays, store-houses, market-houses, locks, basons, docks, and other conveniencies as to them shall seem necessary, and may be enabled to hold such lands, tenements, and hereditaments as they so purchase; and every such corporation shall be invested with like powers to take, turn, and draw into such navigation, and off-branches, waters of all rivers, rivulets, lakes, and brooks, necessary for carrying on the aforesaid works, and supplying them with water, first making compensation as by the saidadts is required to owners and proprietors ofmills, or bleach-greens, damaged by such works, or by carrying off such waters, and to all other persons injured in their property thereby; provided that all valuation of lands and houses, and other property be made according to the real value of such lands and houses, and other property bore on the day on which notice thall have been given in the Dublin gazette, of the intention of making and carrying on such canal; provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent any such corporation from purchasing any garden, orchard, yard, lawn, walled deer-park, or planted avenue, or any part thereof, by agreement with the proprietors thereof, provided that if such canals shall not be carried into execution within such time as shall be limited by the said directors, there shall, in such case, be a new valuation at the request of such owners and proprietors as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every such corporation 1I13II be capable in law to purchase any lands and houses, besides those to be used for said navigations, to the annual amount of five hundred pounds and no more, and to grant and demise the same.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in consideration of the expence and trouble which any corporation or company which shall be erected, shall be put to in making and maintaining any navigation, and the off-branches thereof, it shall ami may be lawful to and for such corporation or company, and their successors from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to ask, demand, receive, and fuc for, to the use of

8 E a such

Corporation may purchase lands and house* to amount, of 500l. a year.

Rates herein after mentioned maybe tikeu by corporation.

Powers to mile ami carry away materials.

Company may borrow money.

Yearly accounts to be laid before lord lieutenant and lords of treasury.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such company and-their successors, the several Tates and du. ties herein after mentioned , that is.tp say, for every boat or vessel navigating the said navigation,:.and off-branches, or any part thereof, either upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matter whatsoever shall be carried, and such rates and duties, as by any charter to, be granted as a.foresaid, fuel) company shall be. authorized ;to ordain; and appoint;,.not exceeding ihe.sum of two-pence.;for every mile; for and upon every ton of the burden or tonnage of such boat.or o:iur vefftl, or'for every ton weight of such goods,; merchandizes, or commodities whatsoever, which shall be ...carried upwards or downwards upon any such navigation, at the'discretion of such company; provided always, That no higher toll than one-penny per mile be charged upon each ton weight of corn, meal, malt, flour, potatoes, lime, fluid,; fuel, or manure, nor more than three-pence per mile for each p.iffenger.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all such companies, their agents, and servants be, and are hereby invested with all and every the fan e powers and authorities for railing and earning away gravel, stones, earth, and other materials for the works of any navigation and off-branches, as are veiled in overseers of public roads, by several acts of parliament in that case made and provided, subject to the fame regulations and restrictions to which overseers are by such acts made subject.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such company to take up, and borrow' upon the credit of tluir works and their estate therein, any film not exceeding the amount of subscriptions then actually expended on their ro spedlive works, at any rate of interest, not exceeding legal interest, which sums so borrowed shall be a lien on their rc-speclive estates.

XXI. And be it cradled, That at the end of every tear, the said directors shall make an account of all the works that have been performed in such year, the expences thereof, the money paid for the same, together with a statement of the works purposed to be executed in the ensuing year, distinguishing such as have been approved of and recommended to the lord lieutenant, by the said directors, and an estimate

7 of

The Fortieth Year of George III. 665

of the expences thereof; and that the fame be laid before the

A.D. 1800.

lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, 1 0,

and the lords commissioners of the treasury, both for the time being.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said directors shall have power to contra <3 with all bodies corporate or other wise, and Diroaois with all individuals for the joint execution of any work for km, the purchase or rent of lands or tenements, necessary for the &e. carrying on of any navigation, and for the purchase of tolls row levied, or intended to be levied on any canal made, or to be made in Ireland, or any part thereof; and that all such Mies corporate shall be empowered to fell their lands and tenements, or tolls, or any part thereof to the said directors.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where cognizance is given to the said directors touching the execution

of this ail, or any part thereof, it shall and may be lawful Directon to and for the said directors, or any one of them, to ad mini f- urVatii".1

Ur an oath or affirmation to any persons or persons who shall appear before them.

XXIV. And4le it enacted, That if any person so to he sworn and examined before said directors, shall wilfully and corruptly swear falsely before the said di-icclors, on such his examination before them, he shall be liable to be indicted and prosecuted for perjury on account thereof, and being thereof convicted by due course of pmfei.,lt;u« law he shall be adjudged to suffer the pains and penalties of fu'i,ni'"y-wilful and corrupt perjury'.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no order or refolulion at any meeting, either of the directors to be appointed in pursuance of this act, or of any company or corporation for carrying on any navigation, shall be refeinded, unless notice in writing of the intention to refeind the fame, shall have been left at the respective places of abode of the per- u--

fons present at the time such order or rrfolution was made, fourteen days at leaf! before the day of the meeting at which such order or resolution is proposed to be refeinded.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no canal, or oft- bl.^|lrjj">1j|"1 branch from any canal, shall be autiu.-iizcJ by the said di- 'Wl1'

* itnuther with-

tertors to be carried on, which shall interfere with, approach to- .,m umfuit, Vol. XX. 8 F wards,

- 666 The Fortieth Year of George III.

Carfnl company may appeal 101, lieut. iVcottftc/J.

Expediency *of making navigations carried mi without pri-viitealfiltaiice, ftibic&to cou-troul of'said directors.

wards, or be injurious to any other canal, without the consent of the company or undertakers of such canal, unless the said directors shall, upon hearing the parties, think proper, and their determination be approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and by the lord’s commissioners of the treasuryj- provided always, that if any company of undertakers of any canal shall think themselves aggrieved by such determination, it shall :and may be lawful for such company, within- one month, to appeal to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors in council, whose decilion thereupon shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

XXVII. And whereas it is expedient that such navigations as have been heretofore carried on and executed by means of public grants alone, or by tolls arising therefrom, without the afliftanee of the private property of any individual, and such as shall hereafter be so carried on, should be subject to the controul and direction of the said directors, in order that the tolls arising from such navigations may be applied and expended upon like information and security for the public advantage, as by this act are required in respect of any other works,- and in order that where no tolls are or shall Irecol-h-sted on such public navigations, or the tolls, if any be collcdeJ, shall appear to be insufficient for maintaining and keeping any iltdi navigation- in proper repair, it is expedient that the said directors to be appointed in pursuance of this act should have power to apply such Aims as shall appear to them to be necessary for maintaining.!ml improving such navigations, not being in any part private property, and that all corporations heretofore erected for the carrying on and managing of such navigations should cease; be it therefore aasTsrciaud ena^e(lj that f° much of any act or acts as created any corpora-to appoint- tion, or appointed any persons trustees for the direction and raa-

menu of truf- r

tecs, &c. for nagement or any navigation not any part private property or donsftaifbc tarr'ct^ on or maintained with the private property of any person

repealed, and or persons be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and every such to'Fi, &c. corporation be, and the fame is hereby dissolved, together with all offices and authorities derived therefrom.

All such

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all such inland navigation--, &c.'a« hae- together with all lands, tenements, banks, backways, and every Wd' directors matter ant^ [^nS appertaining thereto, and all the funds and tolls belonging to the lame he, and the same are hereby vested in the

laid

The Fortieth Year of George III. 667

hid directors, and in such person and person and persons as shall A.D. iucceflively be appointed directors in pursuance of this act. iSco.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all powers and authorities which were vested in any corporation- or company for carrying Po>vCTs on and managing any of such navigations be, and the same are u'/ioc hereby vested in the said directors, who shall have full power and cm->'n>g n authority todirect and superintend the management of every Inch ° navigation- in all respects whatsoever, as well as in respect of malting alterations and improvements therein, and to maintaining the lime, and to regulate and establish all tolls which may he taken-on any such navigation, and from time to time to appoint and to remove all such officers and others as may be necessary for conducting the business of such navigations, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and also with the approbation of the lords commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, to appoint such salaries and' allowances for such officers and others as may be nceeffiiry, which fabrics and allowances shall be paid out of the tolls arising from such navigations respectively, or, where the tolls shall not be sufficient, out of the fund granted by this act.

XXX. And whereas it may in some cases ire fennel expedient that there should be local superintcnuaats of such navigations, as are hereby vested in the said directors; be it enacted, That it shall and A maybe lawful for the said directors, if they shall think lit, from time m.nt uf U-atto time, to nominate and appoint without salary or reward, such i',',', persons as from contiguity of their properties to any luclv naviga- ,ul ICWJr<1' tion may be interested in the prosperity thereof, and such persons as from any other consideradon shall appear to the said directors to k proper prr.bns to be superintemhnts of ftieh navigations respectively, and with such powers and authorities as liich directors shall think ft, and such persons shall and may excreil'e such powers and amlv'riiies in respect to such navigations as shall be committed to thei mpcrintendance, as the said directors shall authorize them rdp.-ctively to exercise; provided always, That the said directors may, from time to time, remove such perfous so appointed super-intemlants; and provided that no- new work shall- be undertaken or bemnuved !>/ executed without such approbation as herein before required; provi led always that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be Hnw fjr

crafimed to extend, to authorize or empower the said directors in f"«i directors . I»av inlcrfi-rc

say manner to interfere with, direct, or controul any corporation ivim comiei-

orcompany heretofore incorporated, where private property has

ken expended in the conduct or management of their works or wlicre private

_ [inij.city Inn

o V Z 01 been tfXpi'lhU

cd.

C58 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or revenues, lave and except so far as may be neceflaryto ^ifcoo. superintend and controul the expenditure of such grants as may be made to them under this ail.

XXXI. And whereas by a resolution of the house of com-

u Resolution

-ofhonfeof mons of’ the third day of July, one thousand eight hun-jX'.'iCoo3,11 dred, it is resolved, Thai the lord lieutenant, or other chief f' yoo.uoot governor or governors of Ireland, be empowered to authorize ioinland na- and direct, that a‘fum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds be applied-to the general fytlem of inland navigation I'1 b"iir#of 'n ^t'iand, and particularly to the opening a communication

j)uUtn

Siii! Him is . Itcrcbv gnmi-«!, anti may {icrmTa! is

Said sum may heap-jtlutl and jf-W.asby x\ns aft <11-

between Dublin and the-river Shannon, and to the render, i ing of the Shannon navigable from Lough Allen’to the sea, - and in payment of such expences as shall be incurred in carrying the fame into execution, in such manner as shall from time to time be recommended and approved of by such di-rcdlors of inland navigation as shall be appointed in pursuance of nnv act to l-e passed this session of parliament, and for such other purposes as shall by such act he. diretkd, and for the improvement of the port or harbour of Dublin; be it enacted, That the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds be, and the fame is hereby granted to and veiled in his Miijefiy, tc be applied, from time to time, to the purposes of this ail, and that for raising the fame it shall and may be lawful for the louis commissioners of his Majestyh treasury, from time to time, with the approbation of the lord . lieutenant for the time being, to raise and borrow such part or parts thereof as shall or may be necessary, in such manner as may be most advantageous to the public, either by ilkf of debentures or treasury bills, or both, or by iiliic of '(lock transferable at the bank of England, or by issue of flock tiansfcrable at the bank of Ireland, aided or not aided bypremium, or by annuities, for certain terms of years or bk being granted with them, or by the sale of annuities for one life each, or for certain terms of years, or by all or an) of the ways and means aforesaid, together or lepmately.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the said sum of five linn-.dred"thousand pounds shall be applied to the purpose afou-said, and shall and may be issued and paid by the coau:'l;|1' oners for executing the office of lord high treasurer in Irdan... in such manner as is hv this ail directed.

XXXIII. A’-'

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds shall be applied to the carrying on of such works as shall be authorized to be,executed in pur-fuauce of this act, and no other, and all sum and sums of money which shall be allowed towards the fame, shall be certified by the said directors, or any three of them, to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, and every such certificate, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland thereon, shall be sufficient authority to the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, to issue and pay such sums of money to the corporation, company, or person or persons, to which or whom the fame shall be authorized or directed to be paid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the said directors, and also all corporations, companies, and persons to whom any monies shall be paid in pursuance of this act, shall, as often as required by the commissioners of accounts, duly account before them for all their receipts and payments in and concerning the matters under their direction and management, tefpefUvely.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any contract or agreement shall be made by the said directors, for making any canal or communication with the river Shannon, with any navigation company, in a line or direction different from that heretofore.pointed out or agreed to, it shall and may be lawful for the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, upon the certificate thereof to them by such directors, and they are hereby required to vacate and annul any recognizance heretofore entered into by such company, for the execution of such other communication; provided always, that such navigation company shall have previously entered into a fimi-lar recognizance, and lodged the fame in the court of exchequer, for the.execution of such new canal or communication, within such time as the said directors shall appoint, in an amount bearing a like proportion to the work to be executed, of which the certificate of any three of the directors shall be deemed sufficient proof.

Application of Corns to be certified a» herein.

Receipt* and paym«ics shall he ac-Counted lot.

If new contracts are made, former rct'ogui-7.aiK«s way be annulled by barons of exchequer.

8 G

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LII.

‘An Act to regulate the Collection of the Rates and faxes in Ireland, in RespeB of Fire Hearths, Coaches and other Carriages, and of Male Servants, and on Dwelling-koufes inhabited, according to the Number of Windows or Lights . therein respectively, and to secure the due Payment thereof.

t/ t Friday the Firjlday of-dugttflj one thousand tight hundred} Royal At fail grvtv-

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARI.

670

A: D. i8co.

FOR regulating the collection of the rates and taxes payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors' in'

; Ireland, in respect of fire hearths, coaches and other carriages, and of male servants, and on dwelling-houses- inhabited, according to the number of windows or lights therein respectively, and for securing: the due payment thereof; ‘"be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of" the lords spiritual and temporal,-and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every owner or oc-Powtrof CI1P'er *ny dwelling-house or edifice, thall, on demand . hearth-money") made by any inspector, supervisor, or collector of the rates and

officers to in-

spestand taxes on*/ fire hearths, admit such inspector, supervisor or ofk&tpW collector, into such dwelling-house, and all out-houses and offices thereunto belonging, and into every room, or other i place therein, and permit such inspector, supervisor or collector, to survey- the hearths, firing places, = and stoves - therein, and to take an account thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful for every such inspector, -supervisor and collector, to survey every house or edifice, and the number of hearths, firing places, and stoves therein, and to take a true account thereof; and that any such inspector, supervisor or collector, shall and may in "the day time, between the hour of ten of the clock of the forenoon, and sunset, with the assistance of a magistrate, constable,- or other person ailing as a peace officer; and‘in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refnfe to attend and af- lift, then without any such assistance to make entry into any

house

The Fortieth Year of George III. 671

house or edifice, and into the several apartments therein, and A.D. take information from their own view and survey, of the p,1^00,1 number of fire hearths and other places used for firing, and (loves therein, and accordingly to such account, the several lioufesand edifices therein mentioned, shall be charged with the taxes on fire-hearths, which shall then be payable, unless where any such house or edifice has been newly built, in which case such fire hearths therein as appear not to have been used or capable of being used at the time of such survey, shall not be charged.

II. And be it enacted, That in any case where any such inspector, supervisor, or collector as aforesaid, shall have been admitted, or shall have made entry into any house or Occupier

mayrefufeto

edifice to survey and view the fire hearths, troves, and other admit officer firing places therein, the owner or occupier of such house or edifice, or other person who shall attend such inspector, supervisor or collector, upon such survey, upon consenting that kitchen, the house or edifice shall be chargeable with the tax in respect of one fire hearth, for any room therein, may refuse to admit such inspector, supervisor or collector, into any such room, except the fame be a kitchen, or a room in an out-housej and in every such case every inspector, supervisor and collector, shall accordingly charge such house with the tax in respect of one fire hearth in every such Toom.

III. And be it enacted, That no house containing fix hearths or upwards, situate within the distritft of the metropolis of Dublin, or within any city "or town corporate in which no (hop shall be kept for the sale of any goods, or in which no spirituous or other liquors shall be fold, and which shall be wholly set for lodgings, and occupied by

lodgers, each lodging set to, or occupied by one person or fcrlbal shall; family, and not confiding of more than one room, nor any house containing eight hearths, or upwards, the greater part of the rooms in which shall be set to, or occupied by lodgers, rc.ir of a each lodger not subject to a rent exceeding five pounds "B‘trrate’ yearly, though the same shall be partly inhabited by the owner, shall be charged with any higher rate of tax than two shillings for each hearth or other firing place therein, or with any arrear of any higher rate.

IV. And be it enacted, That the rates and taxes on fire

pi 117/tali be

hearths shall be charged on the occupiers of all houl'es, out- ciisr>;-a<m 8G2 ’ houses

and also ar-irais for 2 ycais only.

Stopping

: hearths.

Perfojts v/lio keep car* fiages will) 4

wheels, or with 2 wheels liable to doty, shall fend notice in writing to hearth-

money office ..within 14 -days,

The Fortieth Year of ' George III.

'honfes and edifices thereunto belonging respectively, at the time the said tax became due* -and-on the goods and chattels of such occupier, or on the goods and chattels of any Cub-sequent occupier of such house, :at. any; time for the '{pace of two years and-no longer, after the Taid'tax became due.

V. And - be it enacted, 'That -if any person shall -within the year, in order to evade the payment Of the tax on fire bhearths, payable within the said year, flop up, deface, cower, or conceal any :hearth, -firing place, or ftovc, chargeable with the said tax, and the fame be proved either by

-.-cortfession -of the -party, or upon oath before one or more ijustice or" justices of the peace, -or chief magistrate, or by i:his or their--view, every such person shall -be charged with, and1 pay double the amount of the tax for the fame, to be levied as herein mentioned-, and.if atiy;question or difference-shall arise concerning the flopping up of any hearth or firing-place, or about the taking of any distreTs for, or levying the duty for the lame, such question, -upon complaint in that behalf, shall be heard and determined by the chief ma-,gistrate of the place, or by one or more justice or justicescf the peace, and the proof of the-time that any such hearth -was flopped shall lie on the owner or occupier of the house; provided always, That ;.no hearth, ‘firing-place, or (love, shall be deemed to be flopped up, unless the whole of the fame-be built with stones or bricks, and mortar made with Jime.

VI. And for the better collecting of the rates and taxes on coaches, chariots, berlins, calalhes and chaises, be it enacted, That every person who shall have or keep any coach,:chariot, berlin, calash, or-chaise, with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, chargeable with duty to his Mi-

jjesty, his heirs and successor-s, shall within fourteen days: after he or she shall have or keep any such coach, chariot,

! berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, by writing -under his or her hand, certify to the examinator of the hearth-money tax in Dublin, a true account of every such chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four-wheels, and chaise with two wheels, which he or flit shall have or keep, with the name of the place, and parilll -of his or her residence or abode, at the time of giving such certificate: and if any person or persons shall have or keep

any

The Fortieth Year of George III. 673

any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four

A.D. 1800.

wheels, or chaise with two wheels, changeable with the f.tic!

Chan, v:

lax, which shall not be certified by him or her m manner

aforesaid, that then and in such case every such per foil or

persons so having or keeping any such coach, chariot, berlin, '

calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two ivhccb,

not certified as aforesaid, shall forfeit the film of twenty

pounds; provided always that nothing herein contained shall to 1V1.

(object any person to any penalty for not certifying his or

her carriage or carriages in pursuance of this act, who hath luvcnlrcadr,

already certified such carriage or carriages in pursuance of any former act requiring such carriages to be certified in

in.inner herein prescribed.

VII. And be it enacted, That every person having in his,

her, or their keeping or pnffefiion any coach, chariot, berlin, *v"

calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two o-.hemnill.*

wheels, belonging to another, and chargeable with the £ ciiarged.'J

said tax, shall be charged for every such coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, with the tax payable for the fame, in the same manner as the owner or proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the exariiinator of the Examtimor hearth-money tax, shall on demand without fee or reward,

give an acknowledgment under his hand, to every person mcutl-who shall certify any carriage or carriages to him, that such carriage or carriages hath, or have been certified, which certificate shall be evidence of such carriage or carriages hiving been certified; and the examinator shall once in i,t

cverv three months transmit to each colleger of excise a ll:"llram.nl

by examina*

liflnf all perfous redding in such collector’s di Ariel, who for.

ih-II have certified their carriages to him within the said

dire: months, which lifts shall be preserved by such collecters, and every person who shall have paid the taxes on

laid carriages may resort to such lift, and the same shall be

evidence on any information on this act, that fuel) person

lull) duly certified his or her carriage to the said examina-

lor; ar.(l such collectors respectively shall under their hands, j,ys tole

mi or before every twenty-fifth day of March, give a true !'.«> i>y»i-

lid of all coaches, chariots, Jicrlins, calaflics, and chaises

with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, from time

(yyq. 51v? Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to time returned to them respectively in such certificate!, with the names of the persons and places of their abode respectively mentioned in such certificates to the collectors of I the taxes on fire hearths.

IX. And be it enacted, That the persons for tile time ;being authorized to collect the taxes on fire-hearths, shall have full power and authority to levy, colied, and receive

'the taxes on coaches and other carriages, in the same manner :Hcani- as the taxes on fire-hearths may by this act be levied, col-

cers may col- leded, and received, and shall respectively sign and deliver

acquittances without fee or reward for the fame, and shall :keep duplicates thereof in books to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances are given and kept for the tax on fire-hearths, and shall respectively return the books containing the duplicates of such acquittances to such person and persons at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner as books containing the duplicates of acquittances for the taxes on fire-hearths are returned. Coach- X. And be it enacted, That every coach-maker, or other ruryst‘"col.' person making any of such carriages as aforesaid for sale in 1 --Sou. Ireland, shall within ten days after he or file shall fell ami deliver any coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two. wheels, certify t-o the co!-lector of excise in the district where such coach-maker shall reside, the kind of carriage lie or fhc hath so fold and delivered, and whether with four or two wheels, and the name of the person to whom he or file has fold the fame, together with the place of residence of such person; and if any coach-maker or person making carriages for sale shall omit to give-fitch certificate as aforesaid, every such coach-maker or person shall for each and every such neglect forfeit thi sum of twenty pounds, which penalty may be recovered by information in the excise-office of the district in which

"Aperson such'coach-maker shall dwell; provided always, that no wtioI c»- person who shall keep and certify to the examinalor of the

tered a car- 1 J

riaSe with tax on fire-hearths in manner aforesaid, any coach, chariot, not'ent"r d berlin, calash, or chaise with four wheels, shall be charged «nc with a. w;(]j t),e tax payable to his Majesty upon chaises with ttfo wheels, nor shall any such person be obliged to make any entry of any chaise with two wheels.

XI. Aui

The Fortieth Year of George III. 6 /5

XI. And be it enacted, That no carriage, whether with A* 1).

C > ] hflp

four wheels or with two wheels, shall be deemed a cabriolet or garden chair, or be exempted from any tax as such, in case the same shall be used by any person not paying the tax for one or more carriage or carriages with four wheels, or in case the same shall be used upon any public or high road, at the distance of more than three miles from the house or demesne of the person to whom the same belongs,

unless for the purpose of fending fueit carriage home to the

proprietor thereof, when it shall have been first purchased, or

for the purpose of fending the same to be repaired, or returning from being repaired, and that no carriage lie deemed a cabriolet

or garden chair, without the meaning of this act, if any of the wheels thereof shall be of a diameter exceeding four feet.

XII. And be it enacted, That no carriage shall be wim (tut " deemed a hackney carriage, or carriage kept for hire, or be

exempted as such from any duty payable to his Majesty, carriage-unless such carriage shall be licensed pursuant to the regulations by law established for licensing hackney carriages plying for hire in the city of Dublin, or unless the person keeping the same shall take out a license for that purpose from the collector of the district in which lie or file shall re-fide, for which he or she shall pay the sum of one fllilling, and no more, nor unless the name and surname of the person keeping the fame, and his or her place of abode be painted on the outside of the pannel of each door of such carriage in words at length, in white letters on a black ground, or in black letters on a white ground, not less than one inch Jong; and if any person shall keep any coach, chariot, or cliaifc for hire without fuel) license as aforesaid, or without having his or her name or surname, and place of abode painted on tile outside of the pannel of each door of such carriage in manner aforesaid, he or file shall lie subject to the taxes payable on coaches and chaises not kept for hire, notwithstanding such coaches or chaises may have been used for hire.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every owner of any coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or cliaifc usually let to hire as a job carriage, shall certify under his or her hand to the joll examinator of hearth-money in Dublin, the kind of carriage Wage*, hired, or which shall have been let for hire as a job carriage 8 H 2 by

676

A.D. 1800.

-Chap. 52

-Il.'OD.

'Words to ‘ fce painted on fronts of houses where carriages arc Aept for hire

Tax on male servants.

The Fortieth Year of George III."

by him or her, for any space of time not less than one ’ month, and the name and surname, and refldcncc of the person to whom the fame hath been, or shall have been hired, and the term1 or time for which the same shall be f> -let for hire, and every owner of any coach, chariot, berlin, -calash, or chaise, who shall let for hire any fitch carriage as 'a job carriage, shall, as often as he or file shall let the fame rfor hire, within fourteen days after he or she shall let fmh carriage, certify under his.or her hand, to the said exarai-nator of the taxes on fire-hearths, the kind of carriage to let for hire as a job carriage by him or her, and the name and surname, and residence of the person to whom the firee hath been let for hire, and the term or lime for which the fame, shall be so let for hire, and for every default in certifying in manner aforesaid, every owner of, or person letting for hire any such carriage, shall forfeit the sum of twenty r pounds.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every person hereby required to take out a license as aforesaid, shall have, or cause to be painted on a board, with letters visible and legible, at least one inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black upon a white ground, his, her, or llicir name and surname, or names and surnames respectiv. ly, at full length, and the words licensed to keep carriage, fir hire, which board shall be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outfideof the front of his, her, or their house rcfoedlively, not more than three feet distant from the top of the lliop door, or flrcet door of such house, and such person or persons rd’pcdUvely shall preserve and keep up the fame during the time he, flic, or they shall continue to keep such carriage or cariiages, or in delault thereof shall forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds.

XV. And-for regulating the collection of the rates and taxes payable to his Majesty in respect of male servants, and leaning ahe due payment thereof; be it enacted, That the rates and taxes payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successsors in respect of male servants, ilia'll be collected and paid as form after the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, as the same shall be demanded.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said taxes, in R’spedl of male servants, shall not extend to any servants who shall be -really retained or employed for the purposes of hufhamlry or manufacture, or of any trade or calling, by which the mailer or

ruidrcls

- The Fortieth Year of Qzorge IH. 677

mistress of such-servant shall earn a livelihood or profit, and who

A.D. 1800.

shall not at any time be employed in any capacity, in re- 1800. spedl of which, a tax is payable for any servant.

XXVII. Provided-and be it enacted, That the - tax ^.payable Who n»l! for every coachman, groom or-postillion, let oat to hire by way ^1^ of job. Hull be paid by the mailer or mistress -so letting the fame K'°oms> Pof-

' r ° Hiltons ana

out to hire, in-whose service such coachman,.groom or poltillion gardens shall be employed respectively,- and the tax payable for any gardener retained or employed by any person who shall contrail for the keeping of any garden, shall be paid by the person for whose use, and-in whose garden such.gardener iliali be employed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the taxes 'Wlmfe tr. payable for male servants shall not be charged in respect of any.

butler, cook, gardener or porter, of the university, or the-servants of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor-of this kingdom for the time being, or of any servants of the royal hospital near-Kil-mainham, or- of the blue-coat- hospital, or lying-in hospital, or any hospital or charitable infiitution.

XIX. And be it- enacted, That the said tax shall not be charged on any officer serving in any regiment of horse or dra- eers shall be goons under the rank or not, receiving the pay of a field 6'fficer, «*enipnd. provided he retains no more than - one- servant, nor on any officer

i'erving in any regiment of artillery, infantry or marines, or corps of engineers, for any servant who is aihially a soldier in the regiment- or- company to -which such officer shall belong, or any officer in his Majesty's -navy under the rank of a master and commander In actual employment, for any servant who is borne upon the books of - the ship to which such officer shall belong.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all cases - where any officer on half-pay from his Majesty's navy, army or marines, shall be to charged for the tax upon male servants for one male servant only, officers, it shall and may be lawful for the chief coinmifltoners of his Majesty's revenue of excise,- on an appeal made to them by such officer, and proof on oath made that he is an officer on half-pay, as aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, to make -an abatement of the whole tax, from the charge against such officer.

XXI. And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in difeo- vering lodgers or inmates in houses liable to pay the taxes in

Vql. XX. 8 I respect

678

A.D. 1800.

' Chap. $2.

jHouftlioUU

€rs to give lifts of lodgers keeping lcr-vants liable to taxes to hearth money collectors.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Tefpeft of male servants; be it therefore enacted, That the inhabitant householder of every house in which there shall be any lodger or inmate keeping any servant or servants liable to the said taxes, shall deliver to the collector of hearth-money, as aforesaid, a true lift and account in writing, expressing the name and surname of every such lodger or inmate, and of every such servant or servants, to the best of the knowledge and information of such inhabitant householder; and if any inhabitant householder !' shall not deliver such lift as aforesaid, or shall wilfully emit or misrepresent any description which ought to be contained

therein, he-ot (he so offending shall, for every offence, forfeit icr. / pounds.

" Taxes on

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said taxes in respect of collectal V ma*c servant3i be levied, collected and received, by the per-^or’C/ sons authorized for the time being, to collect his Majesty's revenue on fire-hearths, in the same manner as the said revenue or.

- fire-hearths is or shall be levied, collected and paid; and (licit collectors of the said revenue on fire-hearths, are hereby authorized: and-empowered to levy, collect, and receive the said taxes in respect of male servants accordingly; and such collectors shall fig;' and give acquittances without fee or reward, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances and duplicates for the tax on (ire-hearths are given and kept, and Aral! return the book containing such duplicates, to such person at the same time, and to be disposed of in the same manner, as books containing duplicates of acquittances fot the tax on fire-hearths are returned.

Ofcers

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every person retaining or cm-"|i"l>0fT'ri,|l° ploying any male servant or servants, in respect of whom he or :Ux. lhe shall be chargeable with any tax in respect of male servants,

shall on demand of any collector of the tax on fire-hearths, or other person authorized to pay to such collector, or such other person, the tax in respect of male servants’ then due, or in arrear; and in

case of refusal or default of payment thereof, after such demand, such collector may at any time in the day time, with tile assistance of magistrate, justice of the peace, or other peace officer; and

- in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without such assistance make entry into the house or other, place of the person owing such tax,

- and levy the same, and all arrears thereof, by distress and sale of any goods of the person chargeable with such tax and arrears in such house, or wheresoever such goods shall be found, restoring to

: the party the overplus' of -such money as such goods shall he fold 6 . for,

The Fortieth Year of George TIL

for, over and above the "tax and arrears thereof then due, and ever

A.D. 1800.

ad above the noeefiiry charges of taking such distress. f'00'-

679

5-

1 Ml.

XXIV. And for the better, collecting of the rates and taxes on f-vil'.ing-hotifes inhabited in respect of the windows or lights therein, and far pi eventing frauds on his Maj .’fly's revenue arising tv such taxes, be it enacted, That the said taxes on all d.yjling-l.oules and tenements, built before the full day of January, one 17,v, tli,inland fcveti hundred and ninety-nine lltali be rated, during the J|'-period of th,-ee years, from and after the passing of this add, pro- i7v9,<U’:i!k vijeil the pied.1-'. war shall so long continue, not i.fs than r.ccording ’."t7r!,

ta the nunth.T of windows or lights which were in inch houses attd j'Jr u:!t-lu tenements vhuiHvely, on the said fu ll day of January, one thou-fitul fevea htui ired and ninety-nine.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall for the pur- CVi\.'!in.> roll- of evading the . payment of any tax in respect of w'tnduws,

conceal or refuse to declare when required by any officer empower- nwri-.s, &;. al to coliefr the said tax, the number of windows which were in Ills house on the fil'd day of January, one thotifand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or shall make any undue or false declaration thereof, or if any windows or lights open or the said first day of linuary, or since, shall be (lopped up without being included in fitch declaration, or return as herein mentioned, then and in such ;a!c every fitch person shall forfeit the Aim of twenty pounds, and the heuse shall be subject to double the rate or tax which the fame a ouhl be otherwise subject to.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the find rates and taxes on VvimW

Uv to be p3»d

i.oufcsaml tenements m rdpeft of the windows cr lights therein, byoceupicu fii.fi] he charged upon the occupiers of such houses or tenements re- ,f

1 1 except as

ipcclivtiy, and not on the landlord or landlord; who let or demised hereby such hordes or tenements respectively, except where by this act ictled' such rates and taxes are directed to be paid by the landlords of such conies or tenements rcl'peCcively.

XXVII. And be it enacted and declared, That where any J.amthm!. thvclling-house, or any building which by this act is, or may be wltac"" deemed an inhabited house, or any part thereof, is or shall lie let !u,"!«are frt

5 . 1 . m dillcrcnt

in different apartments to any person or persons, the landlord or apartmemi. owner of fitch house or building shall he deemed to he the occupier, end Hull be charged with, and be liable to pay the fai'd rate and ta for said dwelling-house or building.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all the dwelling-rooms and n>«H.V

qnrtments in any hall, office, or public building whatsoever, shall i!,']!),!"!.1

ts deemed inhabited houses within the meaning of this act; and fligii bc iiam-

r*r ciImliaLitcJ,

:! such rooms and apartments being fever.iliy in the poudnon of 5nd clm^ai T as herein.

8 1 2 any

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ally person or officer inhabiting the same, containing six windows or under, shall be charged with the said tax, at the rate of one killing and one penny- for every window .-or -light therein; and all such rooms or- apartments that shall contain more than fix window)

or lights,'- shall be subject to the said taxes as if the lame were anentire house; and the persons -respectively by whom fuels rooms or , apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be charged with, and Ji-.. able-to;.pay the.saidrate and.tax. as occupiers of such rooms or apartments.

Not to ex-

XXIX. Provided always and be it enacted, Tlut this act, or any Win'dc*'1'" thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge with the hid feribed. , taxes-his Majesty's castle of-Dublin,- or any house within the circuit thereof, or any house or tenement provided for the rclidence

of the lord lieutenant, or lord deputy of Ireland, or of the chief: secretary.of tire lord lieutenant, or lord: deputy, or of the under

' ' secretaries in his office,; or the college of.- the holy and undivided

; Trinity of-Queen Elizabeth neat Dublin.

Hufpuids, 1

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, "That nothing herein (clio(l't3*aii'J conta'lned (halbextend-or subject: any-, hospital,: charity-school, or . poor houses. . house provided for the reception or relief of poor persons, or any gaol, prison, or session-house, to the payment of the said rate cr

tax, except such apartments therein as are-or may be occupied by the officers thereof, and their respective servants, which apartments

shall be subject to the fame rate or tax according to the number of windows in the apartments so occupied by each such officer as dwelling-rooms and apartments in any hall, office,- or public building, are by this act subject to; nor to-charge the said tax in respect of any windows dn any ware-house or-work-house, being a dii-tinct and separate building, and not a part or paired of the dwel-' ling-house or (hop,<.nor occupied as a dwelling-house, but employed; solely for the purpose of lodging goodu, wares, or . merchandizes,

or for carrying on some manufacture or trade, although the fame . may adjoin to or have an internal communication, with the divel-

'ling-house, but the dwelling-house only shall be charged in respect -. of the windows or lights therein; nor to charge i any- house with any duty-in respect of any window-which shall be occupied with or used for a loom,-which shall be-(landing at such window, and ..be really used in weaving; - provided always, -that where any persons shall dwell in any part of any ware-house or worfc-house,

such parts thereof-as shall he inhabited shall be-considered as part ..of the principal dwelling-house, and the windows or lights therein

shall be rated with the windows or fights in the principal dwelling-.house, as one.and the famehouse.

' Windows in wait, bonds uitd tvyrk.

jJoyjcd.

Windows - .«f«i for

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in case any room or rooms in any house, containing eight windows or more, shall be occupied by lodgers, each lodger not paying a rent exceeding five pounds yearly for his or her lodging, so much of the tax on such house in respect of all the windows or lights therein as shall in respect of the windows or lights in the part of such house so occupied exceed one (lulling and one penny for each such window or light, shall be deducted from the whole charge for such house; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to charge any dwelling-house occupied as a boarding-fehool for the education of children, and kept by a person licensed to keep a school, with any higher rate or

'taxthan one drilling-and one penny for each window or light therein; provided that unless the person keeping such school, do verify the fafts aforesaid on oath, by affidavit to be ('worn before any magistrate, which oath every magistrate is hereby authorized to administer and deliver such affidavit to the collector of the said taxes, no such person shall be entitled to any abatement from the rate or tax payable out of such house or tenement; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to charge with the said rate or tax any house which shall be partly finished, though the fame may be inhabited, in respect of any windows or lights in such parts thereof as ari unfinished and uninhabited, but such houses shall be rated according to the windows or lights in the inhabited parts thereof.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every kitchen, scullery, buttery, pantry, larder, wafii-house, laundry, bake-hotife, brew-house, and lodging-room, belonging to, or occupied with any divclling-houic, Ih.ill be deemed and taken to be part of such dwei-iing-house, and all windows or lights therein shall be accordingly charged with the said rates and taxes, and all (ky-lights or windows, or lights in flair-cases, garrets,-cellars, paffiiges, and in all other parts of dwelling-houses, to what ulc or purpose soever applied, shall be chargeable with the said duties.

XXXI!I. And be it enacted, That where there shall be an internal communication between any two houses adjoining each orher, and the same shall be occupied by one person and his family, the taxes on fire-hearths, and in respect of windows or lights, shall be rated as if such two houses were originally one house.

XXXLV. And to obviate any doubt which may arise as to charging the said rates and taxes, in respect of windows or lights, when two or more windows or lights are fixed in one frame; be it enacted, That when a partition or division in such windows or lights is or shall be of the breadth or fpree of twelve inches or

Deduction where lodger* do not pav more than 51, a year.

lVarJiny-

lchoob.

Dufnflhol houses rtwll be charged for p:uta inhabited only.

Kitchens, ’ babe houses, Sic.

deenud parts of tlwclling-house*.

Where 2 houses eoin-tmuucAc Mid arc occupied by one pi 1 foil, they Hull be rated its one.

Doubts as to diviltotis in window* obviated.

68a The Fortieth Year of George.Ill-

A.D. 1800.

more, the windows or lights on each side of such partition or-di-J 800. vision shall be deemed as distini! windows or lights, and shall be Chap. S2, sited accordingly; and that every window in a frame, which is or shall be extended so far as to give light into more rooms than one, shall be reckoned and charged as so many separate windows as there are rooms lighted thereby.

'Window

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said-rates and taxes on lcfled byfane h°uses,- 1° respedi of tile windows and lights therein, shall be persons, and rated, levied, collected, and received by the officers or persons au-ner'iTharth. -thorized for the time being to Tupervife or collect his Majesty's re-moniy. - venue on fire-heartbs, and by such other persons as shall from time to time be appointed by the chief commissionera -of his Majesty's revenue, to,inspe£! or luperintend the rating and collecting, -or to collect! the said taxes, and in the same manner as the said revenue on fire-hearths is or shall be rated, levied, collected, and received, and such persons are hereby authorized and empowered to levy, collect!, and receive the said rates and taxes accordingly, and shall sign-and give acquittances without fee or reward on receipt of such taxes, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances and duplicates for the tax on fire-hearths are given and kept, and Hull -return the books containing such duplicates to such person, and at the same time as books containing duplicates of acquittances for the duty on fire-hearths are returned.

Officsrjto

XXXVI. And be it enacted, I hat every owner or occupier of toiafpea.'11’ ap-y ho ale or tenement, shall, on demand made by any of such officers -as aforesaid, at such dwelling-house or tenement, admit such officers to pass through any house, in order to go into any court or yard thereunto belonging, to view and inspefl externally the windows or lights in any - such house, and permit any such officers to survey the windows or lights therein, and take an account thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful for every such officer to survey and view in manner aforesaid every such house, and the number of windows or lights therein, and to take a true account thereof, and that any such officer shall and may, in the day time, between the hour of ten of the clock in the forenoon and sun-set, with the nfiiftance of a magistrate, or other person acting as a peace officer, and in all places where there arc , no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without any such nffi/hnee, to make entry into and through any such house, and take information from

their

The Fortieth Year of George III.

683

their own view and survey of the number of windows or

A.D. 1800.

lights in every such house, and according to such account I °‘

the several houses and tenements therein mentioned shall be charged with the rates and taxes which shall be then payable.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That in case any question or Justlasto difference shall arise touching the number of fire-hearths, qudiiu.is bo-fioves, or other firing-places, or the number of windows or

lights of which an account shall be taken by any officer of officer*, the revenue in pursuance of this act, upon complaint made to one or more justice or justices of the peace next adjoining the premises, or to the chief magi ft rate of the place, the same shall be heard and determined by such justice or justices, or magistrate, in the presence of such officer; provided that if such officer, or the party charged with such duty, shall think himself aggrieved by the determination of such justice or justices, or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for cither party to appeal therefrom to the justices at the next fdfions of the peace to be held for the county in which the dwelling-house shall be situate, which justices are hereby empowered and required to examine and enquire into such determination of such justice or (justices or chief magistrate, and to examine witnesses touching the matter of the said determination, and to determine the fame, and pronounce judgment thereupon, which judgment shall be final and con-cluftve as to the matter in dispute, and the oath of the owner or occupier of the house shall be admissible upon such complaint.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the proprietors, owners, and occupiers of all houses or edifices, according as they are herein before refuedlively made changeable with the said

‘ 1 f_be liable to

taxes in respect of fire-hearths and windows or lights, are taxes mid hereby respectively charged wirh all such taxes as aforesaid 0ugontis which shall become due out of their respective houses, out- £"2Si houses, or edifices nnd tenements, and shall, on demand of any officer authorised to receive such taxes at the house or place where such taxes and arrears shall have arisen or grown due, or at the house or place of abode of any owner or occupier chargeable with any such taxes or arrear thereof, in case such owner or occupier shall have removed from, or shall cot reside in the house in respect of which he or flic became S K 2 chargeable

684 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. chargeable with such taxes, or either of them, pay to such rboa Officer ap taxes then due and in arrear, and all goods and

chattels in any house, out-house, or edifice shall hesubjeS to all such taxes due in respect of such house, out-house, or edifice i and in case of refusal or default of payment thereof, after such demand, every such officer as aforesaid may at any time, in the day-time, with the assistance of a magistrate or any peace-officer, and in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and afiiff, then without any such assistance, make entry into such house, out-house, or edifice, or any house of the person liable to

the said taxes in respect of fire-hearths and windows or lights, and levy the same, and all arrears thereof, either by distress and sale of any goods found in the house, out-house, or edifice chargeable with such taxes and arrears, or of the goods

of the party or parties chargeable therewith, wheresoever the fame shall be found, restoring to the party or parties the overplus of such money as such goods shall be sold for, over and above such taxes and arrears there'of then due, and over and above the necessary charges of taking such distress, and such charges shall not in any . case exceed the fourth part of the taxes and arrears thereof so levied.

Lifts tobe

XXXIX. And for the better collecting of the rates and tons'liubtc to taxes on fire-hearths, coaches, and other carriages, and on paybeauh* jc servants kc it enabled, That the owner or occupier of

money* car* 7

riage-duty, every clwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining inatcUrants. thereto, in which there shall be two or more fire-hearths or places used for firing or stoves, and every person who, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred, shall have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calnfh, or chaise with four wheels, or chail’e with two wheels, chargeable with any tax payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and every person who from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the said year retained or employed any male servant or servants in respect of whom such person shall be chargeable with a tax payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall, upon demand, or within ten days after notice served by the supervisor or collector of the taxes on fire-hearths in the parish or district in which such person shall reside, deliver to such supervisor or collector a true lift or account in writing, under his or her hand,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 685

hand, of every fire-hearth, or place used for firing, and stove in every dwelling-house and out-house or edifice appertaining thereto, or used by him or her for any purpose at any time after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and of every such carriage as aforesaid which he or the had or kept at any time after the said day, and of every male servant employed by him or her in Ireland, at any time after the said day; such lift to describe the name and surname of such owner, occupier, keeper, or employer, the name of his or her residence or place of abode, at the time of giving in such lift, and of the place, parish, barony, and county in which the house, out-houses, and edifices thereunto belonging, chargeable with the said tax on fire-hearths is situate, and the description of the places in such house and out-house, and edifice, in which every such fire-hearth or place used for firing or stove is, and the kind of such carriage with four wheels, and carriage with two wheels, and the name and surname of every such servant, and the capacity in which he is or was employed; and every such person respectively, shall, yearly on demand, or within ten days after notice served by the supervisor or collector of the said tax on fire-hearths, in the parish or district in which lie or (lie resides, after every subsequent twenty-fifth day of March, deliver to such supervisor or collector a like lift or account of every fire-hearth or place used for firing, or stove, in such house, out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, and then used by him or her for any purpose, and of every coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or cliaife with four wheels, and chaise with two wheels, which such person then or at any time after such twenty-fifth day of March kept or had, and of every male servant then or at any time after such twenty-fifth day of March, retained or employed by him or her, and from time to time, as often as any greater number of fire-hearths, or places for firing, or stoves, shall be made or opened in any such house, out-house, or edifice, than the number of fire-hearths or places for firing, or stoves, in any list which shall have been so delivered by such person, and as often as any such person shall keep or have any coach, chariot, berlin, calafti, or chaifc with four wheels, or chaifc with two wheels, or retain or employ any greater number of male servants than the number ex-Vo 1.. XX. 8 L pressed

A.D. 1800. Chap. 52.

686

A.D. 1800.

i8oc. Chap. 52

20l. penalty for iicglecl->iiw to deliver fiieiiliils.

penal* ml double , for

11 k »"y

iageh, e ler-.b, or hearllia expressed iich Hits.

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

pressed in any such lift, then every such person respectively shall within fourteen days after such additional fire-hearth, or place used for firing, or stove, shall be made or opened, or any such carriage, or additional carriage, shall be kept, or come into his or her possession, or any male servant, or additional male servant, shall be retained or employed by him or her, in like manner deliver to the supervisor or collector of the said tax on fire-hearths, or in his absence to the chief collcdor of the revenue in the distridi where such person shall reside, a like lift or account of every such additional fire-hearth, or other place used for firing, or stove, carriage, or additional carriage, and male servant, or additional male servant 5 and if any person owning or occupying any such house, out-house, or edifice thereto appertaining, or keeping, or having any such carriage, as aforesaid, or retaining or employing any such servant, shall neglect to deliver in manner aforesaid, such lifts as aforesaid, at any time when he or flic is by this act required to deliver the fame, or if at any time a greater number of hearths, firing-places, or floves, shall be in any such house, out-house, or edifice, or a greater number of such carriages shall be kept, or be in the possessi-011 of any such person, or a greater number of male servants shall be retained or employed by any such person, than the number respectively expressed in such lift, or of which no such lift or account, as aforesaid, shall have been given, every such person'so neglecting to deliver such lift, shall forfeit the fnm of twenty pounds, and every person in whose house, or any out-house, or houses, or edifices thereunto appertaining, a greater number of fire-hearths or places used for firing, or stoves, shall be found, or who shall keep or have in his possession a greater number of such carriages, as aforesaid, or who shall retain or employ a greater number of male servants than the number expressed in any list thereof, which shall have been delivered, or in whose house, or any out-house, or honfes, or edifice thereto appertaining, there shall be any fire-hearth or place for firing or stove, or in whose possession there shall be any such carriage, as aforesaid, or in whose employment there shall be any male servant not expressed in such lift, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be chargeable with, and pay double the rale or tax which lie or flic ought to be charged

The Fortieth Year of George III. 6Sy

charged with, in respect of the aflnal number of fire-l.carths, or places used for firing, and stoves in such house, ust-lieufe, or out-houses, or edifice thereto appertaining, ir of such carriages, as aforesaid, which such person shall Lccp or have in his or her possession, or of the male servants wr.j'.loved by him or her, as the case may be, of which or v’aom no such lift or account shall have been delivered as a fcrc said.

A.D. 1800. Chap. 52,

XL. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any per-

1 Ofticjr en-

? n shall, under the provisions of this aift, be chargeable tiilwi u> a with double the amount of any tax, the officer or officers by v.iiofe means such person shall become so chargeable, shall be entitled to a moiety of the added penal tax.

XLI. And be it enacted, That every collector or other of- Officers to f.ccr to whom any such lift as aforesaid shall be given, shall, v.itlsin ten days after the receipt of such lift, transmit the

money.

i rx to the said examinator of hearth-tax, who shall keep '-:rh lilts, ami enter and register the fame alphabetically, in

to lv kept by him for that purpose.

XL1J. ftntl be it enacted, That the officer to whom such o/Snsto 11! Ilia'll be delivered, shall, on demand, without fee or re- e0|>iei"f

1 ? litis, or ccru-

uard, give a certificate on a copy of such lift under his Scans, »-ish-

ii r.i!, to every person who shall have delivered any such ill, that such lift hath been delivered, and such certificate fsall he evidence that such lift was delivered to the officer signing such certificate, and if any person required to give fall certificate, shall demand or receive any fee or reward lor granting the fame, lie shall be incapable of holding any (fare or employment under the crown; provided always,

That in case any mailer or mistress retaining or employing si!)’ Inch male servant or servants as aforesaid, or person bavin;: or owning any house subject to the lax on fire-hearths, ir keeping any such carriages as aforesaid, shall be absent

1:0:11 belaud, then a list of the male servant or servants rc- Pii.icip.ilfa-mined or employed by such person, and a list of the (ire- m

i'i’iirilis in any house belonging to him or her, and of such fu, aWouwj. c.ini.'pi s as aforesaid kept by him or her, made out and fnb-i.nl'Cil by the agent, ilewaril, house-keeper, or principal in rant of the person so absent, and delivered as aforesaid,

Hail he of the fame cffeift as if such lifts were made out, iilfrished, and delivered by such master or mistress, or by 8 L 2 the

688 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800. Chap. 52.

What shall be clone by ptrfuiis hav. nig male fer-vauts In more than one place.

50l. penalty for not paying taxes, after notice ami demand as herein pre-icished.

'rax on hearths, cat* Wages* fer-vauts and windows,

the person owning and occupying such house, or keeping any such carriage or carriages.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift as aforesaid, who shall retain or employ any male servants in more than one place within the kingdom of Ireland, shall in such lift set forth the whole number of servants retained by such person within the kingdom of Ireland, in order that lie or Ihe may be charged with the rate chargeable on the greatest number retained in the whole, and distinguish the places, with the parish and barony in which each such servant shall, at the time when he or she shall give in the said lift, make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the parish in which he or she shall mean to pay for such servants, and such lift having been so given in and on proof of payment of the tax in respect of such servants in such parish, by production of the receipt signed by the collector to whom the payment shall have been made, or by other reasonable proof thereof, to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of excise, such person shall be freed from the payment of the said tax in any other parish.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any person subject 10 any rate or tax payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors on fire-hearths, carriages, male servants, or on windows or lights, shall not within one month after notice in writing in the name of the officer empowered to collect such rates or taxes shall be given to such person, or left at the usual place of abode of such person, with his wife, or with his or her child or servant above the age of sixteen years, requiring him or her to pay such rates or taxes, or any of them, which such person shall be subject to pay the same to such officer, 'every such person shall, for every neglect or default, forfeit fifty pounds, provided that at least seven days before the time such notice shall be given, such officer shall have demanded such rates and taxes from the person fubicel to pay the same, or from his wife, or his or her child or servant above the age of sixteen years, at the place of abode of the person'subject to pay the same.

XLV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person, before the twenty-fourth day of June, in any year, to pay to the chief collector of his Majesty's revenue

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

nue in the district of excise in which he or (lie shall reside, all taxes on fire-hearths, carriages, male-servants, and windows and lights, payable to his Majesty, to which, in such year, he or she shall be subject, and upon proof made to the collector authorized to receive such taxes of the payment thereof, by production of the receipt, signed by the chief colleQor to whom payment shall have been made, or other sufficient proof, such taxes shall not be levied by such collector of the said taxes.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That all magistrates, flierisss, and jtiftices of the peace, and other his Majesty's peace officers, within their several and respective jurisdictions, ate . hereby authorized and required to give assistance, from time to time, to the several inspectors, supervisors, and collectors of the said several taxes, in charging and levying the fame. '

689

A.D. 1800. Chap. 5 j.

may he paid to chief col-le&orsofeic-cife.

Mapiliattt and peace-officers 10 affist collectors.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in every case where any collector or dismissed collector of any of the aforesaid taxes who«!» m>t shall not within thirty-one days after demand in writing, SV/cha"^-signed by three commissioners of the revenue, fer-ved on him, tli ai licrc'"1 or left at his usual place of abode, make a return, or furnish an account of the taxes on fire-hearths, and othe'r the taxes aforesaid paid and payable for any year in the walk of such collector, or in any-parish or parities in which he has been er shall have been directed to collect, then the number of diearths, carriages, male servants, and windows or lights in such walk or parish or parities, as the case may be, shall for such year be deemed equal to the number of hearths, carriages, male servants, and windows or lights in’such walk or paridi or parishes for the year next preceding, for which an -account for such walk or parish or parishes was settled by general abstracts, and such collector shall be charged with such sum as the taxes payable in the year for which such return or account shall not have been made, according to the number of hearths, carriages, male servants, and windows or lights respectively appearing by such settled account or ap-ilrafl to be charged-in such walk, parifil or parishes in such preceding year has amounted, or shall-amount to, and according to the rates payable in such year in which such- return or account shall-not ljavc been made, and such collector, and his sureties shall be liable to and shall pay the lame.

Vol. XX. S M XLVifl. Ami

690 ‘The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That in every case where ^iSoc. any collector or dismissed collector of any of the said taxes shall not have charged hirafelf with a receipt of a sum in 1 an^ as ^le Fro^uce any one or more Par'ni or parish-

framiuient es within his '-jlledion equal to the sum which the number S^ta?g- hearths, carriages, maie-servants, and windows or lights, an^atdSi1" appear'ng by the general abstract for the last preceding year, account for which an account was settled to be in any parish or parishes ought to have produced, according to the rate of tax then payable, and that any instance of Iraud or suppression of money received shall appear in the account of any such collector, or dismissed collector of hearth-money, the produce of every such parish for such year, as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be equal to the sum which the number of hearths, carriages, male servants, and windows or lights, so appearing to be therein, in the next preceding year for which an account was settled by abstract, as aforesaid, according to the rates or taxes then payable ought to produce, and the collector or dismissed collector of hearth-money in whose account such instance of fraud or suppression shall appear, shall be charged with such sum as thenumher of hearths, carriages, male servants, and windows or lights, appearing by such settled account or abstract to be in such pirith or parishes in such preceding year, ought according to the rates of taxes payable for the fame respectively to produce, and he and his sureties shall be liable to, and shall pay the same.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, n«to ther- ’ -penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than ‘fhatlbe^e'eo- an^ except as by this act is otherwise provided for, shall and rcredas by may be sued for, and recovered and levied in such manner

14 & 15 C. J

2. with like and form, and by such ways and means, and with such fi!°f powers and authorities as are prescribed, di reded, anti appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of llis late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, an act for the settling of the excise or tm imfoji upon his Majesty, his heirs- and successors, according te ihe book of rates therein inserted, as fully and tffedually, to all intents, constructions, and purposesas-fif the fame wets: particularly mentioned, fcxpressed, and enacted in this act,

with

‘The Fortieth Year of George III. 691

with like remedy of appeal to and for th^ party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as in and by the said act is provided.

L. And be it enacted, That the notice by this act directed to be given by any collector of the said taxes, in respect of tire-hearths, carriages, and male servants, requiring a list or account thereof, and the lift or account to be delivered pursuant thereto, by every person subject to the said taxes, or any of them, (ha'll be in the form in the schedule hereunto annexed.

A.D. 1800.

1 boo. Chap. 52.

The schedule to which the foregoing ad refers.

I collector of the tax on Forra of

in-hearths, in the parish of and eoikflor’*

notice.

if , do give notice that yon

ere required to deliver to me, within ten days, a true lifl or seem nt, under your hand, of every male servant retained or employed by you in this kingdom, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March, 1-80 and a like lift of every fire-hearth or place used for firing, and Jlove, in your dwelling-house and out-houses, or edifices appertaining thereto, or used by you for any purpose, at any time from the twenty-fifth of March,

18 , and also a like I ft of every coach, chariot, berlint.

ealash, and chaise with four wheels, or chaifie with two wheels, kept by you, at any time after the twenty-fifth aay of March,

180 , with such defer ipt ions therein respcffively as are re-

quired by law.

Dated this day

To

Heartji Collector.

N B. Any person neglecting to deliver such lift, is subject to a penalty of twenty pounds, and any person delivering a false lift to a penalty of fifty pounds, and shall pay doubfe duty for tviry mate servant, fire-hearth, and carriage omitted; where the firfon is absent from the kingdom, the lifts may be made out by the agent, fieward, house-keeper, or principal servant, and delivered.

M 2

A LIST

A Lift or Account of Fire-hearths in and belonging to my House at in the Pat iih of Barony of

and County of and of Coaches and other Carriages with Four Wheels and Two Wheels kept by me, and of

Male Servants employed by me.

MALE SERVANTS. CARRIAGES. FIRE HEARTHS.

Names* Capacities* Where employed. Number of Carriages. Wheels. Description. Situation. Number of Hearths.

S Kitchen Grate, 2 \ Stew Holes, J ) Boiler, 2 ^-Hot Hearth, On the first Story, On feebnd Story, On third Story, On fourth Story; On fifth Story, Out-hdufe, Hot-house, or ~i Green-house. J

t mean to pay for my Servants and Carriages at my Residence at in the Diilrilffc of

WitncJ* iny Hand this Day

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

693

CHAP. LIII.

dn Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Annuities to the Right Honourable John Monck Mason, and to the Earls of Athlone and Roscommon, and to the Lord Baron Aylmer, in Manner therein mentioned.

Ft ufa)' the First day of Augtflt one thousand eight hundred, Royal A feat gvcen.

JOHK GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS his excellency the marquis Cornwallis, ^ lord lieutenant general and general governor of jg00. Ireland, by his message to your faithful commons, hath been pleased to signify, that he had it in command from your md&gciela- Majesty to represent to yonr faithful commons the case of 'j.’m'1 ihe right honorable John Monck Mason, who hath served Mafca: your Majesty and the public for a considerable length of time, in high official situations, particularly as a commissioner of your Majesty's revenues in this kingdom -, that in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the fair!

John Monck Mason resigned his feat at the revenue board, and was appointed a commissioner of the treasury, and that had he remained at the board of revenue, he would in a few months, after twenty-five years service, be entitled to an annuity upon incidents, equal to his salary, agreeably to the itToiutinns of the said commons, but that having quit that office, he cannot now claim the provision his long services would have entitled him to; that tire said John Monck Mason’s advanced age and Rate of health, require retirement from tire fatigues of business, and your Majesty recommended it to your faithful commons, to consider of enabling yonr Majesty to grant an annuity of one thousand two bun-cud pounds to the said John Monck Mason, in confederation of his long and faithful services, the said annuity to commence upon his relignaiion of the office of one of the commissioners of Ins Majesty's treasury; and whereas his said

rr J . Recital of

excellency, by another menage lo your faithful commons, mdijgcrria-hath been pleased lo signify that lie had it in command from *!rj\iWonl-Vol. XX. S N your

694

A.D. 1800. Chap. 53

' Recital of aicflage relatives carl Roscommon.

Recital of - message relative to lord Aylmer.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

your Majesty, to represent to your faithful commons the case of the earl of Athlone, whose ancestors rendered such distinguished services in this kingdom, and whose whole property on the Continent had been confiscated, and his numerous family thereby deprived of all means of support and education suitable to their rank-; and your Majesty recommended it to your faithful commons, to consider of enabling your Majesty to grant an annuity of two thousand pounds, to the said earl of Athlone, and the successors to that dignity, in lieu of the annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds, which had been granted to him, in pursuance of an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-fmh year of your Majesty's reign; And whereas his said excellency, by another message to your said commons, hath been pleased to signify, that he had it in command from your Majesty to acquaint your said commons, that your Majesty in confidc-raiion of the case of the earl of Roscommon, who has recently fuccccded to the dignities of his ancestors, but who does not inherit any part of the estates formerly held by them, reconi mended it to your said commons to consider of enabling your Majesty to grant to the said earl of Roscommon an annuity of six hundred pounds, towards the support of the high rank he holds in this kingdom; And whereas his said excellency, by another message to your said commons, hath been pleased to signify, that he had your Majesty's commands to represent to your said commons, the case of the lord baron Aylmer, who has fuccccded to tl'.e dignity of the peerage of this kingdom, without any provision towards the support of his rank, and your Majesty recommended it to your faithful commons to consider of-enabling your Majesty to grant an annuity of six hundred pounds to the said lord baron Aylmer, towards the support of the dignity lie holds in the peerage of this kingdom: And whereas your Majesty's said commons having taken into consideruion the said mef-sages, have unanimously agreed to enable your Majesty to grant annuities to the said John Monck Mason, the said earl of Athlone, carl of Roscommon, and lord baron Aylmer, in manner herein mentioned. Now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious intentions, do most -humbly beseech your Majesty that it 1 ittnv

The Fortieth Year of George III. 695

may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most ex- A.D. cellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the tb'oo.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prclent parliament assembled, and by the arathority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the said John Monck Mason an annuity, or yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, during his Majesty's pleasure, the said annuity to commence upon his relignntion of the said office of one of the commissioners of the treafory ;' and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the said Earl of Athlone, and the successors to that dignity, an annuity or yearly sum not ex- saool.«ye«r feeding two thousand pounds, the same to be in lieu of am, M and the said annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds, grant-f"ccelIlirfc cd to him in pursuance of the said act, pa-fled in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign; and also that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the said cad of Roscommon' an annuity or yearly sum of six hundred pounds towards the support of the high rank he holds in this kingdom; and that it shall and may be lawful for his Roscommon. Majesty to give and grant to the said lord baron Aylmer an annuity or yearly sum of six hundred pounds towards sup-part of the dignity he holds in the peerage of this kingdom, the salt! several annuities to be charged upon, and to be paid, mcr. and payable out of the fund called the consolidated fund, Pay»ML,t

of comoli-

after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and datcJ iu.-ui. sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with preference to all other payments which flnll or may hereafter bo dinged upon, or payable out of the said fund, and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, and the cominiffmners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid the hid several annuities accordingly, any thing in an aifl made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an if/ for the support of the honor and dignity of his Ms Jeffs mm in Inland, and for granting t.) his Majfy a civil lifl /JiM'/hment, under certain provjhns and regulati.n: to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

9N 2

6g6

A.D. 1800.

r.s’oo. Chap. 53.

C -%-sv Their re-. ceipr. fua'.l be fuMcicfit (iiT-. charges.

Earl of ' AlbJohc's annuity not transferable for more than life.

Not to Te-Amin iiis Maji-fly from making any other grant.

No Fee.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

II. And be it enacted, That the acquittances or receipt! respectively of the said John Monck Mason, and of the salt! earl of Athlone, and the successors to the dignity of earl of Athlone, and the acquittances or receipts of the said earl of Roscommon, and lord baron Aylmer, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment of the said annuities respectively, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it enacted, That the said annuity, or yearly

sum of two thousand pounds shall be, and the fame is by this act . vested in the said earl of Athlone, and the fticcef* (ors lo the dignity of earl of Athlone, and the fame or any part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed of, charged or incumbered by the said carl of Athlone, by any of the successors to the dignity of earl of Athlone, for any greater or larger estate or time than during the natural life of the person aliening, conveying, disposing of, charging or incumbering the fame, or foas to prevent the fame from defeending to the next successjr to the said title and dignity: provided nevertheless that i»

grant which shall be made by his Majesty under the aotln-rity of this act shall extend, or he construed to extend to r> drain his Majesty from making any other grant or ptnfnn which he may now lawfully do under the provisions of the said act.

IV. And be it enacted, That neither the (ix-pence in tie pound or any other fee shall be deducted on account of any payment made in pursuance of this act.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 697

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. LIV.

An Act for continuing and amending the fever at Laver for regulating the issuing of Ucenfes for the Sale of Wine, Ale,. Beer, Cider, and spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of spirituous Liquors.

Friday the Jirfi Jay of jSuguflf one thousand tight hundred, Fo^al Assent given*

WHEREAS by an act passed this fefliori of parlia- pr4ambtc.

ment, entitled, an act for granting for one year the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties pay-ibk upon the articles therein specified, during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, several duties are imposed on licenses for the sale of spirituous liqiiors. by retail; and whereas it is necessary that the several lawt relating to the recovery of the said duties, and to the regulation of the persons to whom such licenses are granted, shall be amended and continued be it therefore enacted, by the King’s tnofl excellent Majesty, ' by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that an act passed in the thirty-seventh-S|);r;t 1;. -year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for regulating the

issuing of licenses for the sale of wine, ale, beer, cider, and as alter*! by spirituous liquors by retail, and for preventing. the immoderate fpjnti^ifc use of spirituous liquors, and for granting to his Majesty, his "jj 39 G-f heirs and ficcessors, the duties therein mentioned, except such niallcouimue parts thereof as have been amended by an act passed in the Vsoif9 thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for continuing and amending an act passed I,iff session of parliament, entitled, an act for regulating the issuing of licenses for the Uk of mine, ale, beer, cider, and spirituous liquors by retail, erj for'preventing the immoderate use of spirituous liquors, and fr granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duties therein mentioned, and also one other act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for grant-

JOHN CATER, D. CUR. PARC*

8 0

6^8

A.D. 1800. Chap. 54'

Collectora Jets on spirit Hccufcs shall be over find above duty.

Spirituous liquors not to be sold be* fore 2 ou fun* days.

Two o’clock to be iut’erud in licensei.

The Fortieth Year -o/V Georgel-lT,

irg-io his Majesty duties.- on licenses to sell spirituous liquors and metheglin, and for continuing the fevered lams for Tigris-ting the issuing of licenses for the sale of wine, ale, beer, cider, and spirituous liquors by retail, and, for preventing the immoderate use of spirituous' liquors, ..together with-this act, shall continue and be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September^ one thousa,nd,eight hundred and one, and-no longer.

II. And whereas ' doubts have arisen, whether 'the fees payable, to the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, on the receipt of the duties to be paid by persons obtaining: licenses for selling spirituous and other liquors, are payable- over.and above such duties; ‘ ’for removing of- which doubt, ‘ be -.it declared and enacted, i.That all fees payable to the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in respect of licenses for filling fpi-

rituous and other liquors, fli&ll be paid by the persons whs shall obtain such licenses over and above the duty payable therson.

III. And whereas as the law.now' Hands, persons liceiifed for the sale of spirituous' liquors in Dublin, or within five rnilcs thereof, and in divers other places in this kingdom, are prohibited from selling spirituous liquors on a sunday-be-fore the hour of four o’clock in the afternoon,’-which hour has been-found inconvenient; be it therefore enitSed, Thai such prohibition, as herein mentioned, is hereby <rcpcaled, and that after the passing of this act, such persons shall not fell any spirituous ’liquors on a sunday before two o'clock in the afternoon; and that in.any l bond to'be hereafter given by any such person, in order to obtain such license, the words two o’clock in the afternoon, shall be fuhllituled in the room and Head . of the ’. words, four, o’clock in the afternoon.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

699

A.D. 1800.

LV.

Aa A3 to encourage the DiJMlationnf Spirits from Sugar for

WHEREAS from the prohibition now subsisting against JFr»mbfc.

the distilling of spirits in "Ireland from corn or grain, inconveniences may arise From the want of a sufficient Tup-ply of spirits, and it is expedient to encourage the distil-iition of ‘spirits from sugar, under certain -regulations anil

restrictions; wherefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefeirt parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every distiller <of spirits who shall be licensed to keep a dill or frills for distilling spirits, and who thall distil spirits from sugar, shall be subject to a duty for and upon every gallon of spirits distilled from such fugaT within this kingdom, the sum of three shillings and seven-pence, such bnlnfpiwl duty on such spirits to be charged on the Tame quantity of f1^cdfr*" spirits in respect to the quantities of wath from sugar and froglings, or low wines distilled from such wath, as any distiller of spirits from molalfas or molasses walh, is or shall by any law or laws now in force, or which shall be in force, shall he subject to in respect of spirits distilled from moieties or molasses wath, or froglings, or low wines distilled from such watli, and thall he subject to all such rules and regulations, and to all such penalties and forfeitures for any breach thereof, as any distiller is now by any law or laws of force

litbjefl to, or thall by any law or laws to be made be sub-

icct to.

II. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall dif- Drawback

til any spirits from sugar, thall upon all such spirits as shall "JaSEng*

be distilled before (he first day of July, in the year one thou- before

iftJiHjTi

land eight hundred and one, be allowed and paid by way i8ji. cf drawback of the duty paid on the import of the sugar

a limited timr.

Frtd >y dttjtrji Jen tf digu/l, cnt-thousaKd e'^ht hundred, Royal /fftntjlvem

JOHN CAVSR, ». CUB. PARI,

8 0*

from

7©o The For tieth Year of George HE.

A.D. 1800.

from which such spirits shall be distilled, the sum or draw. 1800. hack following, that is to say,- a sum after the rate of yj-nineteen shillings and feveti-pence farthing for every eight gallons of such spirits as shall be of the full strength of ten per centum over hydrometer1 proof.

MI. And for preventing frauds by' such distillers, be it enacted, That no difliller shall receive any sugar into his dif* tillery, or other place belonging to him, without having gi-Ven notice m writing to the inspector general of excise, or the surveyor of excise, twenty-four hours before the time. the same shall be brought into such distillery or other place, of his intention to bring in the fame, and such notice shall express the quantity of sugar intended to be brought in; and if any difliller shall receive into his- distillery or other place, any sugar without- having given such notice, he or she shall forfeit for every offence the sum of fifty pounds.

IV. And be it'enabled, That no sugar shall be broken down

Notice to tfe given by distillers be-foie they receive sugar, yenaltyjolv

'50l. penalty for breaking down fujrar, hut as herein ^lYcdeik

by any difliller, unless >in the presence of the inspector of excise, or a surveyor of excise, or after twenty-four hours 'notice having been given to such officers to attend, and they or one of them not attending pursuant thereto; and if any difliller thall break down any sugar, unless in the pre-fence of one such officer, or without having given such notice as aforesaid, every such difliller shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

V. And be it-eqadled, That no distilfer, so long as he or WalKof {he shall have any ftrgar for difliliing spirits, or any u-.i/h

'corn or grain, y 0

ovmolaifcsor made of sugar for making spirits, shall have or keep any

mobiles wflfhy t\ \ c t rr 1 <t

foundwhetc wain made of any corn or grain, or any mobiles or mmalies -r^niaUhT" and if waffi of corn or grain, or any moiafles or nio

for dillilling spirits, fiiali *be forfeited,

Slid 2O0b

The like

Avhctc fttgiir shall be found 93 herein.

la'ffes wail], shall be -found in the possession of any difliller, who shall have any fhgar for dillilling spirits, or any sugar waffi, -or found'iir any place belonging to such difliller, or in the possession of any person for his- nfe, or if- any fpc-cies of sugar, which shall not have been broken down in the presence of the inspector general; or a surveyor of excise, shall be found in the possession of any difliller, all such waih herein described shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, and the difliller in whose po/Tdlion the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

The Fortieth Year of George III. jot

VI. And be it enacted, That no drawback, or allow- A.D. ance by way of drawback, shall be paid under this act until n1^00' the distiller claiming such drawback or allowance shall pro- ' duce to the collector of the port or district where such dif-

tiller shall reside, a certificate from the surveyor and gauger Certificate, of the walk in which such distiller shall reside, and who had [aby dlfifc" the charge of such distillery when the sugar for which such allowance or drawback shall be so claimed, had been brought drawback into such distillery and broken down and distilled, which fusar' certificate shall express the time at which such sugar was so brought into such distillery, and also the quantity of such sugar, and that the fame was broken down and distilled agreeably to the provisions in this act, and that the spirits for which such drawback or allowance shall be claimed, is of the full strength of ten per centum over hydrometer proof, together with the quantity in gallons of such spirits, and shall also produce the certificate of the merchant who shall have imported such sugar, that the duties thereon payable to his Majesty were duly paid and discharged, and such dif- DHtilkrto tiller so claiming such allowance or drawback shall at the same time make oath, (which oath such collector is hereby empowered to administer) that the sugar so distilled into spirits, for which such allowance or drawback is claimed, is the identical sugar purchased from the merchant whose certificate has been so produced as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines. Fins, &c.

penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by this act, shall and may

be sued for, and recovered and levied in such manner and 2‘ 'm,‘

like remedy.

form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers of appeal, and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, m n& for the settling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually, to all intents, con-ilrudions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

702 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no drawback of the duty any sugar used in the distilling of spirits shall be allowed, Nodraw- unless fuc’n spirits shall have been distilled in the town, or

back on fu^ar #

ifaotdiitilied wiinin the port where such ttigar has been imported, and pjuai.ml~ l, as paid the duty in such port payable on the importation thereof, and that proof shall be made thereof, as in manner 'herein before mentioned, relating to the importation and distillation of sugar.

CHAP. LVI.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of Ill's Mijejfy s Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue by Reftifers of Spirits; and one other all, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, faffed in tk Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue by Reftifers of Spirits.

Ft iday the rhft day of stugtjl, cue thousand eight hundred, Royal jificr.t given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CUR. PAH.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, cn-iThfr'-.a iitied, an act to regulate the trade of rectifying spirits, ana to ndlsof 38 & prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue by reftifers of spirits,

" and also one other act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act to continue and amend an nil pafed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign. Entitled, an act to regulate the trade of rectifying spirits, and to prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue by reftifers of spirits; Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembld, and by the authority of the same, that the said recited acts shall be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-ninth

Fit id nt£b Ikdl eominiK

u’lill 2(j slept i^os.atiil e. d nr itcxt

The Fortieth Year of George III. ' 703

day of September, one thousand eight hundred and one, A.D. and from thence to the end of the then next session of par-harr.cnt, and no longer.

CHAP. LVII.

-In Act io amend and continue an At! pafjid in the Tab ty-fventh Year of H.'s Majesty's Reign, for cc-Ueftivg and fearing His Mojefys Revenue upon Malt.

Friday thefitj day rf one ihoufande'tyj:i h:.rJrcdy RfyilA£vii $tveti,

JOilX C. 1VEC, C. CLtR. PAUL*

WHEREAS it is necessary to amend an act passed in

the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, en- fary!o, Ln'd titled, an act for co Hefting and fearing his Majestys revenue -1-.1

pm malt; and whereas a duty is payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on every license to any person to keep a malt-house, and make malt for fair, for each and every eifiern or kiln in each and every malt-hoofc in his or her possession, in which such business shall be carried on; therefore for the better ascertaining and securing of the said duty, be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflem-bkd, and by the authority of the same, that the duty pay-

* t pu» v t'ti li-

able on such license for each and every fuel) cittern or kiln, cohiwi.t-

shall be paid according to the number of citterns, or number Ln.-!Ln iic

of kilns, in each and every malt-house, for which such li_ pad accord--

ecufc shall be granted, which ever shall be grealeft in num- iHi ofci -

ber, and not on the number both of citterns and kilns, and klli.'vvti'.ti

if any person licensed to keep a malt-house shall have a bc

gnier number of citterns, or a greater number of kilns in

huh malt-house than the number of each respectively, which

tivil! have been entered and regifccred with the collector of the district, and set forth at the foot of such license, every such person shall for every cittern and kiln exceeding (lie

Kit.L'er cvliich shall have been so entered and reaiflered, u,il m kiln

r - l!l" K'l iOltll

Kd kt forth in such license, toifcit the sum of silty pounds t» itcmfe.

8 I> 2 II. And

Yearly charge iin-posed by said act on persons making male:

Maltsters, &c, may not be able to make so much ‘ malt:

Comissioners may reduce charges in fitch cases.

704 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1l. And whereas by the said receited act it is enacted, That r8o°. every maltster or maker of malt for sale, and every-brewer and distiller making malt, shall between the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, and the twenty-ninth day of September in the year following, be charged with, and pay duty of excise for a quantity of malt, after the rate therein mentioned, for every one hundred square feet of working or drying floors within each malt-house, for which he or she shall have taken out a license; And whereas it may happen that maltsters and brewers, and distillers making malt, may begin to make malt, and may take out licenses so late after the twenty-ninth day of September, in any year, that they may not be able between such time and the twenty-ninth day of September following, to make the quantity of malt for which they are by the said act to be charged with duty in such year, which may be attended with inconvenience; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, that in any such case it shall and may be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, to reduce the quantity of malt for which such maltster, brewer, or distiller, is by the said act to be charged with duty, within the year, to such quantity of malt as may be reasonably be made within their respective malt-houses, between the time that licenses for such malt-houses shall be taken out and the twenty-ninth day of September following; provided always, that no such deduction shall be made where the time of taking out the license shall not be later than three months after the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year, nor shall any such re-duftion be greater than in proportion to the part of the year which shall have elapsed at the time of taking out the license.

III. And be it enacted, That every factor or other person dealing in or flor ing malt, and every brewer and rlifliller who shall give to the collector of the district in which he or she shall reside, such account as by the said recited a cl i; required, of any store or place' intended to be used by him or her, for keeping or floring malt, shall in fuel) account specify in writing, under his or her hand, the measure in feet and inches of the length, breadth, and height of each such store or place, or in default thereof shall forfeit the him of twenty pounds.

Further proviso as to tic* ^lu&ton.

Dealers in malt shall giv the/nenfure of each {tore in account? fimiiflied to colkdlors, penalty 20k

The Fortieth Year of George III. 705

IV. And be it enacted, That if the length, breadth, or A.D. lieighth of any such {lore or place, of which such account q °' as aforesaid, shall be so given as aforesaid, shall exceed by four inches the dimensions or measure of the length, breadth, pewit/ or heighth. respectively, which shall have been mentioned in cidiby 4. such account to be the dimensions or measure of the length, breadth, or heighth thereof, the fadlor, brewer, distiller, Slvc'"n-or other person who shall have given such account, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,

V. And be it enacted, That no maltster or other person 2cl.psnaii}-making malt for sale, or not for sale, shall credt, or set up,

alter or enlarge, or make use of any cistern, uting-vat, &c.that

u has been set

iitenfil, or other vessel for the wetting or sleeping or corn or up or altered, grain to be made into malt, or any couch-frame, or any kiln, ";on"dhireI floor, room, or other place for making or keeping of malt, '"'A or keeping of corn or grain, making into malt, without first toculkaor. giving notice, in writing to the collector of the district, of his or her intention to erect, or set up, alter, enlarge, or make use of such cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel, or conch-frame, or such kiln, floor, room, or other place, or shall keep, or make use of any cistern, uting-vat, utcnfll, or other vessel for the wetting of his or their corn or grain, making into malt, other than those which shall have been mentioned in the return required by law to be made to the collector, and which shall be openly known and made use of in his or her common malting-house, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty pounds for every such cistern, uting-vat, utensil, or other vessel, couch-frame, kiln, floor, room, or other place so erefled, or set up, altered, or enlarged, without such notice as aforesaid, or kept private or concealed, or made use of without an account thereof having been returned to the collector,

VI. And be it enacted, That every officer of excise, who Howoffi_ shall measure any uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel for wetting corn of any maltster, in order to ascertain the quan- vats, &c. tity which the fame is capable of containing, shall measure

the depth thereof from such part of the uppermost part of such uting-vat, cistern or other vessel, as shall be of the highest altitude.

VII. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties, and i-Wi, *c. forfeitures by this act inflicted, shall and may be sued for, re-

Vol XX. 8 Q, covered,

Said ccl and this act shall be in force until 29th Sept. 1801, and end of next session.

By recited act of this session 30l. HiouM be paid in cities and towns there* in mentioned for license to brew} in o* ther parts . 20l.

Only 10l. for license to brew in places herein described.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

covered, levied, and applied in.such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as the fines, penalties, and forfeitures by the said recited act inflicted, are. thereby prescribed, directed, or appointed to be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said recited act, together with this act, shall be and continue of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to ihe end of the then next session of parliament.

IX. Whereas by an act! passed in this session of parliament, entitled, an act for granting for one year, ihe several duths therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifed, during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majestys colonies, aid for other purposes therein mentioned, it is enacted, that for and upon every license to any person to brew strong beer, ale, or small beer, for sale in the several cities and towns therein mentioned, there should be paid the sum of thirty pounds for each and every brew-house used by such person, and for and upon every license to any person in any other part of this kingdom, to brew strong beer, ale, or small beer for sale, there should be paid the sum of twenty, pounds for each and every brew-house used by such person; be it enacted, that for and upon every license to tiny person to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer for sale, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, in any part of this kingdom, not being a town corporate or borough, which after the first day of January, in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, shall return any member to serve in parliament, there shall be paid the sum of ten pounds, and no more, for each and every brew-house used by such person, any thing in the said recited act! to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 707

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. LVJHL

An Act to Amend Two Alts faffed in this SeJJioti of Parliament, one Entitled, An Act to prohibit the making of Malt and difilling of Spirits, in this Kingdom, for a limited Time, end the other for amending the said Act.

Friday the J.rjl day of Augu/i, one thousand eight hundred,t Reyal Ajfent given.

JOHN CAVER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS it is necessary to continue for. a further time the restrictions from making malt and distilling spirits from corn and grain; enjoined by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, an all for amending an all faffed this iff on of parliament, entitled, an all to prohibit the making of malt and distilling of spirits within this kingdom for a limited lime-, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all the provisions in the said act contained prohibiting the making of malt or the distilling of spirits from corn or grain, shall extend to, and be continued until the first day of November, one thousand eight hundred.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, by proclamation, to extend the prohibition in the said act contained against the making of malt, and against the distilling of spirits from corn or grain, for such further time, not later than the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, as the said lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, shall think proper.

III. And be it enacted, That if any person shall, during the time to which the said prohibition is by this act extended, or-during the time to which the fame may by such proclamation as aforesaid, be extended, offend against any of the provisions of the said act, every such person shall be subject to all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively, 8 0,2 as

Preamble-

Provision.i in act of tliH fcAion,|ro-hibiting the nnlc'ntj of mall thal) continue to 1 Nov. t Soo.

L. lieutenant may extern) the prohibition by proclamation.

P«rfon9 of fending Hi all be liable to penalties in said act.

708 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

as by the said act are enacted with ref'ped to the offence or offences committed by them as fully as if the lame were committed during the time in the said act mentioned.

CHAP. LIX.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Fortitlii Year of the Reign of His frefent Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, ft-reral Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners fir managing the Stamp Duties.

Friday the First Bay of Augofi, One thoustmd tight hundred. Royal AJfeatgivte,

JOHN CATER, D. CLEE. Ml.

WHEREAS by the said recited adit was among other things enacted, That from and after the twenty-a^ofthuT <% of March, one thousand eight hundred, every session.r. person in Ireland who should ktep or use rfny doe, gun, net.

10. relating r

to game. or other engine nt for, or commonly used for the taking or destruction of game, not acting as a game-keeper under or by virtue of a deputation or appointment (duly registered) should previously deliver in a paper or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person to the clerk of the peace or his deputy where such person should reside, and take out a certificate thereof, and that upon every piece of vellum, or parchment, or sheet, or piece of paper upon which any certificate issued to any such person should be engrossed, written, or printed, there should be charged a {lamp duty of two pounds five shillings and lit pence, and that every deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland, should be registered with the clerk of the peace of the county in which the said manor or lands lay, and the game-keeper so appointed should take out a certificate thereof, and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper upon which any certificate issued to any person under any deputation or appointment of gamekeeper

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

keeper, should be engrossed, written, or printed, there should bs charged a (lamp duty of two pounds five shillings r.r.d six pence; and that from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, every person delivering into the office of the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for the county where iie'should reside, -a paper or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person, and every game-keeper to whom any fitch deputation or appointment should be granted as aforesaid, registering the fame "in- manner aforesaid, and producing a piece of vellum or paper stamped with the duty of two pounds five shillings and six pence, and also paying the fnm of uvo shillings and six pence to such cleric of the peace for Ills trouble, and requiring a certificate thereof, should be-entitled to such certificate, and that every fuah clerk of the peace, or his deputy, should thereupon ffiuc a certificate on such fiauin-d paper, vellum, or parchment,'to the effect or form following; that is to say, I A.B. Clerk of the peace for the camty of or as the case may happen to be, deputy clerk

of the peace, do hereby declare that E. F. hath this day delivered into my office, a paper writing, or account, containing his name and place of abode, (or as the case may happen to be) hath this day regfitred a deputation, whereby he is appointed a game-keeper by for the manor or

lauds of which I do. hereby certify, in pursuance of an 'all of parliament passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his Majesty king George the third, entitled, an all for granting to his Mfefiy, his heirs and fticcessors, several duties therein mentioned to be levied by the commr/f;oners for managing the Jimp duties; and that such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, afrer he'should have, signed such certificate, should forthwith issue the fame stamped, as in and by said recited act is directed, to the person or persons re-fpcdively requiring the fame in manner aforesaid, and should, previous to the delivery thereof, be entitled to demand and receive of and from such person, the sum of cwo shillings and six pence for his own trouble in that behalf; and in case any such clerk of the peace or his deputy ll.ould, upon payment or tender to him of said sum of two (killings and six pence, and on production of such paper, vcl'ui.:, c,r parchment stamped as aforesaid, negle- or refufo to issue to such Von. XX. (j it. person

yio 'Tie*'Fortieth Fear of' George'ILL

A.D. : person as aforesaidfo delivering in such paper or account in \vri;. l8o°. jngt or-registering such deputation as -aforesaid, a certificate in manner and form by said act directed, every such clerk of the; peace should, for every such offence, fcrfciland pay the sum of: twenty.-pounds; and that every certificate issued by the clerk < of the peace, or his deputy, pursuant to the said act, should: bear date on the day of the month on which the farce shouM , be issued, and should endure and remain in force from thence , until the twenty-fifth day of March next following the date . thereof, and no longer; and that if any clerk of the peace . or his deputy, should iiffue any certificate- to any person,

otherwise than as therein- directed,' he should forfeit and pa?

the sum of-twenty pounds; and -that -from and after the r twenty-fifth day. of March,- -one thousand eight hundred,

: if any person should keep -or use any- grey-hound, hound, , pointer, felting dog, spaniel or other dog, -or.any gun, net, /Or other engine- for- the taking or destruction of any hare, pheasant, partridge,: heath fowl, -commonly, called black game,

or. grouse, commonly, called- red game, or any other-game . whatsoever, without having obtained such -certificate in such ..manner as before directed, every such person.should for such offence, forfeit and pay- the sum of twenty.pounds, to be recovered and applied, as in said ad- is mentioned; and that from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, if-any person to whom any deputation or appointment of a-game-keeper should'at any time thereafter '. he,granted -by any lord or lady of a,manor in1 Ireland, should . fot’-the space of twenty,days next after, such deputation or appointment should be granted, neglect or refuse to register the fame, and take out- a. certificate 'thereof, in the manner by said act directed, every such person not having obtained ;such certificate, should forfeit ;arid pay the'sum of twenty pounds, to-be recovered and applied as in said-ad is directed: And whereas-.it was by said act further enacted, that the clerks of the peace, or their -deputies in - their respective . counties, should, on or before the twelfth day-of August, onc ithoufa'nd eight hundred, -transmit to tlwhead office offhmps lin Dublin, a corrcd lifDin alphabetical order, of the certificates by them issued, between the twenty-fifth day of March, -one thousand eight hundred, and the fir.ft day of August-in

the

Ib’oo. Chap. 59.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 711

flic fame year, distinguishing the duties paid on each respect A.D. live certificate so riTued, and that on the delivery thereof, the receiver general of theftamp duties should pay-every fecit

clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for making out and writ-in; sny fuel) lift, after the rate one-halfpenny'for the name cf every such person to whom -such certificate should be ifcded, and which should beinserted in such lift; and in case any clerk of the peace, or- his deputy, should neglect orrcfiifc to make out such lifts-as aforrfuid, or should not insert in such lift a fish, true, and perfcdl account, as in said r.:d is tlircfied, of all the persons the fame ought -to contain, then and in every such-case, every such-clerk-of the peace, or ins deputy, should for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and that alf such lifts upon such transmission thereof as aforesaid, -should be deposited and kept st the said'head office of-(lamps-in Dublin,-and should and might within: the office ' hours, be resorted to and in spefted by any person'v.'ha'tsoeveryorr payment of one shilling ai'.dao more; and' that the commissioners of: Bis Majesty's stamp duties, should once or dftener in every yenr, as soon ns conveniently -might be, after the said 'lifts should have been so transmitted to them as aforesaid, publiftr the fame, or cause the same to be inserted in the newspapers circulating in each respective county, or ir. fuel) publick newspa-

pers as to them should seem mofl proper.; and that if any lord or lady of a - manor in Ireland, should make any new deputation or appointment'of a game-keeper, for any manor nr lands, in the.room' of the person -already appointed, and :a whom any such certificate as aforesaid, had been issued,

;m! should register- such new deputation with the clerk of the peace, or his -deputy of the county in which such manor cr lands should be situate, and should obtain a new certificate thereof, the first certificate granted should be null and void, and the person acting under the fame, after notice given to-him of such new and other certificate, should be liable to the penalties prescribed by the said adit, in the same manner as if no certificate had been granted to such person; and that if any person or persons should be found using any dog, gun, net or other engine, for the taking or deflruc-tion of game, by any other person who had obtained a ccr-tiiicate in manner by said -act directed, it should and might S R t be

' 2 he Feriii'h Ic'-r of GcoAge til-

be lawful for such other person producing inch certiseitf

712

A.D. 1800.

Chap,°jo J° ^cni:in^ and require from the person so using such deg, gnn, net,-or other engine as aforesaid, to produce and fe-y,

; a certificate ififued to him for that purpose, as by die f.iid a3 :- is directed; and that every such person should upon i demand and requisition as aforesaid, produce such certifies to the person so demanding the latne, and permit the facie to be inspected accordingly; and if any such person fliodj ' wilfully refnfe to produce and shew a certificate ififued w ‘ him for that purpose, or should decline to produce, or few ' the fame, or not having produced and shewn such certificate,

should refuse on demand thereof,' to give in his name and

surname, or the place of his residence, or should give in any false or fiditious name or place of residence, every such p;rson so offending,' should forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if any person should be found going over any land or ground of any person, and should carry any gun or net for destroying game, every such person should be deemed

to be in pursuit of game, and should be liable to such penalty as petfims found in pursuit of game are by the said recited act subject to; and that the certificate thereby ai-reded to be iltucd by the clerks of the peace, or their deputies in the respective counties, should not authorize or

enable any person to use any grey-hound,' pointer, fetiing dog, spaniel or other clog, or any gun, net,-or other engine

> for the taking or destruction of game at any time or time;, or in any manner prohibited by any law then in being, nor should give to any person any right to use any grey-hound, pointer, setting dog, spaniel or other.dog, or any gun, nc, or other engine for the taking or destruction of game, unless such person should be duly- qualified so to do, - under and by virtue of the laws then in being, made for the preservntion -of the game, but should be liable to the fame penalties in all or any of the said la\V3 contained, as if the said recited act had not been made; and it was thereby enacted, that no certificate obtained under any deputation or appointment of a game-keeper, should be pleaded or given in evidence in any, case whatsoever, where the person having such certificate should have used, or Ihoulci use any grey-hound, hound,: pointer, setting-dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gnn, net, =or other engine, for the taking or destruction of game, out of,

or

\ {

The Fortieth Year of George III. 713

or beyond the precinfls or limits of the manor or lands for, A.D. or in respect of which such deputation or appointment was p.1®00, given and made; be-.it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That A,j,lcf?r;'

1 1 ' going recitt*

from and after the first day of August, one thousand eight part of tud

hundred, the herein before recited parts of the said recited repealed,sum aft shall Hand and be repealed. iSoo

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pc, first day of August, one thousand eight hundred, every person in Ireland who shall keep or use any dog, gun', net, or Hull t»kc out other engine fit for, or commonly used for the taking or de- from jift,;. flruflion of game, not acting as a game-keeper, tinder or by virtue of a deputation or appointment, (duly registered) shall lx"-' previously deliver in a paper, or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person to n distributor of {lamps in the kingdom of Ireland, and fake out a certificate thereof; and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or Ihcet of paper, upon which any such certificate to any such person, shall beengrofled, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two pounds five shillings and six-pence, which said piece of vellum or parchment, or (licet or piece of paper with such stamp thereon, shall be found and provided by the person or per-loiis requiring such certificate, and that every deputation or appointment of a game-keeper, granted to any person by any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland, shall be registered with a distributor of {lamps in the kingdom of Ireland; and Game-Kv:- the same-keeper so appointed shall take out a certificate tiun of from such distributor, and that upon every piece of out cm-

r J r uncatei from

vellum or parchment, or Ihcct or piece of paper, upon which diiiributois ;mv such certificate issued to any person under any depu- 0 ll:,ml>, tation or appointment of game-keeper, shall be engrofled, r.iittcn or printed, there, shall be charged a (lamp duty of !ivo pounds five shillings and six-pence.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of Namcnml August, one thousand eight hundred, every person delivering 'u^kcopLg* into the office of any distributor of (lamps in the kingdom of Ireland, a paper or account in writing, containing the name "f mil place of abode of such person, and every game-keeper «, tokuc-Vol. XX. S S to

714 27>i? Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to whom any such deputation or appointment shall be granted

I®00, as aforesaid, registering the fame in manner aforesaid, and

!^IX55'producing a piece of vellum, parchment, or paper damped '/ib'a w'^' the duty of two pounds five shillings and six-pence, withdictii- and also paying the sum of two shillings and six-pence to !bmps,°?.nd such distributor of (lamps for his trouble, and requiring a ties to be certificate thereof, shall be entitled to such certificate, and

paid to them. ’

every such distributor of (lamps shall thereupon issue a certificate on such damped paper, vellum or parchment to the effect or form following, that is to say,

Certificate* to I A.B. disinbutor of stamps for the county of

diiSorf (or f'j of >as !he cafi m:,y hanen to k)>

hereby declare, that , of

- in the parish of_, in the barony of

and county or city, (as the case may be)., of

hath this Jayfel’ivered into my office a paper writing or account, containing his name and place of abode, (or as the case may happen to be), hath this day registered a deputation, whereby he is appointed a game-keeper, by , for the manor tr

Idisds of , which I do hereby certify, in pur-

Juance of an all of parliament, passed in the fortieth year of lU reign of his Majesty, King George the third, entitled, an act a amend and explain an all, passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successirs. several duliei therein mentions1, to be levied by the commissioners for managing the samp duties.

IV. And licit enacted, That such distributor of (lamps, after be shall have signed such certificate, shall forthwith issue the fame, stamped as herein before is directed, to the person

certificates as 1

d:rc£lui. or persons respectively requiring the fame, in manner afore-fairi, and shall, 'previous to the delivery thereof, be entitled to demand and receive, of and from such person the sum of two shillings and fix-pence, for his own trouble, in that behalf; and in case any such distributor of (lamps shall upon payment or tender to him of said sum of two shillings and six-pence, and on production of such paper, vellum or parchment, stamped as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to issue lo Tush person as aforesaid, so delivering in such paper, or account in writing, or registering such deputation as aforesaid, 7 a certificate,

2cl. penalty on il f-tiibutoi- for i.ol ilLtiitt;

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

a certificate, in manner and form as herein before is directed, every such distributor of stamps shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That every certificate issued by any distributor of stamps pursuant to this act, shall bear date on the day of the month on which the same shall be issued, and liiall endure and remain in force from thence until the twenty-fifth day of March next following the date thereof, and no longer; and if any distributor of stamps shall issue any certificate to any person otherwise than as above directed, he liiall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of August, one thousand eight hundred, if any person shall keep or use any grey-hound, hound, pointer, setting dog, spanicl, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for taking or destruction of any hare, pheasant, partridge, heath fowl, commonly called black game, or grouse, commonly called ted game, or any other game whatsoever, without having obtained such certificate in such manner as herein before is directed, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in the manner in which the penalties with respect to game licenses are by said recited act directed to be recovered and applied.

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of August, one thousand eight hundred, if any person to whom any deputation or appointment of a game-keeper shall have been, or at any time hereafter shall be granted by any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland, shall for the space of twenty days next after such deputation or appointment shall he granted, neglect or refuse to register the fame, and take out a certificate thereof, in the manner herein before directed, every Inch person not having obtained such certificate as aforesaid, in pursuance of this aid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied in the manner in which the penalties with respect to game licenses are by the said recited a Cl to be recovered and applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several distri-Imtors in Ireland shall, on or before the fifth day of every month tvansmit to the head officer of stamps in Dublin, a

8 S 2 correct

Certificates in force from the time of issuing them until 25th March following.

20l. for keeping or using any ilo« or inilrumeni for taking game without a certificate.

20l. pe* nalty on game-keeper for neglecting to register, and take out certificate.

Uifiiihu-

tors to trim*-mit lilts (o Dublin,) 4 &c.

?x6 ‘i'he Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

correct lift in alphabetical order, of the certificates by them 1806. respectively issued in the then last preceding month, and on the delivery thereof the receiver-general of the stamp duties

shall pay every such distributor of stamps for making out and Writing any such lift, after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every such person to whom such certificate Hall have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such lift;

and in case any distributor of stamps shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit such lifts as aforesaid, or shall not jnfert in such lift a full, true, and perfect account as herein before directed, of all the persons the fame ought to contain, then and in every such case every such distributor shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

Lifts may

IX. And be it enacted, That all such lifts upon such trans-

by any Cperson thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at

payings tint, the said head office of stamps in Dublin, and shall and may ling at lump , r

office in Dub- within the office hours he resorted to and inspected by any person whatsoever, on payment of one Drilling, and no more.

Lifts to be x. And be it eqadled, That the commissioners of his Ma-published. . jesty’s stamp duties shall, once or oftener, in every year, as soon as conveniently may be after the said lifts, or any of them, shall have been so transmitted to them as aforesaid, publish the fame, or cause the same to be inserted in the newspapers, circulating in each respective county, or in such public newspapers as to them shall seem most proper.

XI. And whereas deputations or appointments of game-

Revocation keepers may be revoked; be it therefore enacted, That if ments'o"11' any ^or<^ or la£>y a manor >n Ireland (bail make any new game-keepers, deputation or appointment of a game-keeper for any manor or lands in the room of the person already appointed, and to whom any such certificate as aforesaid hath been issued, and shall register fuel] new deputation or appointment with any distributor of stamps in the kingdom of Ireland, and llull obtain a new certificate thereof, the first certificate granted shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void, and the person acting under the fame, after notice given to him of such new and other certificate, shall be liable to the penalties prescribed by this a Cl, in the same manner as if no certificate had been granted to such person.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 717

XII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons A.D. shall he found using any dog, gun, net, or other engine for lSo0- -

the taking or destruction of game, by any other person who hath obtained a certificate in manner herein before directed, it ^rn(u«

(lull and may be lawful for such other person producing such certificates ' ceiuiicate, to demand and requite from t'ne person so using «ri;iS«of far!’, dog, gun, net, or'other engine as aforesaid, to produce olll"s tl’ bc

f f produced.

and fiirw .1 certificate issued to him for that purpose as herein before is directed; and every such person shall upon such demand and requisition as aforesaid, produce such certificate to the person so demanding the fame, and peimit the fatna to be iufprcletl accordingly j and if any such person shall wilfully RrfiiGngt* rd'ife 10 produce and shew a certificate issued !> him for that purpose, or fii.dl decline to produce or shew the lame, or not having produced and ftiewn such certificate, shall refuse on demand thereof, to give in his name and surname, and the place of his refirience, or shall give in any false or fiflitious name or place of residence, every such person so offending,

shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if any rerfanicarry-person shall be found going over any land or ground of any ])n';T8]"j)S:c'

tlremed in pursuit of

person. and shall carry any gun or net for destroying game, every such person shall be deemed to be in pursuit of game, game, ami shall be liable to such penalty as persons found in pursuit of game are by this act subjc.ct to.

XIII. And be it enacted, Thai the certificate hereby di- Nothing retted to bc issued by any distributor of stamps, shall not authorize or enable any person to use any grey-hound, hound, pointer, fctling-dog, spaniel or other dog, or any gun, net, contrary to or other engine, for the taking or deflrtnflion of game, at S!"'a any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any law note in being, nor shall give to any person any right to use any grey-hound, hound, pointer, setting-dog, spaniel, oc other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine, for the taking nr dclltmflion of game, nniefs such person shall be duly qualified so to do under and by viituc of the laws now in being made for the preservation of the game, but shall bc liable to the fame penalties in all or any of the said laws contained as if act had not been made.

X!V. And be it enacted, That no certificate obtained under n-n to enable any deputation or appointment of a game-keeper, shall bc pleaded or given in evidence in any case whatsoever, where omui ihcii.

0_. mils of their

Vol.XX, 8T the Liudi.

‘Lifts to be transmitted by clerks of peace to ilamp-nlliceJn Dublin.

w;i5 'The Fortieth ,;r «/' George III. A.D. 1800.

the person having such certificate shall have fed, or shall 1800. use any gtey-hound, hound, pointer, setting-dog, ipaaie!, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or destruction of game out of, or beyond the precincts or limits of the manor or lands for or in respeff of which such deputation or appointment was given and made,

-Licenses if-

XV. Provided always and be it ensiled. That all !i_

filed between J

sjMarehaud cenfes, which since the twenty-fifth day of March, one fliaUcontinuo’ thousand eight hundred have been, or before the firfr day of Marcl/iSor August, one 'honfiind eight hundred, shall he granted or issued by any clerk of the peace under and by virtue cf th.; aforesaid recited act, shall continue in fores until the twer.-ty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall during that period be eonfideretl ns cfiklu.il as if the fame had been issued in pursuance of this ail

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all clerks of the peace shall, and do on or before the tenth day of August, one thousand eight hundred, transmit to the head office of {lamps in Dublin, a correct lift in alphabetical order of the certificates by them issued pursuant to said recited ail, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and first day of August, one thousand eight hundred, and on the delivery thereof the receiver general of the stamp duties shall pry every such clerk of the peace or his deputy, for making out and writing any such lift, after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every such person to whom such certificate shall have been issued, and which shall be inserted in such lift; and in case any clerk of the peace or his deputy, shall neglect or refuse to make out and transmit such lift as aforesaid,.or shall not insert in such lift a full, true, and perfect account as herein before directed of all the persons the fame ought to contain, then and in every such case, every such clerk of the peace or his deputy shall, for every such (.{fence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

I.jowpc.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary penalties futd'fotauil0 'mPn^ 011 any person for any offence against this act, recovered, may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, by any person suing for them, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no cffoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the

court

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

court of proper jurisdiction, and wherein the plaintiff.

719

A.D. 1800.

if) 00.

if he or file shall recover any penalty or penalties,

shall receive the same for his or her own life, with tofts of suit.

XVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may he law-

' may hisuma*

fal for any one or more justice or indices of the peace of a«J

the county wherein any offence against this act- shall be com- 7afum-

u.itted, and such justice or justices is and are hereby re- mar5' cubed upon information or complaint to him or them made, in fiiamon the party or parties accused, and also the vit-nesses on either fide, to appear before him or them, and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused,- or in rcfialt of Ids, her, or their appearance, according to such limtiiimK, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a ftimniary way, and upon clue proof mailt thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party or parties accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in anil by this act is directed, and to award and issue his warrant, under his hand find seal, for the levying the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods of fuel) offender cannot be'found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of cor-reflion, there to remain for a space of time not less than one calendar month, and not exceeding three calendar months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if such person or persons shall find himself or Appeali» tlicmfeivcs aggrieved by the judgment of any such justice, on^iv-then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the >ns amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as (Tin 11 be awarded, in case fuel) judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the then next general quarter sessions for the county, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the judgment of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal, as to themselves shall seem meet.

The Fortieth Year of George III. '

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall be summoned as a witness to give evidence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters and

ioi. penal- things herein contained, either on the part of the profecu-

tyforrelufing

to attend to for, or or the person or persons nccufed, and (hal l neglect give evidence. or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excnfc for such his or her neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such j office or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means as is herein before di- redded for the raising and levying the said bill mentioned pc. nalty of twenty pounds.

XX. And be it enacted, That the justice or justices of the peace be fire whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other f ir n of words to the fame effect nut at is mutandis, and that iV.ch form of conviction shall be deemed legal, that is to f.;v,

Torm of conviction to be made out byjulliccs.

Be it remembered, that on the day of , in Ike year tf

our Lord,

at , in the rt,rutty f

A.B. came before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county ref ding near the place where the offence was committed, and informed me that E. F. of on the day of

now laf pafl, did vfe a gun, dog, net, or other engine {as th/ case may be) for the taking or definition of game, and did thereby and therewith lake, kill, and defray a hare or other game (as the case may be), (here set firth the fad} for which the information was laid), without having the certificate required by law for that purpose, whereupon the said E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge appeared before me, and having heard the charge contained in said information, declared he was guilty of the said offence, {or as the case may happen to be), did not appear before me pursuant to the said summom, or did neglect and rest/fe to mike any defence, against the fmi

charge,

The Fortieth Year of George III. ^21

n'urge, but the fame being fully />roved upon the oath of G H. A.D. a credible witness, or {as the case may hapten to be), acknow- l °’

ledged and voluntarily corf fed the same to be true, and it tutlifeftly appeared to me that he the said E. F. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said information, I do therefore hereby conviB him of tk-- < (fence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, according to the form of the statute in that case made and provided. Given under my hand and seal, the day oj

Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for Juit;«a fuel) justice or justices, where or they shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he or they shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always over and above such mitigated penalty, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said cods and charges any thing herein contained Coavtft'on to the contrary notwithstanding , and no such conviction TuvIji, shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any per foil or persons P«fuiu shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted, lion/ifi- tutor any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this ndl, or of any clause, matter or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for hist or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs Trc!1,5 C,;!U

# r to ilcferdant

become non-suited, then such defendant or defendants shall if jiijiiiiiii'be have treble costs awarded to him or them aga,infl such plain- ’

tiff or plaintiffs.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law- Tills aft

fill to repeal or alter any part of this act during this present at-session of parliament. ltla1,

XXIII. Whereas many persons have erroneously conceived Elr,nrml!l that the obligatory instrument, commonly called a Kcriy

bottd, '.o'.d which contains within the body thereof a warrant '

22 Yhe Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to confess judgment upon any action to be brought thereon 1800. ;s not liable to the duty imposed by law upon warrants to confess judgment upon any suit or action, in addition to the duty payable upon such instrument as a bond or obligatory instrument, and need not be stamped with the stamp or mark required by law, for such warrant of attorney, and many persons have accordingly executed such instruments containing warrants to confess judgment as aforesaid, although the duty imposed by law on warrants to confess judgment had not been paid thereon, in addi'ion to the duty payable upon such infirumenf as a bond or oblig tory iuflrunicnt, nor had the fame been marked with the stamp or mark rc-. qdired by law for such warrants of attorney, and many in-conveniencies may arise therefrom, be it therefore enacted, Bonds may That when any bond or instrument obligatory, containing within the body thereof a warrant to confess judgments or turn, a».k«- jlicJ,rment tliercon, hath been heretofore executed, or shall

lti, tvi'h IKitnp J > '

nquicdfjr hereafter be executed, on or before the first day of Septem-coiififs judg- bir, one thousand eight hundred, without having paid the khlg 'xrcii- du'y imposed by law upon warrants to confess judgment, ia t'" addition to the duty payable upon such instrument as a bond r.mi brm^iu or writing obligatory, and without the fame having been MilraJoSx1 stamped with the stamp or mark required by law for such "tiorkrore warrant of attorney, and that such bond or instiument shall

I JJCC. iOOC. y

be brought on or before the first day of December, in the year one thousand eight hundred, to the head stamp-office in the city, of Dublin to be stamped, it ss.all and may be lawful to and for the proper officer and officers, and they are hereby icquired, upon payment or tender of the duty by law imposed upon a warrant to confess judgment, to mark and stamp such instrument with the stamp or fr.ark required by ' law for warrants to confess judgment, without asking, de-

manding, or receiving any other fnm of money whatsoever for so stamping the fame, any thing in this or any former act notwithstanding, and such instrument, when so marked or stamped, may be pleaded, or given, or received in evidence, or otherwise made life of acc 'riling to law in any court, and shall be admitted in any court to be go ><l and available in law and equity, a' it the duty imp'fel ny !"' upon a warrant to confess judgment had been du y pjai

thereon,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

thereon, in addition to the duty payable upon such instru-rocnt as a bond or obligatory inftrmnent, and that the fame tad been marked or stamped accordingly, previous to the execution thereof, any thing in this or any former act notwithstanding; and every person or persons concerned at any time before the first day of September, in the year one thousand eight hundred, in the engrossing, writing, or printing any such instrument, or executing the fame, or entering judgment thereon previous to the payment of such duty, or the affixing such mark or fiamp, shall be freed and discharged of and from ail, and all manner of penalties incurred, or to be incurred for the fame, provided such instrument be brought to the head office to be stamped, on or before the first day of December, one thousand eight hundred.

CHAP. LX.

An /IB for granting to his Majesty a further Supply out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied' to the Purposes therein mentioned, and for raifng by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned.

Friday the Ftrjlday of Avgvjlt ore thousand riyht lun.hwl, Royal Jlfr.t

jony CAVER, D. CEFR. PARI.

WHEREAS by an act passed this fdlion of parlia- By recited

l 1 /I n J r .1 . act of this icf-

ment, entitled, An act for Jecunng the payment fw, rf the annuities, and of the interest and charges upon the prin-afat sums therein provided for, and towards Jifcharge of such principal sums in such wanner as therein is directed, and for i

enabling the officers of his Majesty's treasury to receive certain sums for a limited time in manner therein mentioned, and for panting unto his Majesty a certain fun of money cut of the n.iifolirlaied fund, and for atf/yrng a ret lain fun (f money iUrcia mentioned, for the services <ftheye.tr ate thousand eight h’.irtd, and for other put poles, it is enabled, that out of fuel) monies as shall Irom time to time be, and reiinin in Ik exchequer of the Turpins of the fund, called the cpnfo-lidated fund, from the twenty-fifth d.iy of ]YI:i’ch. one 8 U 2 thuufjnd

m

A, I), i Boo.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, after (raying and reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and foots of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament, or by any act or acts passed this session of parliament, to be paid out of the fame, shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, a sum not exceeding five million three hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and two pounds fourteen thillings and eight-pence halfpenny.

II. And whereas his Majesty's loyal subjects, <he commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, have resolved to give and grant to his Majesty a further supply of the sum herein after mentioned; therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent' Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of such monies as shall from time to time

A" further fitj/ply of

762,8+11.1 is remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of

1 /d. it. hereby granted for purjuifcs Ivre-;>ftur mention* al.

i he

io.ocqI. to Dublin So-i-.cly.

said consolidated fund from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and Aims as have been directed by the said act to be paid, shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the said further supply to his Majesty for the service of the hid year one thousand eight hundred, a sum not exceeding seven hundred and sixty-two thousand four hundred and eighty-one pounds eleven diillings and eleven-pedee, and the fame is hereby appropriated, and shall be issued by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, of any three or more of them, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, and applied for and towards the several uses and purposes herein after expreftld.

Ilk And be it enacted, That out of the said further flip-ply there shall and may be issued and applied the sum of ten thousand pounds to the Dublin Society, towards enabling them to carry into execution the very useful objects for the improvement of agriculture, arts, and manufactures, mentioned

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

tioned in their petition to the house of commons; the sum of three hundred pounds to the aflbeiation for difeounte-nancing vice, and promoting the practice of virtue, to enable them to carry into execution the objects of their petition to the said house; the sum of three hundred pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the said house, to be by him applied to the payment of clerks attending the fame; any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred and thirty thousand pounds, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieutenant in the relief of those persons who have suffered from their loyalty during the rebellion, and in the payrrent of such expences as shall be incurred in the examination and payment of their claims, a sum not exceeding the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieutenant in defraying such extraordinary expence as may be incurred for the defence of Ireland; the sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds to be applied in such manner as his excellency the lord lieutenant shall think fit towards discharging the debts due by the church-wardens and directors of the late watch establishment in the distritl of the metropolis the sum of one thousand pounds to the lords of the treasury, to be by them applied under the direction of his excellency the lord lieutenant, towards working a gold mine in the county of Wicklow; a sum of one thousand pounds to the president and members of the royal Irish academy, for the purposes of their inflitution; the sum of nine hundred pounds to Henry Ormsby, marshal of the four courts marshalsea, in lieu of rents and fees due and payable to him by insolvent debtors, of which he has been deprived by several nils of parliament in their favour; the sutn of eleven thousand four hundred and eighty-one pounds eleven shillings and eleven pence to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons, to be by him applied to defray the expence of forming indexes to tiic several volumes of the new edition of the journals of the house of commons, of forming a general index to the said journals, and of printing the fume, and also the expence of binding six hundred and nine sets of the said journals and indexes; the sum of five thousand pounds to be applied to defray the charge of printing and stationary for both houses of parliament; the sum of four hundred pounds net to Ed-Vol. XX. H X mond

300l. to nffo-ciaiion for difeounte-itanclog *«ee. 300l. to the speaker far clerks.

2 )0,ooool. for

fullering

loyalists.

500,000l. fur defence ot Ireland.

7500I to discharge debts of watch cllnblifimient in Dublin.

locol. for Wicklow gold mine.

1000l. loR. I. academy.

900l. to II. Ormsby, nur-shal of f. o. marllialfcs.

Il,4.fill. 119,

1 id. for indexes to journals of h. of commons, dec.

jccol. for priming and ihition.'ity for both house of parliament.

400I, to Edmond Fenner. 500l. for female orphan house.

Further -supply shall be applied to purposes of this act.

Resolution to raise 5,366,6661. 13s. 4d. by loan.

Provision to be made for intcrgft and charges of 2,000,000]. British, granted by the English parliament.

Lords oftrea-fury may receive two millions, British, from treasury in G. Britain.

The Fortieth Year of George III. mond Fenner, clerk of the journals of the house of lords, for his labour and expence in transcribing the journals of the house of lords; and the sum of five hundred pounds for the purpose of aiding the female orphan-house charity on the circular road near Dublin.

IV.'And be it enacted, Thai the further supply by this act granted, shall be'issued and applied to the uses, intents, and purposes in this act mentioned, and to no other.

V. And whereas by a resolution of the house of commons, of the second day of July, one thousand eight hundred, it is resolved, that towards raising the said supply of five million three hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and two pounds fourteen shillings and eight-pence halfpenny, and the said further supply of seven hundred and sixty-two thousand four- hundred and eighty-one pounds eleven shillings and eleven-pence, making together the sum of six million one hundred and' four thousand’and eighty-four pounds fix (lill--lings and seven-pence; the sum of five million three hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and sixty pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, be raised by way of loan.

VI. And whereas a - sum not exceeding two millions of pounds British currency hath been granted' to his Majesty by the parliament of Great Britain, to enable his Majesty to make remittances from time to time, to be applied to his Majesty's service in Ireland, in such manner as should be approved of by the parliament of Ireland, on provision being made by the said parliament for defraying the interest and charges of a loan to that amount; in order therefore to raise the said sum, not exceeding two millions of pounds British currency, as part of the said sum 'by the said resolution authorized to be raised by loan, be - it- enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland to receive, or cause to be received, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in'Ireland, from theconi-missioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, all such sum fend sums of money, not exceeding two millions of pounds British currency, making in Irish currency the sum of two million one hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, as shall be paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 727

VII. And whereas the said sum of two millions of pounds A.D. hath been raised in Great Britain by loan, and every contri- p.1®00,

butor thereto, for every one hundred pounds contributed and __________

paid, is entitled to the principal sum of one hundred and ten pounds, making a capital stock of two million two hun- foaof two dred thousand pounds, British currency, amounting in Irish tish, iul been currency to two million three hundred and eighty-three thou- ralliJ-sand three hundred and thirty-three pounds fix fttillings and eight pence, in annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, to commence from the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred, and to the further principal fnm of forty-seven pounds, making a capital stock of nine hundred and forty thousand pounds, British currency, amounting in Irish currency to one million eighteen thousand three hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings and eight-pence, in three pounds per centum, reduced annuities, to commence from the fifth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said two sums of capital stock amounting to three million three hundred and one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds, thirteen shillings and four-pence, is also subject to a yearly charge of one pound per centum, to be issued by the commissioners of the treasury in England by quarterly payments to the commissioners appointed by act of parliament in Great Britain, for reducing the national debt, to be applied in the reduction thereof; in order therefore to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England to cause the said annuities, or interest and charge to be regularly paid; be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids and duties appropriated to the payment of the interest and charges of any sum or sums raised by loan, in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament in Ireland, the commission- interest ami ers of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland shall cause to be issued out of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, d. and paid in London to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, the amount of each half-yearly annuity or interest, at the times the fame respectively shall become due as aforesaid, and also the said quarterly and other charges.

VIII. And be it enacted, That for raising the sum of two j,$o0,ooool. million five hundred thousand pounds, in further part of t’nc said sum of five million three hundred and sixty-six 5 p«m. thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings March, Si8ce, 8X2 and

7 2,3 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and four pence, authorized to be raised by loan as aforesaid, ch'S-o debentures to the amount of two million five hundred thousand pounds, bearing an interest at the rate- of five pounds and 2SV>,ijcl. per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of March,

on treasury 1 J

bills at 5 pm- in the year one thousand eight hundred; and treasury bills . 2;Dcc.ri799. to the amount of two hundred and eighty-six thousand two bmtiiresand" hundred and fifty pounds, bearing a like interest from the ubilisMbe twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be issued, To that the contributor or contributors to the said loan shall receive-a debenture for one hundred pounds, and treasury bills at the rate of fifteen pounds nine shillings, for every sum of one hundred pounds contributed; such treasury bills to pass current at the receipt of His Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, on the twenty-fifth clay of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cwitiibu-

IX. And be it enacted, That the contributor or contribu-ju reent'. tors to the said sum of two million five hundred thousand pounds, shall, on or before the twenty-full day of June, one thousand eight hundred, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, ten pounds per centum on such sum or sums as he or they shall respectively contribute as a deposite and security for making the future-payments in the proportions, and on -or before the days herein after mentioned; Oilier days of that is to say, ten pounds fir centum on such sum, on or payment. Pjefore the thirtieth day of July, one thousand eight hundred; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth day of August following; a like ten pounds per centum on

or before the twenty-seventh day of September following; a like ten-pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth day of October following; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-ninth day of November following; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty- fourth day of

December following; a like ten pounds per centum on cr before the fifteenth day of-January, in the year one thousand

-eight hundred and one; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the tenth day of-February following; and a like ion

pounds /vr centum on or before the twentieth day of March

blowing; and if any of the aforesaid payments shall be

payments made before the times on which they arc respectively pay-

fij'puiated able as aforesaid, there shall be allowed an interest by way

turns. g of

The Fortieth Year of George III. > 729

of discount, after the rate of five pounds per centum per A.D. annum on the sum so advanced, to be computed from the Q °g day of paying in to the time the fame is payable, as aforesaid; and the said first deposite shall be forfeited to the use firftdeposite of his Majesty, in case the persons respectively making the ftnu^of*" fame shall fail to make any fobfeqtient payment on or be- subse<t,lent

1 r / ( payment*

fore any of the days on which the fame ought to be paid as

iforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That for every.sum of one hun- Debentures

- to be delirer.

dred pounds which shall be so paid into the receipt of his edinusual Majesty's exchequer, a debenture for one hundred pounds, StereftpSd beating such interefi as aforesaid,- shall be given by the pro- at ‘"‘""T-per officer of his Majesty's treasury in like manner, as hath been usually done in cases where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debentures; and that upon every such.debenture there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, to the person or persons who shall r.espectively become entitled to the fame, an intc-rcfl at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall be paid their principal money at one entire payment.

XF. And be it enacted, That treasury bills at the rate Treasury of fifteen pounds nine shillings for each such one hundred i/rUtj°and pounds as shall be so paid, shall be issued by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury bearing such interefi as aforesaid, and given to the persons respectively, who shall -have made such payments, and such treasury bills shall pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and three; after which time all the interefi thereon shall eeafe.

XII. And be it enacted, That upon every such treasury ^Inrerelt o* bill there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's ex- be"paid a chequer in Ireland, to the bearer thereof, an interefi after ,r"furT' the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, without any fee or charge, and free from all abatements whatsoever.

730 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

i8co. Chap. 60.

Loan of 1,500,000l. contracted for by Luke V/hitc, esq.

be paid .75C00l. as a depoftte, but did not pay the remainder.

said 75000l. shall be applied toward* supply, fav. /ing light to said Luke White, as

herein.

XIJJ. And whereas Luke White, of the city of Dublin, esquire, on the sixteenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred, pursuant to a printed paper or public notice pub-lifi.ed' on the first day of April preceding, and dated at his Majesty's treasury in the cafile of Dublin, did by a written proposal, signed and delivered by him at the office of the right honourable lord vifcOunt Castlereagh, in the castle of Dublin, agree and contract to lend and advance by way of loan, for the.use of the Jriih government, and to pay at the treasury of Ireland, by certain infialiments, for the exigencies of the public service, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, on certain terms and conditions cx-prelfed in said printed paper, according to the usual course in fuel) cases, subject to the approbation of parliament; and the said Luke White, on the sixteenth day of April, paid the sum of seventy five thousand pounds, as a riepofitc for the security and fulfilment of the terms on his part, being part of the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, in part performance of the said agreement, but has since failed to pay the sum of two hundred and twentj-five thousand pounds, which sum he had so con traded, and was bound as aforesaid to pay on the twenty-third day of May, one thousand eight hundred, and failed to perform his said engagement thereto, by which means it appears that the said Luke White abandoned all benefit that could have arisen to him from the due performance of the said contrail, and forfeited the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds so advanced by him as aforesaid; be it enacted, That the said sum of seventy-five thousand pounds shall be applied towards raising the said supply granted to his Majesty, saving nevertheless to the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, full power and authority to cause that right be done to the said Luke White, upon his petition, to be preferred within six months after the passing of this act, if it shall appear that he the said Luke White hath not violated the conditions of the said contract, or that he hath been released from the due performance thereof.

XIV. And be it enacted, That towards raising the said sum of five million three hundred and sixty-ftx thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven hundred

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Jrcd thousand pounds, may be raised- on treasury bills, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per mum, which treasury bills shall and may be payable at such time or times as shall be agreed upon by the commi f*-lloners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland for the time bcinsr, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and such sum or sums may be advanced and lent by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, and such treasury bills may from time to time be renewed with the said governor and company of the bank of Ireland.

XV. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act to grant certain Joliet therein mentioned to his Majesty, io.be applied to the ptir-fofe of making wide and convenient wayt, Jlreett, and passages in the city of Dublin, and for enabling the commissioners therein nmtiened more effeAnally to execute the trujfs reposed in them, certain duties are granted for the purpofis therein mentioned, and by the said add tire said commissioners are authorized to borrow upon the security of the said duties and funds a net fun) of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings- and seven-pencer for the purpose of opening a communication from Carlisle bridge to the par-iiament-house. And whereas it would much conduce to effect the purposes of the said act, if the said sum were raised, borrowed, and secured ip like manner as the sum of two million five hundred thousand pounds herein before mentioned, part of the said supply granted to his Majesty, is authorized to be raised, borrowed, and secured; therefore be it mailed, that it shall and may- be lawful for the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, at the instance of the said commissioners for making wide and convenient ways, flrcets, and passages in Dublin, from time to time, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to raise by loan on debentures, aided by treasury bills, any sum of money not receding the said sum of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings and fiven-8 Y c pence,

731

A.D. 1800.

I b’oo. Chap. 6o.

70o,ocol may beVaised by T. bills, at 5 per cent.

which nJay

be ndvaveed by. bank of Ireland.

Recital wide lb cct ad 39 G. 3.

38,9^5l. tm. 7<k may be nuTedhycom-millimiers of wide (b eets, on debentures and T. bill.*, fnr; u.'poses of said act.

732

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800. Chap. 60

Debentures and T. bills to be issued usual nian-

Such T. bills maybe renewed) at instance of -« said commis-Goners.

interest on such debentures to be paid from 25 March) 1800; and on T. bills from 2; Dec. 1799.

pence, and that the fame, when raised, shall be handed over to the said commissioners for making wide and convenient ways, streets and passages in Dublin, for the purposes in the said recited act mentioned, concerning the said sum,.

XVI. And be it enacted, That for every sum of one hundred pounds which shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by any contributor or contributors to the said sum, a debenture for the principal sum of one hundred pounds, bearing an interest of five pounds per centum per annum., from the twenty-fifth day of March, one tliou-sand eight hundred, and also treasury bills at the rate of fifteen pounds nine shillings for every such one hundred pounds, bearing an interest: at the rate of five pounds \a centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall he given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury in like manner as hath been usually done in cases where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture or tiea-fury bills, which treasury bills shall pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and three.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all such treasury bills as shall be so issued, shall and may, at the instance of the said commissioners for making wide and convenient ways, streets, and passages in Dublin, with the like approbatinn aforesaid, be from time to time renewed or replaced with other treasury bills, bearing an interest not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That upon every such debenture and treasury bill there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the person or persons who shall respectively become entitled to the fame, an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, upon every such debenture, and a like interest from t’nc twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on every such treasury bill, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall respectively be paid their principal money at one entire payment.

The Fcr 'ieth Year of George III.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners for making wide and convenient ways, streets, and passages in Dublin, shall, half yearly, previous to the respective days on which the interest of such debentures and treasury bills shall be payable, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, a sum equal to the half yearly interest which [ha.'I he then payable on such debentures and treasury bills respectively, and in case such treasury bills shall not be renewed or replaced by the issuing of other treasury bills in lieu thereof, shall, previous to the lime the fame

shall be payable, pay in like manner the principal sums fe-

cured by such treasury bills.

XX. And be it enacted, That all rates, duties,'and

taxes granted by the said act, or by any other act or acts cf parliament, and vested in the said commissioners for making wide and convenient ways, [beets, and passages in Dublin, shall be subject to the payment into the receipt of the said

exchequer, of the said interest, and to the payment of the

principal sums to be contained in the said treasury bills.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in case any monies shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in discharge of the interest of the said debentures or treasury bills, or in discharge of the principal sums in any such treasury bills, for payment of which the said last mentioned commit*-lioners shall not have supplied money pursuant to this act, then and from thenceforth all the said rates, duties, and tares shall Hand veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be paid into his Majesty's treasury, and retained as a fund for the discharge of the future interest of such principal sums, and of such principal sums secured by such treasury bills, until the whole thereof shall have been paid.

XXII. And whereas by a resolution of the house of commons of the second day of July, one thousand eight hundred, it is resolved, that the sum of one million four hundred and ten thousand pounds be raised by loan for the purpose of making good such' allowances as may be adjudged to the cities, towns, ahcl boroughs, which shall not after the union return any member to fit in the parliament of the united kingdom, and also to make compensation to the persons holding offices who may have the profits or emoluments Vol. XX. 8 Z of

II reels half* yearly; :nd principal Turns if nol renewed.

AH rrtes and duties

veiled in TaiJ

commission-crc shall be liable to such payment*.

Rates, tin-ties, dec. shall be veiled in his Majesty, limit principal or interest advanced at

th»-treasury

shall be paid*

;How fat'd Sum of 'I)4io.oooo1. rmay-beraifd.

Saul sum '/halite applied as aforesaid.

Addrefa ’fer a grant of 5C00l. to William Ball, for editing $ vols. of Ita-tutes, and making a complete index.

The Fortieth Year of ' George III.

oT their respective offices discontinued or reduced by rc.ifon of the union; and also to defray the expcnecs which may attend the commission which (ha'll be appointed to cn-quire:into the fame; be it enacted, that' towards raffing the said sum of one million four hundred and ten thousand pounds, the lords commissioners of his Majesty's trenfury may from time to time, with the approbation of the ford lieute-nant'for the time being, raise such part or parts thereof as shall or may be necessary, in such manner as may be most advantageous to the public,' either by the issue of debentures ortreasury bills, or both, or by issue of (lock transferable at the bank of England, or by issue of (lock transferable at the bank of Ireland, aided or not aided by a pre-'iTiium, or by annuities for certain terms of years, or far life, being granted with them, or by the fate of annuities for ’life each, or for certain terms of years, or by all or any of the ways and means aforesaid, together or fepanttely, in may be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the said sum of one million four hundred and ten thousand pounds, shall be applied to the purpose aforesaid, and shall and may be issued and paid, by the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer in Ireland, in such manner as is or shall be directed by any act or acts passed, or to be parted this session of parliament.

XXIV. And whereas by a resolution of the house of commons of the twenty-third day of May, one thousand eight hundred, it is resolved, That an humble addreis be presented to his excellency the lord lieutenant, that he will be pleased to lay before his Majesty, the humble request of the said house, that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to order a sum not exceeding five thousand pounds net, to be paid to William Ball, for his labour and trouble in editing five volumes of the statutes, and making a complete index to a new edition of the statutes at large, passed in the several parliaments holden in Ireland, from the third year of the reign of Edward the second, to the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, and that the said house would make good the fame; be it enacted, That in case his Majesty shall be

graciously

The Fortieth Year of George III. 735

graciou'fly pleased to order that a sum not exceeding five A.D. thousand pounds net, be paid to the said William Bill, for his labour and trouble aforesaid, the same shall be ifiucd by the commissioners for executing the office of lord high- Irca-surer of Ireland, out of the consolidated fund, and paid to

the said William Ball.

XXV. And whereas by a resolution of the hepfe of commons of the eleventh day of June, one thousand eight hundred, it is resolved, That an annual Aim not exceeding the Aim of fifty pounds per tin mini, be granted, to enable his Majesty to grant an annuity to the like amount, to be payable to the president and members of the Royal Irish Academy, towards defraying the expences of their establishment; therefore be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the pufidrnt and members of the Royal Irish Academy, an annuity of fifty pounds, towards defraying the expences of their establishnient, the same to be charged upon, and payable out of the fund called the consolidated fund, and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, and the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and pay, or cause to be iflueri and paid the said annuity accordingly, any thing in an act marie in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the support of the kwr and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil lifl establishment, - tinder certain fmillons and regulations, to the contrary thereof notwith-(1, Hiding.

Resolutm to grant 50l. a year to R. A.cai>

tay.'

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That Nothing 110 grant which shall be made by his Majesty, under the reRrainIn's authority of this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, f"_ to rest rain his Majesty from making any other grant or gram, pension which he may now lawfully do under the provision9

of the said act.

XXVII. Whereas by an act passed in the thirty-eighth Recital 38 year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable his Majesty to receive voluntary contributions of his subjects for the itfence of this kingdom, reciting that several persons had voluntary offered to pay certain sums of money in aid of the supplies granted in the said year for the defence of this king-8 Z a dom,

Rtcital 39

G}.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

dom, and that it was expedient that the officers of his Majesty's treasury should he authorized to receive sums which u.iuht be so paid, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it was enacted, That it should be lawful for the teller of the exchequer, or his ' deputy, to open books, in which -an account should he kept of all sums that should he voluntarily paid into the treasury, which sums he tvas thereby authorized to receive, and th'at it should be lawful for the commi limners of his Majesty's treasury to issue such sums in manner in the said act mentioned; and it was by the said act further enacted; that all persons who should before the first day of July, then next, subscribe a sum not less than one hundred pounds, and should produce a receipt for the fame, should he discharged from the duties payable on fire-hearths, carriages,

or male servants. And whereas by one other act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable the commissioners of the treasury in Ireland to receive from the commissioners of the treasury in England a sum ' not exceeding the sum therein mentioned, as a loan in pent of iht supply granted to kis Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for jccuring the inlerefs and charges thereon, and for raising by loan a fnrthtr sum towards the said supply, and to exempt from certain duties such persons as fall have paid such voluntary contribution at therein mentioned, it is enacted, that every person who paid into his Majesty's treasury, prior to the twenty-fifth day of ' March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, fneli sum as he or flic had agreed to pay within the year ended the said twenty-fifth day of March, as a voluntary contribution, and should have paid a further sum of one hundred pounds and upwards, and every person not having theretofore agreed to pay any sum as a. voluntary contribution, who should have paid on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, into the said treasury, as a voluntary contribution, a sum of one hundred pounds and npwards, should be exempted from the duties on male servants, fire-hearths, and carriages, until the tuer-ty fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; but the said last mentioned act did not authorise

The Fortieth Year of George III. 737

thonze the teller of his Majesty's exchequer to Yeceive such A.D. sums, or empower the commissioners of his Majesty's trCn- '*J0^ fury to issue or apply the fame. And whereas several sums of money have since they said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ar\d ninety-nine, been entrusted to the custody of officers of the treasury, by persons de- Said tall aa firous of continuing their voluntary contributions so soon as riWiiLvc-' an act should be passed for that purpose, similar to the said "t«m°VrPTO-first recited aid, and such sums have been dated by the said lu.ntaiy officers in the accounts of money received at the treasury, as if the fame were applicable to the public service; but such ad not having passed, the said sums of money ought to be restored to the persons who have so paid in their money, and such re-payments should be stated in the public accounts in discharge of the sums,so stated to have been received from the said persons respectively; be it enacted, that the persons with whom any sum or sums of money, not being due or payable as a contribution under the authority of the said first mentioned act, have since the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, been lodged by any person or persons desirous cMirSou, or intending to pay or continue his or her voluntary contribution or contributions for the defence of this kingdom, do "799>M bc

paid lo per*

immediately after the passing of this act pay or hand over fu»e ulm to the person or persons who so lodged or paid the fame the Iot3^cli sum or sums of money by him, her, or them respectively lodged, and that the officer or officers of his Majesty's trea-fnry do on the re-paymeryt of such sum and sums, take credit for the fame in his or their accounts, in discharge of the sum and sums by him or them credited in the accounts of money received at the treasury as received by him or them fur such voluntary contribution or contributions, and that inch sum and sums be allowed such officer or officers in his or their account or accounts; provided always, that it (halt lie lawful for the persons so re-paying such sums as afore- Amoil, .,f said, to deduct out of any sum so to be repaid, so much money as may amount to any allowance which may have deJuSciiout been made to any person hereby entitled to such re-payment P,jmenti-for or in discharge of any duties payable by such person on. fire-hearths, carriages, or male servants, in consideration of

Vol. XX.9A such

738 Tfie fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such person having made such payment for the purpose of voluntary contribution.

CHAP. LXI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Metjefy, Entitled, An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making wide and convenient Ways, Streets and PaJJ'ages in the City of Dublin, and for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more efiefiually to execute the Trusts rep fed in them.

Friday the First D(ty of JtfgtJI, One thwfand eight hundred, Rcjnl djenlgha

JOHNCA.ER, D. CLEf. PARt.

WHEREAS by an act, entitled. An act to grant cer-Jain Duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to k applied 10 the purpose of making wide and convenient ways, freels lie wide street and p.ffages in the city of Dublin, and for enabling the com-aft 30 O' 3* mijfiontrs therein mentioned more effectually to execute the trusts reposed in them, it is recited. That it was publicly known on theifirst day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, that a bridge across the river Liffey, since built, and called Carlisle Bridge, was then intended to be erected, and that a' new direct or streets would be opened from thence to College-green and Townsend-street, and that the said commissioners for such purpose Would be obliged to purchase, and would accordingly purchase the several fubfilling interests in such parts of said premises as Ih.ould be necessary to carry said intentions into effect; and it is therein further recited, that whereas all purchases made of any part of laid premises, or of any interest therein, since the full day of May aforesaid had been made, and olio all monies expended on any part of said premises, had been expended by all persons making said purchases, or expending said monies, with full notice of the several matters aforesaid, and by the said act it is enacted and 'provided, that in all valuations thereafter to be made, any jury or juries impannelled and returned pursuant to the provisions in certain former acts of parliament passed in the

thirty-

The Fortieth Year of George III. 739

thirty-first and thirty-third years of the reign of his late Majesty A.D. King George the second, or any other acts of any derivative lease t8oo. or interest of arty part or parcel of said lands, houses or tehe-ments purchased or obtained since the said first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the jury or juries so to be impannelled, shall in the first place enquire into, and ascertain the amount of such sum or sums of money, bona fide, given and paid for the purchase of such lease or interest; and also the amount of such sum or sums of money, (if any) as had been bona fide laid out , and expended in valuable and lading improvements on the ground contained therein; and that such jury or juries should not in any such case present as the value of any such derivative lease or interest, a greater sum than the amount of such purchase money, and of the money, (if any) expended ia manner aforesaid, together with the difference of legal interest thereon, and the rents and profits which they were entitled to receive, or which they might reasonably have made thereof, from the fevpral times such monies were paid or expended respectively, and it is in the said act further provided neverthelfts, that the interests of the several tenants holding any of the aforesaid grounds, houses or tenements, by virtue of lepfes under the bishop of Ra-phoc, and containing toties quoties covenants of renewal, should be submitted within twelve months from and after the passing of the said act, to the valuation of a jury who should and might value the fame, as if the said act had pot been made, nor any purchase nor agreement entered into by and between the said com-raissioners of wide streets and the college or tfte said bishop of Ra-phoe; and that the said cotnmiftioners should purchase the said several interests at the rates to be ascertained by such jury, or as should otherwise be agreed upon: And whereas doubts have arisen r>m,btian<i on the construction of said clause, and provisoes and difficulties occtTrred have occurred in carrying the said act into execution, for the re- >« carrying moving ftigh doubts and difficulties, be it enacted by the King’s cKcuiioo: most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that all valua- Regulation nans hereafter to be made by any jury or juries in pursuance of "j,", the said receited act, or any other act, shall be subject to the ope- ty iuncs ration ami restrictions in the said recited clause, and as if the said recited provil'oes had not palfed or been made; provided always tint in every valuation of any interest in the ground, held either immediately or derivatively under the said bishop of Raplioe, as mentioned in the said act, the jury shall not be restraiued by the9A 2 ' interest

7 40 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1nterest of the said bishop being vested in the said commissioners 18co. from taking into consideration such eventual value as such jury or juries may think fit, from the possibility or probability of a renewal had the said interest not been transferred by the said bishop to the said commissioners, and that if any three of the said commissioners shall in any case of valuation of the interest of any tenant holding ainy of the aforesaid grounds or houses with toties quoties clauses under the said bishop of Raphoe, think it reasonable that the jury should consider any further, or other matters for valuation than what are to be submitted to them under the said - restrictions in the said receited act, and in this act, it shall be lawful for them to allow the same to be submitted to the jury, and to direct the jury to take the fame into their consideration, and to find a verdict accordingly.

II. And whereas the period of twelve months, specified in said recited provisoe, is too short a time for carrying into effefl The term the intentions thereof; be it also enacted by the authority afore-TimitalT^ ^t the term of twelve months by said provisoe limited, be citedprovifoe, extended to the space of three years, from and after the passing tended to \ of this act, and that the said grounds, houses or tenements, may aigthis'aaf he submitted to a jury or juries within the space of three years from and after the passing of this act, under and subject to the restrictions, as in the provisoe in this act made.

One com- HI- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an(^ may lawful to an(l l°r the said commissioners, or all matters to any one of them, to fit and aft in all matters to be tried by a jmy?e b) 5 jury before them, with as full powers and authorities, as by the said act the said commissioners, or any two of them, might have fat and acted.

IV. And whereas by said act it is enacted, after reciting that part of the ground therein mentioned belonging to the provolt, fellows, and scholars of Trinity college, may be thereafter required for certain public purposes, that when the commissioners therein mentioned, should have ptirchafed certain grounds and tenements therein recited, and that the same shall become vested in them, they should not alienate, dispose of, set or fell such part of the said ground as lies between Poolbeg-street and Towns-cnd-llrcet, and are bounded on the weft by Hawkins’t-llrect, fur the full term of seven years, from the passing of the said act, save and except for such public purposes; be it further enacted, that the said commissioners shall proceed with all convenient speed to value the interest of all the several persons deriving immediately or otherwise, under the said bishop of Raphoe, in tire

abort

Commit-fioncra may pro. ccd to value inlcicft ofpeifons dc« riving under hilltop of

The Fortieth Year of George III. l-\l

jfore described part of the said grounds, and shall in such valuation A, 1>-proceed in like manner, and shall have and exercise, and are hereby vetted in respect to the fame, and to the purchase there-of, with all and every the powers vetted in them by law for Raping. i« opening any new street, or widening any old street in the said icribed. city of Dublin.

V. And be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful Gl.0UllJ

for the said commissioners to set unto the Dublin ibcicty, and "'ay J* *!* l'*

J Dublin lo>

they are hereby authorized to set unto the said society, all the cicty; ami

part of the said ground so described, when the same shall be "jj,

vested in them, or such part thereof as the said society shall said locicty do r 1 not desire.

desire to take at such rent m perpetuity, as shall be agreed-upon between them and the said society; and that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to set, fell, alienate or dispose of such pan of the said ground as the said society shall under their seal certify to them, that they do not desire to take by lease, any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas a part of the ground which lies on the north lide of Fofter-place, in the city of Dublin, is now vetted in the said commissioners, and remains unl’ct or unfold by them,

having been retained by them for public purposes; be it further oners nuy dif-enacted, that the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized to sell or dispose of all such ground lb situate, and apply the purchase money arising therefrom, to the use of the money to the said society, by paying the lame to the said society, to be by cicty.' J them expended towards erecting the buildings proposed by their petition to the house of commons this l’ession of parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a jmbli.-that this present act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken lo be

a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without lpccially pleading the same.

VIII. Whereas by an act passed in the twenty-third and is per ton' twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An J? *3 act for continuing and amending an act, passed in the twenty- 011 fawd year of his present Majesys Reign, entitled, /hi at} for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient

pefiges through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof, end for other purposes, it was enacted, That there should he rail'd, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs atrd successors, i net additional duty of one shilling per ton, for and upon every Vol. XX.9B ton

74s The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ton of coals, not being the produce of this kingdom, which should be imported or brought into the harbour of Dublin, in manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned: And whereat by one other act passed in the thirtieth year of his said Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for further amending an aB, entitled, an By ;oG. for continuing and amending an aB passed in the twenly-fecmi i; non>III,f year of his present Majestys -reign, entitled, an act for the im-empmvered to provement of the city of Dublin, by making -wide and convenient loo.ooool. on passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof, debentures: . ang far other purposes, it was enactetl, That the commissionerj therein named, or any nine or ’more of them, should be, and they were thereby empowered to raise upon loan by debenture, in addition to former sums of money as therein mentioned by the said commissioners borrowed, such film cr sums of money as they should deem proper, not exceeding the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, at such interest, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as the said commissioners should agree upon, and the said duty- in the said first recited act mentioned,-was by the said last mentioned act, made fuhjcd to the . payment of such interest, until the principal money of the above mentioned sum c-f one hundred thousand pounds should be tlif-dtbeuture* charged: And whereas the said commissioners did in pursuance

for 77.400l. . of the powers in them veiled by the said last mentioned act, iflhe were uiueil 1 /

by commit- debentures to the amount of seventy-seven thoul'and four Iiun-p"cent!14 dred pounds, payable with an interest at the rate of four pounds 22,6001. re- Per centum per annum, and the sum of twenty-two thousand fix hands of com hundred pounds, in debentures, being-the remainder of said sum raissioners; of one1 hundred thousand pounds, remain still in the hands of the said commissioners, to be applied in manner, and to the pnr-. poses as by one other act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his said Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to grant certain duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the purpose of making wide and convenient ways, freets and passages in the city of Dub- lin, and for enabling the commissioners therein mentioned, more effiBually to execute the trusts reposed in them, is particularly <li-1 reded: And whereas it would forward the purposes of the fe-verai before mentioned acts, if the said commissioners were empowered to issue debentures for the said last mentioned remaining sum of twenty-two thousand six hundred pounds, payable

at a rate of interest not exceeding six pounds per centum per annum, and to cancel the debentures so now remaining in their

Commit ' hands; be it therefore enacted, That the said commissioners, or iSsz.fool. any nine or more of them, be, and they are hereby empowered

from

The Fortieth Year of George III. 743

from time to time, to raise and borrow upon loan by debentures, A.D. such fmn or sums of money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the said Ann of twenty-two thousand Ax hundred pounds, at such interest, not exceeding Ax pounds per centum, ondebenturej,

i ir ii at 6 per cent.

as they wall agree upon. v

IX. Provided, and be it enacted, That the said commissioners Commis-Ikll well and truly pay, or cause to he paid to the person or ‘°ml persons lending such sum or Anns, his, her, or their executors, aiiministrators or assigns, the interest agreed upon as aforesaid, according to the tenor of such debentures, and that the said additional duty of one Ihiliing upon every ton of coals, as in the said act mentioned, shall be subject to the payment of such interest.

CHAP. LXII.

In cB for amending and making perpetual the federal laws fir regulating the watch in the difriil of the metropolis, ini for granting a further duty upon pawnbrokers.

Friily tlirfifl ilayof Augifl, one thonfmi tight hanirid, Royal Jfmt givttt.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLKR. PARL.

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the thirty-ninth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act Rtci(tJ li aiwtd an act passed in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his of tail fcffiou prtfrnt Majesty, entitled, An act for more effectually preferring the {ace within the city of Dublin, and the diJlriFl of the metropolis, "»jfc p«pe-snd tjlaUiJbing a parochial watch in said city, and also to amend ik ether all pa fed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Ikjtjly, entitled. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the Jsrtj-ffib year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An oil for more cJfeFIually preferring the peace within the city of Dub-

lin, ami the distriel of the metropolis, andes.ablishing a parochial ztuhin the said city, and for remedying the abuses committed by Jncnbnieri within the distriFt of the metropolis or three miles Acwf, is now near expiring, and it js fit that the fame be continued and made perpetual; be it enacted, by the King’s most uc;!cnt Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ifiils Ijiiritual and temporal, and commons in this present par- Saidafl shall bnent assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said hn aXrdn Kited aft, and all and every daufc contained therein, save as oth'r',r<:

herein

provided.

Allowance for coliedltng assessments is inadequate

lid. in the pound (halt l)c allowed after 24 June, iSco.

The Fortieth Year of George III. herein otherwise provided and enacted, be, and the same are n;r;-by made perpetual.

II. And whereas the said recited act directs that the fupcr’m-tendant magistrats shall appoint collectors to colied and levy the rates and alTefsments to be Tailed for the support of the watch, and that he' should from time to time be accountable for all such sums as the collectors appointed by him should collect, first d:-' duding thereout nine pence in the pound for all such sums col- leded: and whereas fuc’n allowance hath been found inadeejuate for the trouble and labour of collecting and accounting for the fame; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforelVul, tint 'the superintendant magi (Irate for the time being, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, tliall

and may dedud twelve pence-iii the pound for all sums collected by the collectors appointed by him.

III. And whereas it has been found inconvenient that the collectors of the house tax assessed- under former- acts have no: had power to demand and file for the fame, after the rates so

imposed had been twelve months due, whereby' many have eluded payment of the fame, and great loss has been incurred to the Collectors hinds of the watch-establishment, be it enacted, That it shall and may demand raay.[, E lawful to and for the collectors already appointed by the

and recover t J '

rates not due superintendant magistrate, or to be hereafter appointed by him years!* 2 and his successors, to demand, sue for, and recover all rates already imposed by him, or to be hereafter imposed by hint or them, purfvant' to this or any former acts;- provided that such rates Ihtl! not be due for more than the space of two years at the time of demanding the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That in all cases of complaint or in-

under 57 g. formations before the superintendant magistrate, under and by competent virtue of an act of parliament passed in the thirty-seventh year

"itncfics. of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, sin atlfoi amend-

ing and reducing inter one act the several laws relating to backe) end other carriages, the informer or prosecutor shall be admitted as a competent witness to prove offences committed again! laid ad. j

;V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tin Attendance1 divisiorial- magistrates and their clerks, appointed, or who Ihal hereafter' be appointed for the north and south divisions of tin ' district of the metropolis, shall attend daily at their offices in f’uclt manner and during such hours as the lord lieutenant or oilier chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall direct, by order Minder his or their hand and seal, and one of the clerks attending

each of the said magistrate’s offices, is hereby required to trans-

ntit

of'diviGonal magistrates and clerks.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

wit on the twenty-fifth day of March, and twenty-r.liith day of Sittemher, in every year, a copy of the proceedings had in their respective offices for the preceding six months, to the chief leere-tirv to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor cir governors of Co\raf

' cj j»u'ccw!m i

f. mi’u< d lay

iWOlil clctis lo lo

this kingdom, the regularity and tmth of said entries, and the copy to be so returned to be verified by the oath of the clerl before the superintendant magi (Irate. lieuunj t.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if said clerics shall neglect pcxlii:i.s to make f.tid return for the space of one month after the said re- «>« rltrks for

neglecting t«*

?;»t*iuve days, thst each and every of them Iliad he liable to the transimt fiu* penally of fifty pounds for the lirfi neglect; and any clerk who rK"rn’-shall be a second time guilty of such neglect, shall autl may be dilmiilcii from said employment, and is hereby rendered incapable of ever after serving in any cflice under said watch eftr.b-lishment.

VI f. And whereas it is provided by an act of parliament palfed Ey 55 C. in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,entitled,

lo give no*

An set for more effectually preferring the peace within the city offu£ot Dublin, and the 'dislriet of the metropolis, cud establishing a parochialthy re. watch in the said city, that every justice of the peace within said dif- mations, or trii'c shall, as soon as he shall receive any complaint, or take any information of any burglary, house-breaking, or robbery, or grand

larceny, within the said district, or shall commit to prison, or let to bail or mainprize, any person or persons charged with any of said felonies, shall give immediate notice thereof in writing to the superintendant magistrate, together with a copy or copies of all am! every such information or informations, examination or examinations, and confession or confessions, as may have been taken by him on the occasion thereof: And it is further enacted, That every justice of the peace within said district, shall, as often as he t°g«e notice thinks proper to admit any person or persons charged with, or charged with suspected of felony or treason, to give evidence for the crown, frrafun°were rive notice thereof to the superintendant magistrate, and that after admitted to

i . i . Rive evidence*

inch notice such person shall not he admitted to give evidence &c. without the consent of the superintendant magistrate, signified under his hand and seal, and by said act a penalty of twenty pounds . is imposed upon all and every justice or justices offending in either of said particulars -; be it enacted, That from the passing of this act the justices within said district shall not be liable to any penalty thereby dialled for not giving the notice or notices, or for not returning the examination or examinations, information or informations, confession or confessions thereby required; provided such justice shall give such notices as are thereby required, and return Vol.XX.9G filth

746 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800. Chap. 62.

Justices

shall not be ' liable to penalties in such cases, if they give notice

' to lord lieut. or . fee. nor

shall such

' personR be prevented from giving -evidence.

’Actions for matters < done under authority of this or any other watch or carriage

1 such- examination or examinations, information or informations, confcfiion or confessions, to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or hi; or their chief secretary, nor shall any person or persons ;'> suspected of felony or treason. be prevented from giving evidence for want of such consent, under the hand and seal of the iuperin-tendant- magistrate, provided the consent of the lord lieutenant or other thief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or-of hi.; or their chief secretary, shall be previously obtained for.that purpose.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any action or fuir shall be commenced, or any replevin shall be brought against: any person for taking any distress, making of any sale, or doing any ether thing by authority of this act, or of any other act of parliament relating to the said watch establishment, or by audurity of any of the acts relating to hackney and other carriages, tplying within the district of the metropolis, the defendant t.r defendants, avowant or avowants, or others making conuzanee tin such action, suit, or replevin, may cither plead the general if-ri'ue, nr otherwise make avowry, conuzanee, or instili.atu.il generally, that the said distress, sale, trespals, or other thing, v; hereof the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall complain, was taken, made, or done by authority of this act, or such other act of parliament, as aforesaid, and shall and may give this, or such other act of parliament and the specinl matter in evidence at any trial there-.upon, and that the liiid distress, or other matter or thing for which such action, suit, or replevin shall he so brought, was taken, or done in pursuance and authority of this act, or such other act of parliament aforesaid; and in case that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, suit, or replevin, shall discontinue his, her, or tiicir liiid suit or replevin, nr be non-suited, or the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants, or person or persons so making conuzanee, orjuftifying, shall obtain judgment against: the plaintiff or plair.-.tiffs, on verdict, demurrer, or by default, that Inch defendant, avowant, or person making conuzanee, orjuftifying, shall recover treble costs of suit, and shall have such remedy lor recovery of :the same as any defendant may have by law I'or coils in any other cause, and if the plaintiff shall have proceeded by way of replevin, shall also have judgment for recovery of the distreif taken.

IX. And whereas James Hentliorn, a member of the royal college of surgeons in Ireland, who was formerly appointed fur-.geon to the police of the city, has, since the creation of the watch establishment, attended and supplied with medicine the peace officers

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fleers and watchmen, without having received any compenl.i-tion; And whereas it is necessary to the health and efficiency of the watch establishment to have a surgeon to attend the perifins composing fame; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the fupeiintend.)nt magistrate to make inch allowance and compensation to the said Janies Henthorn, or to any other

-747

A.D. 1800.

ilko. Chap. 62.

Ai-oumcj to b-- made to furgcoti Hcith'torn, or any otherap-

person to be hereafter appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other by 1 111 lo:.i li.-uc t»

attend the watch cltab* lilhrucnt.

chief governor or governors, for the time being, from time to time, as he shall deem -expedient, provided tb.at such allowance and compensation tliall be. previously approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors for the time being, or his or their chief l'ecretary.

X. And be it enacted, That this act be deemed and considered as a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice ol as such without the lame being specially pleaded.

XI. And whereas by the superintendance and direction of the watch establishment being attached to the superintendant magistrate’s office, much trouble and labour hath devolved on the secretary appointed for that office, and no provision hath been made to recompence him for such encrease of duty; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the fu-perintendant magistrate for the time being, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to appoint and grant such encrease of Hilary and allowances to tile l'ecretary appointed to the superin-temlant magistrate’s office, lor the time being, as he shall think pmper; provided such encreal’e offalary shall not exceed in any year the sum of eighty pounds by the year, payable out of the fund applicable to the support of said watch dlablilhmoit.

XII. Whereas it is expedient that the commissioners appointed by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, sin uH for improving Mcrrhn-fqnart inlnt city of Dublin, should he obliged to account before the commissioners of inipreft accounts in like manner as all other public accountants, licit enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners appointed by virtue of the said act of the thirty-lirli year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall on or before the twenty-fifth day of December next, state the balance of their debt and credit, and of the total funds of the said commissioners, and a full and true account of the receipt and expenditure of tile said commissioners from the first day of January which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

9C 2 one,

A public

Sun. M»£. may cncunfe the fatary of his (Vcrcury, with content of lord bent.

Commit-/ioncts appointed by 31 G, > for »m-jjrr.voment of Marion-ftjtiaic shall account before commit-lionrrs of im-piclt accounts.

Powers of eoiporaiion for paving

&c. extended from Stc-plion’s,green to smith cml of the htc

John Hatch’s

house, Har. court.ft-cci, a* to lighting.

Property

oM'-hcS,

Sec. ailed in said cor^H)ration.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

one, to the paffng of this nth, and deliver the same to the commissioners of intprt-ft accounts, signed by the treasurer or chiif officer, and confirmed as just and true ftirements., by the signa-turc of t>vo or more of the said commissioners for enclosing ami improving Merrion-square, aforesaid; and the said commissioners of imprest accounts shall once in every year after examine am! state the accounts of the receipt and expenditure, and of the tick and credit of the said commissioners for encloling and improvim: Merrion-square aforesaid, in like manner as is directed'resptfting the Dublin society, by an act passed in the twenty-third am! twenty-fourth years-of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled; yhi act for the due accounting for all money granted for public rsorls, charities, and hospitals therein mentioned, and far the ordering a regular account in future of all monies entn.Jhd to the n/poralhr. for carrying on the inland navigation, the In flees rf the linen a,i-nufacture, the Dublin society, the corporation for paving the fired-of Dublin, and for other purpofs therein mentioned.

XIII. And whereas the inhabitants of such part of Harcourt-street as is situate in the liberty of Saint Sepulchre, arc much inconvenienced from the insufficient manner in which the fame is lighted,'and from the total want of public lamps during the great-eft part of the year, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the directors and commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets of Dublin, shall and may uie ami exercise, and have the like authorities and powers itl regard to lighting so much of said street (from Stephc-nVgreen to the far or south end of the late John Hatch’s house, now in the possession of Francis Synge, esquire) as is situate in the liberty of Saint Sepulclircr, as they now have in any other part of said city, county of laid city, or county of Dublin, and that the housesand other buildings, dead wall, and void spaces in such part of Harcourt-llrcet, aforesaid, shall he, and are hereby made liable to be rated and alleHed towards dtfraying the expence of repairing, maintaining, and lighting the public lamps in like manner as the other houses, Ihops^ warc-houses, and tenements, dead wall, and void spaces under the jurisdiction of said corporation, are now ratal and afieffi d, with like remedy for recovering the said rate or tax as said corporation now possefs.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the property of the public globes or lamps, p ffis, irons, or other furniture which now are credit'd in such part ot Harcourt-street aforesaid, shall be vested in the said directors and commissioners, who may remove and dispose ot'licm at their discretion, and may erect globes and lamps therein, in a such

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such manner, and at such distances as they shall think proper, A.D. ami they are hereby empowered to pnniih all persons who shall hoo.' be convicted of breaking or injuring any of the lights, pop.s, or irons, or other furniture belonging thereto, in any part of laid (Irect, as fully as they are now empowered to punish the like offences committed within any part of their jurisdiction.

XV. And be it enacted, I hat ail and every clattle contained in Clmfc in

paving nfi

an act passed in this kingdom in the twcuty-sixth year of the afiC. j.Vor icign of his present hhjesty, entitled, ./« act for the improvement if tk city of Dublin, and the environs them/, by t!:e l etter paving, jessionsis lighting, and cleansing the fime, which gives an appeal to the jut- fu-tices at the quarter sessions, he repealed, and that it shall be law- [j ltd for any person who shall be aggrieved by the adjudication of JJ, TIS ui the directors and commissioners appointed by laid aft, to appeal to any of his Majesty's courts of law in this kingdom within three months after such adjudication, which appeal the judges thereof arc required to receive, and flop all proceedings on such adjudication, the party appealing first giving twenty-one days notice in writing to the secretary of said directors and commissioners, of his or her intention so to do, and within two days after such notice entering into a recognizance before one of said judges, in double the sum adjudged, with two sufficient securities, conditioned to try such appeal in the then ensuing term, to abide the determination of the court, and to pay such linn as shall he ordered and adjudged on the hearing of laid appeal, with full coils.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the superintendant magistrate, for the time being, with inch coil-, lent and approbation as aforesaid, to appoint and grant such cn-crease offalary and allowances to the first deik appointed to the

fiid superintendant magistrate for the time being, as he shall think gnpmn. proper, provided such increase of salary do not exceed in any year the sum of forty pounds by the year, the same to be payable out of the fund applicable to tlte support of said watch establishment, rf, »,'th con. as a compensation to such first clerk for the additional trouble fa'umlni?1 and labour which hath devolved on lueh fu ll clerk, by the super-intendance and direction of the watch establishment being attached to the superintendant magistrate’s office.

XVII. And in order to render more perfect the protection to be A.M.'i.'ei.Li afforded to the inhabitants of the district of the metropolis, be it ,\Vay be 'l.iir.* (Hided, That it shall anil'may be lawful for the high constable

of the district of the metropolis, with the approbation of the (wii-tni superintendant magistrate, from time to time, to hire and retain such additional number of watchmen, not e.v.taling otic hundred

750 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and fifty, as the superintendant magistrate shall think fit, and that ifioo. it shall and may be lawful for the superintendant magistrate in like manner, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, for the time hiring, to appoint such additional number of watch constables as he shall think proper, not exceeding ten; such additional watch constables and watchmen so to be appointed, shall perform such duty, and be subject to all and every law or byelaw that the watchmen of the district are now subject to, and also to all and every such further laws, rules, and regulations, as shall hereafter be deemed necessary for the government and regulatioa of the watch constables and watchmen within the district of the metropolis, and that such additional watch constables and watchmen shall and may be reduced on the last day of any calendar month in the year the superintendant magistrate shall think proper, from time to time.

XVIII. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to- and for the superintendant magistrate now appointed, or AiMuiona! who shalLhereafter be appointed, to make such additional yearly pctt"conft£ aft°wance 10 the petty constables as he shall think proper, provided bks.; the same shall not exceed in any year the sum of ten pounds to any such petty constable.

XIX. And in order to provide a sufficient fund for the pay, cloathing, and necessaries for such additional watch constables and watchmen, and also the said additional yearly allowance to the9» i a year Pett7 constables, be it enacted, That from and immediately after be pS fcyt0 t'1C raffinS tk'ls ad, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one every pawn- -thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, there shall be answered every person an^ Pa'd unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by cad: interestedasa an(J every person or persons who shall jointly or separately carry every house carry on the business of a pawnbroker,-or who shall have any Suers'? benefit, interest, or gain thereby, as a partner or anonymous part-wtthiif ner therein, within the district of the metropolis, or five miles miles of thereof, for each and every house or other place in which such business shall be carried on, a duty of ninety pounds sterling, over and above all other duties heretofore payable by any former -act or acts, which said duty hereby granted shall be collected by the superintendant magistrate of the district of the metropolis, from time to time, in such manner, and under such provisions and regulations as are contained in said recited acts, hereby made perpetual.

XX. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, before any person or persons shall exercise or carry

Additional tvatcl»nv.*n may be reduced.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 751

catty on the trade or business of a pawn-broker, or be concerned

A.D. 1800.

therein, as herein before mentioned, whether such person shall 18°o.

have already obtained a license or -not, within the distiift afore-

fivd, he or /lie shall deliver, or cause to be delivered to the N,i;ccta

superintendant magistrate aforesaid, a note in writing under Iks

cr her hand, or under the hand of feme person by him or her duty-paid.

authorized in that behalf, of his or her place of abode, and of lafccn out

the place or places where he or she intends to carry on or exer-

cil'e, or be concerned in the trade or business of a pawn-broker,

ami thereupon an additional license or licenses shall be grauted by the said superintendant magistrate unto him or her so carrying on,

or exercising, or being concerned in, as aforesaid, the trade or bu-

fraefs of a pawn-broker, for which he or she shall thereupon pay,

or cause to be paid for such license or licenses, the duty herein

before directed to be payable for the fame, which license shall he

in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall, after the passing of this act, exercis'c or carry on, or be concern- na];y fur cared in, as herein before mentioned, the trade or business of a a

pawn-broker, without such additional license as aforesaid, each and every such person and persons shall forfeit the sum of two tiomi I*, hundred pounds sterling, for each anil every aft so done or performed by him, her, or them, one moiety thereof to be applied in aid of the funds for the support and maintenance of the watch establishment, and the other moiety thereof to such person or ersons who shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by information and conviction before any magistrate acting within his jurisdiction, and that on the hearing of every such infer-, mation, the informer or prosecutor shall be a competent witness-to prove the offence,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

1 1 Propoitio*

persons who shall have already taken out heenfe to act as of former a pawn-broker, under the provisions of the laws heretofore in m force, shall be unwilling to pay and advance the duty hereby enacted to be paid by him, her, or them, that then, and in such midi-Jonul case, the superintendant magistrate, aforesaid, shall return, or llut>' cause to be returned, a proportion of said former duty, agreeable to the time from whence he, flic, or they shall have taken out the same.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons PerCm who may hereafter be convicted as aforesaid of any offence under ^,',1,^ this act, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved thereby, ld’

jD; it

752 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1t shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appal to ^‘e next ^"c'^’ons of the peace to be holden for the city of Dublin, giving to the jtiftice or justices before whom such cornu,ion shall he had, six days notice at lead: of his, her, or their intention to prefer such appeal, and entering into a recognizance v,r;i sufficient sureties to abide such order as the court shall make, and on every such appeal the justices at such feflionS, upon proof being made by the party so appealing of his having given notice a; aforesaid, and entered into recognizance, shall and may, ami they are hereby authorized to proceed to the hearing and final determination of the matter of the said appeal, and to make such order therein, and award such costs to be paid by and to either party, as they in their discretion shall think fit.

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of, and securing the Duties payable on' Licenses to Persons engaged- in the several Trades therein mentioned, and to Hawkers and Pedlars, and ike Dulles on playing Cards, and for securing the Expends cf difrainingfor the King's Rents, and for other Purposes.

Friday the Jttjl day of Augttfi, one thousand eight hundred. Royal AJfcni gn-rn.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLEK. PARI.

[Preamble.]

’ET'OR- the better collecting of - the duties on licenses to IP persons to fell coffee by retail, or otherwise deal there- in; to persons to manufacture candles or soap for falej to persons to fell or manufacture paper hangings for sale; to persons to keep a mill or mills for making paper; to persons to brew or make for sale any: liquor called sweets or made wines; to persons to make metheglin or mead for sale j to persons to make vinegar for'sale; to persons to fell tea or groceries; to persons to fell or tap out cider by retail; to fell metheglin or mead by retail; to persons felling or making gold or silver plate for sale; to fadlore or persons, not being distillers,' feliing home-made spirits on commission, and not . being otherwise licensed to fell spirits; to persons keeping , coffee-honfes; to persons felling by auction; to persons making glass bottles and other vessels, and utensils made of

common

The Fortieth Year of George III. 733

common bottle metal; to persons keeping a tan-yard or tan- A.D. pit, or tanning leather for sale; to persons dressing hides q^00'. and skins in oil; and to persons making vellum and parchment; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, i/po, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af- '«cw MW sembled, and by the authority of the same, That the feverat cciiftrs nut collectors in this kingdom respectively, shall, upon receipt of the duty payable upon any such license, grant such license under their respective hands, for each of which licenses there caifo. ill,ill be taken by such collectors for their own use, a fee after the rate of one {billing in the pound of the duty payable on such license, and no more, over and above the duty payable thereon, where the duty shall not exceed forty shillings; and where (he duty shall exceed forty shillings, then a fee of two (liillings and eight pence halfpenny, over and above the duty.

IF. And be it enacted, That every such person aforesaid Such perdu! take out such respective licenses before he, she, or they r,c|, 1;. shall moke, manufacturee, fell, or keep for sale as aforesaid, ?"fcs

1 5 r ’ tnvy make or

or expafe to sale any of the said respective articles and things, «pose 10fjle ami if any person shall make, fell, or keep for sale any of i,(«!«.. the said respective articles or things, without having taken out such license respectively, every fuel) person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in Only on:

]ia*iifc for p;mmrr» in irtim: lurnfe.

partnership, and carrying on trade or business in one house

or (Imp only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one

license, and that no one licensc which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize any person or persons to

whom the same shall be granted, to make, manufacturee, or

fell, or keep for sale any of the articles or things herein

before mentioned in any other house or place than the house L-const. in

or place wherein lie, (lie, or they respectively did make or force only in

*. places tliircm

manufacturee, or fell or keep the said respective articles or named.

things, at the time of granting such license to be mentioned in such license.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawfijl for the collectors of his Majesty's excise in their respective difiridls, c,*i. to grant licenses for the felling and tapping out of cider by retail, upon receipt of the duty payable thereon, and that

Cider ]>.

754 Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

for every such license the sum of one shilling and one penny, C,1^ and no more, shall be paid or demanded as a fee for the fame, over and above the duty payable thereon; and if any person shall fell or tap out cider by retail, without such li-' confe, every such person-fu offending, shall for every offence ' forfeit the sum of five pounds.

Words to -V. And be it enacted, That every person required to take

be painted on 1

fronts of_out a license to manufacture, make, fell, or retail any of anted retail- ^lc articles, matters, or tilings aforesaid, shall hare, or feaurerB* CiU-^e to pa>nted on a board, with letters publicity vi-r fible and legible, at lead an inch long, in white upon a ' black ground, or black Upon a white ground, his, her, or their name or surname respectively, at full length, as a'so the names of the several articles'-which they shall be so licenced to manufacture, fell, or retail respectively, and' that ’ he, she, or they arc licented respectively to mantifadure, fell, or retail the fame, which board shall be affixed in foais ' conspicuous place, on the outside of the front of his, her,

1 or their house respectively, not more than three feet diffimt from the top of the (hop door, or street door of such house, and such person or persons respectively shall preserve and keep up the fame during the time he,- (he, or they shall respectively continue to make or fell such articles, or any of them, as aforesaid, or in default thereof shall forfeit rr.spec-tively the sum of ten pounds.’

X.iccnfe

VI. And be it enacted, That the several rates and duties tuiVJaca*Inbe payable by the several persons who are required to take out June manner ljCCnfe as aforesaid, shall be collected by the several collectors

a3 hearth.

money. and other officers of excise employed for that purpose, and such officers may at any time, with the assistance of a constable, in the day time, levy such sum or sums as ought to ‘ he paid by the several persons subject to such licenscs respectively by distress and sale of the parties’ goods, in such manner, and by such ways as the revenue arising by hearth-' money is appointed to be levied and collected in and by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the ’ reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An - additional act for the better ordering and collecting the revenue

arising by hearth-money.

Penalties

VII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge or couiitcfftiung counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, any !-8 conlf

The Fortieth Year of George III. 755

confe for the purposes aforesaid, or produce as a true liconfe A.D. sny such forged or counterfeited liconfe, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, such person ilia 11 forfeit the fora of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and j'i"'1's the other to him who shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and that such person shall be subject to such other pains and penalties as may be inflicted on persons for forgery.

VIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing lia-nlVi 10 of this act, every person brewing strong beer or ale, or small tybre," beer for sale, whether by retail or otherwise, Hull, before he

or (lie shall brew any strong beer or ale, or small beer, take out a license for so doing from the collector of the district in which he or she shall relide, for every brcvv-hotife or place in which he or file shall brew such strong beer or ale, or small beer, and pay to such collector the duty payable thereon, which license shall express the name and surname,' and the place of abode of the person taking out such license, and the place where the brewery in respect of which such license shall be taken out, is situated, and if any person brewing strong beer or ale, or small beer for sale, shall brew any strong beer or ale, or small beer, in any brew-house or other place, without having taken out such license to brew therein, or without having a license for that purpose of force, every such person Hull forfeit the fuin of fifty pounds; and all coppers, vessels, utensils, and materials for brewing, and ale or beer in the possession of such person shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in O.Jv «nr

J license for

pirtncrship carrying on the business of a brewer, shall not be b.ewcrsm obliged to take out more than one license, and that no one rjV";"'ft'Ji license which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall au- bc 1,1 for"

0 J . where men.

diarize or empower any person or persons to whom the fame tlc.nJonly, shall bc granted to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer in any other brew-house or place than such brew-house or place ss dull bc mentioned in such license, and every such license

(lull continue of force for one year, from the time of grant-'’g thereof.

0 E 2

X. An l

Penalties

for iiirii)£,

lending, &c. any brew. hou/V, or iitctilil for brewing.

Notices to ' be delivered . 10 collectors, by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

X. And be it enacted, That the several collectors in this kingdom shall, upon receipt of the duty payable upon any fu'ch license, grant such license under their respective hands, for each of which licenses there shall be taken by such collectors for their own rife, a fee of two shillings and cighr-pence halfpenny, and no more, over and above the datr payable thereon.

"XI. And be it ehaded, That if any person licensed to brew strong beer’or ale, or small beer, shall let out to hire or lend any brew-honfe, brewing-pan, or utensil for brewing, for the purpose of brewing strong beer or ale, or shall fuss.r any other person to use his or her brew-house, or-any brr.v-ing-pan, or other Utensil for brewing therein, every fcch person so letting out to’ hire, or lending or suffering :o be used any such brew-house, brewing-pan or utensil, and the person to whom the same shall be" so let out to hire or lint, or Who shall make use of such brew-house, brewing-pan, or other utensil for brewing therein, shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and every brewing-pan, or other utensil, which shall be' so let out to hire, lent or used, shall be forfeited, and may befeized; and it (trail and may be lawful for the person or persons so letting to hire, or leading, or fullering to be used such brew-house, brewing-pan, nr utensil, or for the person or persons to whom the fame shall be let out to hire, or lent, or who shall make use of tin; fame (as the case maybe) if called upon on the part of the informer, or if the person or persons so letting out to hire, or lending such brew-house, ’ brewing-pan, or ntenfil, or the person or persons to whom the same shall be so let out, or lent, shall be the Informer or informers, to give evidence on the trial of any information for the said penalty or forfeiture, and in case of conviction upon such information, the person or persons so giving- evidence, shall be discharged ot and from the penalties by him, her, or them incurred.

XII. And for the better coliefling' of- the-duties on licenses to hawkers, pedlars, pecty chapmen, and other trading persons; be it enacted, That every such person before he or she shall hawk, trade, or travel with any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in respect whereof he or (lie -shall be subject to the duties' payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, ot other trading persons, who are or shall be deemed hawkers

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or pedlars, shall deliver to the collector of excise of the dif-tridl where he or (lie shall reside or dwell, a note in writing, under his or her hand, or under the hand of feme perfjii by him or her authorized in that behalf, how, or in what manner he or she intend to hawk, travel, and trade, whether on foot, or with one horse or horses, afs or asses, nrulc or mules, or other bead or beads of but then, and thereupon, and upon the receipt of the duty or duties upon fuel) license or li-cetifes, a license or licenses shall be granted by fuel) colleger, under his hand unto hi:n or her, for his or her so hawking, travelling, and trading, and every such collector is »tiattwite hereby required to insert in fucll licenses as shall be granted n,cVlicnf«. by him, or endorse thereon, the ages, places of abode, and particular description of the persons to whom the same shall be granted, and to number each license, ami to keep particular entries of such descriptions and licenses, for each of which licenses there shall betaken by such collectors for their own use, the sum of one shilling, and no more, unless such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, shall travel with horse or other beast of burthen, and in that case there shall be paid to such collectors for their own use, for cich of such licenses for a horse or other beast of burthen, the sum of two shillings.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares, and Gtm.isfnr merchandizes which shall be carried, fold, or exposed to sale '!tceiTfc*

by any hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen, or other trading person, in respect whereof, or of any of them, lie or flic shall j^?11 be subject to any duty payable to his Majesty, and for felling ceuft/aicnut of which goods, wares, and merchandizes, tic, die, or tiicy ^loJ"cf'1, shall not have his, her, or their license for so trading ready to produce, or shall not upon demand of any justice of [lie peace, or any officer of his Majesty’s. revenue produce such lice.ifc, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any such otlicer, and that if any such hawker, ped- miicr lar, or petty chapman, or orher person be found trading as aforesaid, or felling or cxpoling to laic, or carrying to fell Iwnto. any goods, wares, or merchandizes, without or not warranted hv fuel) license or licenses, fuel) person shall for every such oflence forfeit the sum of five pounds, and if any person so trading, upon demand made by any revenue officer, or by any justice of the peace, mayor, conffnblc, or other Von. XX.9F officer

758 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

tfioo. Chap. 63

Jut to crc-imd to pc.-fons

defcri!x<».

officer of the peace of any county, city, town corporate, or borough, where he or ffie shall be, shall not produce or Hies . immediately unto fitch person or persons so demanding the fame, his or her iicer.fe or liecnfes for so trading, that thru every such person, upon conviction thereof, upon oath bc-’"'fore any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for ti;c county -or place in which such offence shall be comtuiltet!, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be levied by distref; and sale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the l.air:! ' and seal of any such justice of the peace, the same to be psi! to the informer, and for non-payment thereof such offender shall be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three weeks, nor left than ten days.

XIV. . Provided always, and be it enacted, Tint tltir act, or any thing herein contained, shall rot extend to prohibit any person or persons, other than and except travelling tinkers, who are workers or manufacturers or makers ( any goods or wares within this kingdom, or his or their wife nr wives, apprentice or apprentices, from carrying abroad, exposing to sale, and felling any such goods or wares made or manufacturecd by him or them, his or their wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, journeyman or journeymen, and no other, in any public fairs, markets, or elsewhere; or any cooper, glazier, plumber, or harness-maker, from going about in order to exercise their proper trades, or from carrying with him or them necessary materials for excreifing the fame, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry on any other thing for sale, nor to fuhjcdl any person or persons who shall cany raw, manufacturecd, or un-manufadlored wool, woollen, or w’orfted goods, from one part of the kingdom to another, io expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other-place in this kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry ot expose to sale any other goods, wares or merchandizes, except the last mentioned goods respectively, nor to prohibit or restrain any person or persons from felling or exp.ifing to sale, in any place or places what (never, any flax, tow, hemp, flixen yarn, ticken, plain, striped, chequered, painted or flamed linens, buckrams, canvas, cottons, or cotton and

linen

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

linen mixed, of the growth or manufacture of Ireland, and that such person or persons shall not, at the same time, carry or expose to f^le any other goods, wares, or merchandizes. except such flax, tow, hetnp, yarn, tickens, linens, buckrams, canvas, cottons or cotton, and linen mixed as aforesaid.

XV. Provided also, am! be it enacted, That no person who shall carry any pots or griddles made of cad iron or metal, from one part of the kingdom to another, to expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, shall he subject to the payment of any greater duty than the film of forty shillings in the whole, though

such person or persons shall or may travel with one or more

h»rfe or horses, or other bead or beasts of burthen, so as such person or ersons shall not tit the lame time carry or

expose to sale, other goods, wares or merchandizes, than

such pots and griddles.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any tiling herein contained, shall not extend, or be con-firued to extend to give any power for licensing any hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, to sell or expose to sale any wares or merchandizes, in any city, borough, town-corporate, or market-town, within this realm, otherwise than he or the might have done before the making of this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all persons who shall convey goods, wares, and merchandizes, in respect whereof they shall be chargeable with the duty upon hawkers and pedlars, and fell and expose the fame in (hops, rooms, ware-houses, or other places in cities, towns, and places where they are not usually resident; and all persons who carry and convey such goods, wares and merchandizes, to public (Irrets and places in cities, towns-corporate, and other places in this kingdom, where they respectively reside, but not adjoining to their dwelling-houses, or other apartments, and fell and expose the same to sale, upon flails, (lands, flieds, booths, bulks or other places, without license , and all persons under the denomination of Icather-fcllers or leather-cutters, who hawk about from town to town, or sell or expose in cities or towns-corporate, and in fairs, markets, or other places, any parcel or parcels of leather in booths,

g F 2 flails,

759

A.D. 1800.

i See. Chap. (>3.

I I l* It.T. t-f pots or griddles shalt pay no muic than 40s.

Not to authorize hawkers to fell goods, otherwise than they might before this act.

Who shall be deemed hiwkerr, pedlars, See.

-A separate iiccnfciurcvc* -ry hawker on foot; and the like fnrcveiy . horse, &tv

Weight authorized by ilicctise.

'¥he Fortieth Year of George III.

‘flails, 'standings or otherwise; and all persons wlm !hj|| within this kingdom, except in the city of Dublin, or within five miles thereof, hawk about old cloaths, or sell or expose to sale old cloaths in any flail, (lied, booth, (hop, or either place, shall be deemed hawkers,-pedlars, petty chapmen, and trading persons, and be subject to 'the duty payable by liawkers and pedlars, and shall pay such duty, and i~;:c out such license as aforesaid; and every such persons as afrty. Taid, who shall sell or expose to sale, or deal in as afore f:i,i 'such goods, wares and merchandizes, as a fore said, fii;,il u deemed and taken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty ( raan, within the n.eaning of this act, to all intents rpurposes, and shall be subject and liable to all; rd avr;' the penalties and forfeitures by the fame inflieval "hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen and others, tndirj without license, any thing herein contained to the couth.-v notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman, for every person who (liTi be em;.! y,:;. whether servant or other perf-e. hi-his or her ie: nr

Otherwise, to carry any hoxe or pi reels of good;,

ware or merchandizes, fepator didin:!, for the ptr-poses of felling or trading wish the fame, shall lake out and pay for as aforesaid. a separate and cliflind foot lirenfe for every such person; and also that every hawker, pedlar, ami petty chapman, for every horse, afs, mule, or other bcail of burden, that he or (lie shall make use of or drive in his or her company, or otherwise shall take out and pay fur a separate and difiind horse license, and such separate and distinct person, whether servant or other person employed or carrying finch boxes, bundles or parcels as aforesaid; and such hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who shall not take out a horse license for every horse or bead of burden, which he or (lie shall make use of, or drive as aforesaid, filiall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this act inflicted upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and others trading without license, it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that for one foot license, no more goods, wares or merchandizes shall, by virtue of this act, be hawked about for sale as aforesaid, than, -one hundred we-ight; and for one horse license, no more

The Borthih Tearcf Gtovgz- 111 pads, 'Wares or merchandizes, -shall by virtue

7'6rA.D.

I See. Chap. (13.

of ’ th’-is

s3, be carried about as . aforesaid, 'than eight hundred (eight, any -thing-herein contained to the-contrary hot-vi'h (landing.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any such liccnTc as r.enjttig aforesaid shall be lent to -any person, or uferi by any.-person

oilier, than-the person> to-whom the fame ffacll -be granted, ",5s

' . - - Others

fjch license from thenceforth-(ball be void, and of no ettedt, nr,d all. goods, - wares, and merchandizes found in the pofftiion -of the person using the fame, shall be forfeited.

XX. -j\.nd for the better seeming the several duties ira-p0fed upon playing cards, be it cunfkd, that r.o playing

curds frail be fold or exposed to -file, or,played with, which pjiyj Shall not have been sealed, marked, and stamped as herein after'111^ t»i>t

t . stair.pcd.

directed,-upon, pain that every, person -who shall fell or-pole to -file, or- knowingly-play.with any such cards which shall not have been feased, marked; or stamped, shall-forfeit for every such pack of cards so fold, or exposed to sale, or played with, the sum offive pounds- (leriing.

XXI. - And be -it -enacted, That 'it shall be -lawful for Comimf-liie chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue for the ‘-timet*tUmpfo, being, or any three or more- of -them,-and they are hereby cy<K>';<t

t . give notice in

luthorized ana empowered ttvccviks aria by notice m writ--Onbimga-ing under their hands, to be. published in'!he.Dublin gazette ztUt' for three successive days of publication, to appoint marks, damps,- orfeals, such as tbcy-.snail -think-ft' to be. put or impressi-d on the label or paper-'to be fattened to the wrapper How cm!: in which each pack of cards shall be enclosed or wrapped, J^'iijaar?;' rnd that the --Paid - label or-paper-be so-contrived, ms that when the fame shall be so fattened on the said "wrapper the feverah damps,-' marks, or seals, shall appear on the fides of each pack of cards, in such manner as the said commissioners shall direct, ami that the fevaral (lamp-matters respectively shall number-'each label in -arithmetical progression, under each mark, (lamp, or seal, to be put thereon-in -manner aforesaitl, -so- that .- the numbers appearing on the fidcs of every paek of cards when enclosed in the said label, ilnil belike or- eorresponding numbers; provided always, that cu-.d, of ed; ill cards-belonging to each manufacturer shall be numbered in progression, with the following or successive numbers, the beret m aritii-cards of each manufacturer beginning with number one, and *no:i-PlJ

0 0

that

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

that every stamp-master shall, after every twenty-fifth day

1800.. of March, twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, begin to number the cards to be stamped i by him for each manufa£iuier with number one.

XXII. And be it further enacted,' That if any person or Perfom persons shall at any time or times make, counterfeit, or forge, Muntlrifit*or or cause or procure to be made, counterfeited, or forged, any aitermaiksor mark, stamp, or foal,1 which in pursuance of this act shall cards',"orufe be made and used for stamping any label or paper enclosing |fyCM°fcTR' any cards, or shall counterfeit or referable the impression of transported. the fame upon any paper for enclosing cards, or shall erase

or alter any number' to be put on such paper or label as aforesaid, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-

cessors, of the duties upon cards, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any cards with the impression of such counterfeit mark,

/lamp or Teal, on the paper or-label enrlofing such cards, knowing the fameto be counterfeited, or shall utter, vend,

or fell any cards on the1 paper of label cnciofing which any

- number /hall- be erafedj or altered; 'knowing the same to be. erased or altered, or shall fraudulently use any /lamp or

seal-to be used in pursuance of this act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the duties upon

- cards, then every such person so offending, and being there- of convicted, shall be adjudged, a felon, and be transported for seven years.

Lictnfes

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue; or any three of them, to grant licenses to such person or persons as 1 they shall think proper, for the making of playing, blank, and meifage cards, Tor any term not exceeding three years, Penalties for from the time of granting such licenscs; and if any person or persons shall exercise or carry on the trade or employ-cenfes. . ment of making any playing, blank, or message cards, with-> out such license or licenses first had and obtained, the person or persons so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all such cards, and all such materials and implements used in the making of cards, as shall be found in his, her, or their possession, all which cards, materials, and implements, shall nnd may be seized, carried away, and lodged in the-next exci/c-office, by such officer-or-officers as shall discover the same.

The Fortieth Year of - George 'III. 763

XXIV. And be it enacted, That no person shall Lie so A.D. licensed, unless he, file, or they shall with one or more sufficient surety or sureties, have executed, a bond to his Majesty, in the penal sum of two hundred pounds, condition-

* *te) ctittrr into

cd, that the person or persons To licenced, their executors or administrators, shall an fiver and pay to his Majesty, all such duties as such person or persons shall he liable1 to on account of making any playing, blank, or message cards, during the time such person or persons shall carry on the business of a card-maker under'such license.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it i^-tu; shall be lawful for the chief commissioners, or any three of nfji'mi them, upon default made in the payment of any such duty or duties as such person or persons so licensedas aforesaid, shall or may be liable' to, or upon conviction before the commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, for any fraud or offence, the penalty or forfeiture for which shall amount to ten pounds, by notice or - instrument in writing, fubr leribed by them,-or any three of them, to revoke, withdraw, and utterly make void any such license to fuel) person or persons so making default, or convicted as aforesaid; and if such person or persons after such revocation, shall continue to exercise the trade, or-.carry on the business of card-making, he, she, or they shall be subject to such penalties and forfeitures, as-if such license or'iicenfes had never' been granted.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every card-maker who Cnd-oukcn ilia!) make any cards, his foreman, head-servant, or person J° dEcm!*’1' employed to attend said business, from time to time, and as often as such card-maker, or other person employed as aforesaid, shall be required by the officer or officers appointed to view and take an account of the fame, shall drew" to such officer or officers all the flock then on hand of cards, and all materials for making the same belonging to such card-maker or card-makers, under the penalty of ten pounds, in case of refusal, to be forfeited by such card-maker, and card-makers, and of five pounds to be forfeited by the foreman, profits on head servant, or other person employed so refusing -as afore- rtl.cir iffiid, and that in default of the payment of the said sum of five pounds, such'foreman, head-servant, or other person so employed, shall suffer one 'month’s imprisonrnent, and that 0 G 2 in

7<H AD. iSco. CIup. 63.

‘Appointment and duty of cird* «di.ty-officera.

finally on officer for ailoiving entries, or llamping cards, Jicforc charges lor deficiencies ire aufwcred.

Cards for '.pollution.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

in case such officer or officers shall afterwards.find any cards or materials for making -cards,'of the flock' then on hands over - and ~ab6*e the1 quantity so ffiewn es aforesaid, such cards-and materials' shall bg forfeited, and it shall and may be lawful for' such officer or officers to seize-and.carry away the fame, and such cdrd-niaker or card-makers shall relpc,\ tieely-forfeit a"- funr at the.raterbf- twenty pounds for ever/ twelve dozen (fleets of paper materials for earl-making; which shall be found over and above the quantity that shall have been shewn as aforesaid.

XXVII. .'"And be it enacted,: Tliaf if shall be lawful for the said commifucmers; or any three of them,' to appoint such officer or -officers :.'of excise ns: they shall think proper, to keep -an account of'all earns, and materials for makfog cards, which ' (balk from time to time be found by him or them; in the p.Sffession of any card-makeror card-makers, and upon any decrCafe- or deficiency of such flock of cards and materials- not properly accounted for, to charge fuel; card-maker or card-makers- with all duties payable for such cards not accounted for, and also 'iviih the amount of the duties on so - many, cards as- might be made from, or with such -materials not accounted' for.as aforesaid, the said du. ties to -be paid by such' card-maker or card-makers, upe-n oath- made by- such officer- or 'officers as ’aforesaid, before the collectors of - the ports of; "Dublin,'Cork,1 and Limerick re. speflively, -afeerta’ining the quantity so deficient and brought to charge (which oath the said collectors are hereby rc-i'pcflively empowered to admiriificr).

XXVIII. And bcit cuddled, "That if any such collector of-stamp-master of cards,-after-proof made of such deficiency shall -allow any entry to be made by, or shall (lamp any cards 'of, or- Belonging -to' such card-maker or card-makers,'before-he,- file, or they,.'shall have answered or paid ail charges-made'on account of fuel) decrease or deficiency, that - in every such: case, such collector. or ihmp-lnafter shall-respectively' forfeit the Aim of twenty pounds, to be- sued for,- recovered, and applied in.such manner as herein afteris mentioned.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That as often as any card-maker-or card-makers shall make up cards'intended for cx--porUtion, he, (lie, or they shall, within one hour after the

'hire

The Fortieth Year of George III. 7^5

{me are made up, give notice thereof to the stamp-master A.D. of the place where such cards shall be made up, and shall p.1^00' in the presence of the said stamp-master, depo/Tte such cards in some of his Majesty's store-houses, at the place where such cards shall be made up, the said cards there to remain until a certificate from the collector of the port shall be produced lo the said stamp-master, which certificate shall express or import, that all legal requrfites relative to such cards, have been performed,

XXX. And be it enacted, That if such card-maker or ri!n.a,:y

1 - removing

card-makers shall at any time remove such cards so depo- pi* from Sited as aforesaid, or shall suffer the same to be removed, u^u without permission of the store-keeper or surveyor of his Ma- lmUtc"' jesty’s stores first had and obtained, lie, flic, or they, shall forfeit a sum of fifty pounds.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any' pack or packs of playing cards shall be found in the hotife, /hop, room, or f.u kf. place of any . Card-maker, Shop-keeper, or retailer of ca,ds. without being marked, sealed or stamped, as by law required, the same shall be adjudged forfeited, and may be seized and carried away by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and the card-maker, /hop-keeper, or retailer of cards, in whole possession such pack or packs of cards shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every stamped parcel E'prypjr-

_, cil ofphviu

of painted, lpotteu, or playing cards, enclosed in paper ran!,.bund covers, which shall be exposed to sale by, or found in the (hop of any ftiop-keeper, or retailer of cards, shall to all

l:o :t ivijolcr

intents and purposes be conftrtied and taken to lie a whole j-ml:,-oi. pack of playing cards, within the true-intent and meaning1'1'11'1' of this act, and such ftiop-keeper and retailer of cards shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where a All rank

t . Hill 'Urdu'S

forfeiture of painted, spotted, or playing cards, or of uten-inMoto/V. fils or materials for making cards shall be incurred by virtue tTfee.Uid of any act now of force, or which shall he hereafter enacted, ca,"*c<1 Id-

1 . racifiuiliw,

it shall be lawful for the officer or officers of his Majesty's &c. revenue, who shall detest the fraud or offence for which such cards, utensils, or materials shall become forfeited, to seize and attach, and carry away all such cards, utensils, and materials for making cards, and the same to lodge in the excise Vol. XX.9I-I office,

jGv The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. office, nearest to the place of seizure, there to be detained and-kept, until disposed of by due course of law.

2?P-i3'

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall tyfifftclKag or --expose to sale any. playing cards, which have be-

feconiinnd fore-been fold, opened, or played with, -every person so offending shall, for- every .-such ofrence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

AIIcaiA -XXXV. And be it enacted, That all cards exceeding in

Exceeding

two packs, quantity two packs, which shall hereafter be found in any

house,- out-house, rwarc-house, or elsewhere, in the posses-

ftaii be deem- (jon of any shop-keeper or retailer of cards, shall be deemed -id as tspolra /

-rotate. and considered as cards exposed- to sale, within the true intent and meaning of this act, whereby card-makers, shop-keepers, and retailers of cards, are subject to forfeitures and penalties for felling or exposing to sale, painted, spotted, and playing cards not {lamped, marked, or made up, in-manner and form as required.

flaying

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all painted, spotted, whhlmvkers or,playing cards, which shall be found in the pofll-ffion of any ricdbCfor" lwvvltcr> pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person, travelling from place to place, (liaJI be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful, to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, to feiee and lodge such cards in the next excise office.

Sale of

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That as often asthccoiu-afanioi?ceJs niissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of them, <-rintention think fit to alter, change, or renew the marks or to alter the

jiamps,pub- stamps for cards, and the.paper-enclosing' the fame,- or any tommiffimi- of them, it shall and may be lawful for all persons who shall oa'tt?Ul,lin "at fu°h r£spedlive times have in their custody or pnffelfian, any cards and papers enclosing. packs of cards, marked with the (lamp or (lamps so intended to be altered,- charged, r.r renewed, at-any -time within the space of two months after such intention of renewing, changing, or altering such (lamps or marks, shall have been so published -in the Dublin Gazette, for three successive days of, publication, to sell or expose to -sale.such cards, marked with the {lamp or damps so intended to be altered, changed, and renewed,-and no longer.

Hew lumps

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any cards marked with the old damps shall remain upon

hands

7he Fortieth Year of George III. 767

hands and unfold, it shall be lawful for any card-maker or D-shop-keeper, or retailer of cards, at any time within the said two months, to bring or fend such cards, and papers en- . define; packs ‘of cards with the old stamp, to the respective 1'3n"^1^raer mailers, or to ~ such officer or officers as shall be appointed in fucU notice, that behalf, by the said commissioners, or any three or more -of them, at their respective offices in the cities of Dublin,

Cork,'and Limerick, and the said stamp-masters and officers respectively, are hereby required to mark with the netv {lamps such cards so brought in, and so many papers enclosing packs of cards as shall be equal in number to the papers so brought in, such new {lamps to be impressed and given in lieu of the old, free and exempt from the payment of any duty or fee whatsoever, for the fame; provided also, CtmNwith that if after the said two months, any cards with such old-after*so!}'*’ Damps shall be found in the posseflion of any-card-maker, be'forfciLed. shop-keeper, or retailer of cards, the same shall be forfeit- &c-til: and it shall be Ifvvful to and for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, to seize and carry away the fame; ard ii, person or persons in whose possession the fame Hull k ioiitid, shall be liable and subject to all such penalties anel torlcitures, as he, she, or they shall be liable to, if the said cards or papers containing packs of cards, never had km stamped.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no cards shall be w.iftr deemed waflc cards, unless a corner of every such cards shall he cut off, and unless the fame bo fold in parcels without king inclosed in any paper-cover whatsoever; and if any csrd-maker, shop-keeper, or retailer of cards, shall fell or cvpose to sale as waflc cards, any cards enclosed in paper cavers, or1 not cut in manner aforesaid, lie, (lie, or they so ({tending, shall be liable to the penalties, and incur all the forfeitures inflicted for felling or exposing to falc painted, spotted, or playing cards without {lamps.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Str.m;*-cmanfTmners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, and they'are hereby authorized from time to i- ’«

# ' C-irda JLU

imc, to appoint a fit and proper person in the port of Li- lc.-.ai ioi. icritk, who shall have the custody of the mark, stamp ora)tJ"

!eal, marks, stamps or seals, which have been, or shall be appointed to be put oil cards, or papers cndofing cards rc -9H 2 spedlively,

768 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ifioo. Chap. 63,

spedlively, and shall from time to time put such mark or (lamp, as by law required, upon all dice, or such mark or feai as by taw required, upon the paper and thread enclosing every pack of cards, and on the painted or spotted fide of one of the cards of each pack, which shall be duly entered, and for which the duties imposed by taw 'shall be duly paid to the collector of the said port, and the perforr who shall be appointed to mark, (lamp, and seal cards and dice respectively, pursuant to this act, (halt have and receive duringfcij continuance in the said office, the yearly sum of ten pound-, which said yearly sum shall be paid him quarterly, by the collector of the said port of Limerick, out of the duties charged on cards and dice.

XLI. And be it enacted, That every card-maker shall, at the respective times, and before the respective persons therein mentioned, make oath, or if a quaker solemnly af--firm, in the words following, to wits

0- lobe I. A.B. Jo /wear, (or if a qvdker do affirm) that the mm-oit-maLia. her of packs of cards now entered by me, is the full amount of the quantity of painted,/potted, and playing cards, mamfaflurd by me, or for my life, from the day of

to the time of this my present entry, except packs made up -by me for exportation, which are' now lodged is his Majestys fores, or have been exported, (as the case may be),

XLI!. And whereas the collectors of His Majesty's revenue, and those employed by them, have been frequently obliged to diffrain for quit rent, crown rent, composition rent, and other rent, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and distrefies taken for the fame, have been frequently refeued, by reason whereof the collection of the All «* rents aforesaid hath been rendered difficult and expenfivej be dcdufl..d for remedy whereof, be it enacted, in all cases where any ofddtrefo distress or distrefies shall be taken on any lands, tenements, taken for or hereditaments, for any quit rent, crown rent, composition

quit,t crown, ' 1_#

and eompo- or other rent, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucccf* fuionreut,.*u charged thereon, and in arrear, it shall be lawful for

such collectors, and those empowered by them distraining for the fame, to deduct and retain out of the value of the

dillrcft

The Fortieth Year of George III. 769

distress or distressfes taken, or out of the money arising by the sale thereof, all necessary charges and expences over and above the rent in arrear, as shall have been necessarily incurred in taking, recuring, and felling such distress or distresses.

XLIII. And be it enacted, where two lotteries established by any act of parliament shall be drawn in any one year, no license to keep a lottery office, or to deal in lottery tickets, shall be granted to any person for the lottery, which shall be first drawn, unless the person or persons requiring such license, shall, with one or more sufficient surety or sureties, enter into a bond to his Majesty, in the penal sum of three hundred pounds, conditioned that such person shall take out a license for the second of such lotteries, and shall pay the duty thereon: nor shall any license be granted for the second of such lotteries, unless the person or persons requiring the same shall have taken out a license for the drawing of the first of the said lotteries.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever to commence, enter, li!r, or prosecute, or eause to be commenced, entered, filed, or prnfccuted,'any aftien, suit, bill, plaint or information, against any person or persons duly licensed to keep any lottery office, or to deal in lottery tickets, far recovery of any penalty indicted by any law touching or concerning lotteries or insurances of lottery tickets, on account of my offence committed, or alleged to be committed by any person or persons licensed to keep a lottery office, or in the office of nnv such person, or for the recovery of any sum of money, or

A.D. 1800. Chap. 63.

Licensts to keen lot* tery-ufliew.

No suit Hull k.* commenced ?g.un(l Keen* kd lottery-office keeper;, f« r recovery of penalties, without consent, &c. &c.

demand whatever, due, or alleged to be due on any contract or ;..iiumption, cither expressed or implied, in respt’fl of any trans-.itlion, matter, or thing, prohibited by any of the said acts, un-Icfs the fume be entered, filed and commenced, and shall be pro-lcci;:ed with the consent in writing of his Majesty's attorney gcr.er.sl, and at lea'.t two of the euinmillioners, managers, or di-.".stors of the lottery for the time being, and unless such suit, ..dinn, hill, plaint, or inform uion, th.ill be alto commenced, or fraught within lix weeks next alter the fad was committed, or such cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, nor without such consent, to prosecuto any Inch action, suit, bill, plaint, or information, commenced after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoulaud eight hundred, and every such suit, action, hill, plaint, or information, shall lie laid and brought in the county, tit)', or place wherein such offence shall have been committed, or such cause of action shall have arilen, and not elsewhere; and if any fir:It action, suit, bill, plaint, or information, shall be Veil. XX.91 commenced.

77° The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

commenced, or he prosecuted without such conf'cnt, the fame, and the proceedings thereon, are hereby declared to be mill and

___void; and if any person or persons be sued or proi’ectiteil for any of the matters aforesaid, or for any thing done contrary a Persons sued the provisions of any of said acts, such person or perfiasmav gen'erafsut1' P^ea^ the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence, at the trial or trials of any such suit, aiSion, bill, plaint, or information; and if a verdict shall'pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or diicontiiiue his, her, or (heir action, suit, bill, plaint, or information, of judgment shall lie given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwil'e, Treble costs then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, and shall have like remedy for the fame , as defendants have for costs in any other cases by law.

Sheriffs of XLV. Whereas the sheriffs of the county of the town of nofaclaVC Galway have not for many years past_accounted in his Majesty's counted: court of exchequer upon the several writs of green wax proeds

issued to them out of the said court, and their accounts are nan-involved in much intricacy and difficulty by reason of Inch ne-glcdt, as well as by the deaths and insolvencies of several persons charged with fines and forfeited recognizances in the said nro-ccfs, and it would tend to the public service and the better execution of the laws within the said county, if the sheriffs thereof were relieved from the necessity of accounting for or Upon the said process, and that all fines against them for such neglects be remitted, be it enacted, That the sheriffs of the said county of the town of Galway, who have l'erved the said office of sheriffs for any period of time before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be, and shirifiiofcu. they are hereby released from accounting in his Majesty's court Galway of exchequer, as by law and the course of the said court they piii.rto ?.Qrl> ought to do, and that the h irons of his majesty’s said court of j’f’vi'cl.r’,',.. exchequer be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to leased. remit all fines imposed upon the several persons who have served the office of Ts in the said county respectively, at any time before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for their not having accounted, and to discharge the several attachments issued against them in consequence thereof, and to order and direct that the bail bonds taken by the pursuivant of the said court under such attachments be null and void, and be delivered up to be cancelled, and that the

The Fortieth Year of George III. 771

the said fever.il persons, their heirs, executors, and administrators . A. I), be wholly exonerated from said fines; and that the ls of 1 laid county, who have served in the said office, from the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and FhwilFi fio« ninety-five, or who now serve, or shall at any time hereafter krve in the said cilice, upon their accounting; in his Majesty's 1,5

’ 1 , ° J 1 emmubk lot

court of exchequer, for or upon the several proccl’s iffited to them fi *s agiiinil out of the said court, shall not be chargeable with, or made ac- i"1 l u"' ' countable for any fine contained in any process issued to them aga'mftauy of the said sheriffs, prior to the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, for

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and except such as are by this act otherwise provided for, shall and may Fines, &.% lie fiicd for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such -ways and means, and with such powers and c\2 ora">'

1 '_other revenue

authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by law, with an act of parliament made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, Au aR for the settling of the excise, or new impojl upon bit MajtJlj, his heirs and successurs, according to the book of rates therein inserted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned ami express’ed, and rc-etiafted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or theml’elves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of ixcilc is provided.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue to he , r

’ Iu force

of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand until apsoju. eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then cua,j,{U next lefiion of parliament, and no longer. ('fflnn'

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXIV.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, Entitled, an Act u rejfrain the Negociatien of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, pa fed in the last Session of Parliament.

772

A.D. 1800.

Friday the Jirjl day of Attguji, One tlm/and eight hundred, Royal Aljjenl given.

JOHN GAYER, D CLER. PARL.

[Preamble.]

"¥Tf WHEREAS it is necessary to continue and amend an act, pal'.

at fed in the tail session of parliment, entitled, An act to refrain the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, limited under a limitedfan; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma-session.'and Je%> by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ami this act, fell temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, ami

continue in

forc" until by the authority of the same, that the said atf, and this act ikll

continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, which \dil end of next be in the year one thousand eight hundred and two, and until the end of the then next session of parliament and no longer.

Uy said act Ik And whereas by the said act it is enacted, that for the iict-bankersnot ter accommodation of traders, farmers, manufacturers, artificers,

rduk'tit m , r.

Dublin arc labourers, and others, it shall and may be lawful for any hanker '° or bankers, not resident in the city of Dublin, whose linn lath for 9s. 6s. or been registered according to law, to issue promilhny notes r.c-gociable or transferable, for the fuin of nine shillings, or six shillings, or three shillings and nine-pence halfpenny each, and that the holders of such notes shall be entitled to demand and receive payment thereof, in notes of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, but not to demand payment in any other manner: And whereas great mifebief and inconvenience hath arisen from the frequent forgiuu of Inch promissory notes, for remaiv whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall from and after the passing of this act, Ifiliely inai:c, Person- alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause, or procure to be fal'.iy aiding or af- made, altered, forged, or counterleited, or willingly ad, aid, or i!uj'oraUcHag assist in the making, altering, forg.ng, or counterfeiting any Iccfc f^iauriiMr promissory note, or shall f.ilfelv alter, or cause, or procure to It

knowing altered, or shall willingly ad, aid, or assist, in the falilly alter-

tn be forged, ing the number, principal fuin, or any part of such note, or shall "'r utter or publish as true, any such iiilfc, forged, altered, or cous-

rcrfeitctl

The Fortieth Year of George III. 773

terfeited promissory note, with intention to defraud any person cr A.D. oersons, bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, knowing the fame tSoo. to be false, forged, altered, or counterfeited, ever}’ fuel) person l'o offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and ilial! fufTer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

III. Whereas notes and bank post-bills ilfiicd by bankers payable to certain persons, or order, are re-UTued by such bankers, with the indorsement thereon of the person to whose order the fame was payable, whereby the person so endorsing the fame becomes liable to the payment of the sum therein, or to litigation in pcnlin\.. that behalf; be it enacted, That if any banker shall, after passing of this act, re-issue, or fuller to be re-ilTited, any such note or l«»k r°11 bank post-bill, such banker, or any person or persons in their pipt>ie t» behalf re-issuing, or causing the same to be re-issued as aforesaid, shall, for every such note so re-issued, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and double the value of such note or bank post-bill' so re-issued, if above the value of one hundred pounds, which said penalty shall and may be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by adioa of debt, bill, plaint, or information.

CHAP. LXV.

An Act for incorporating the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan Hottfe on the Circular Road near Dublin.

Ft'ufciy the Fuji day of Aug>.j}x One thousand right hundred^ Royal Ajjl'nt given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. ?AKL.

WHEREAS a number of persons did, in the year one p.«mWi-thousand seven hundred and ninety, form themselves into a voluntary society, for the governing and managing the female orplian-house, formerly in Prussia-street, now on the circular road, near Dublin, and it is of importance to the wellbeing and lability of the said institutir-n, that the efforts nf the said persons to carry their laudable intentions into execution, should be rendered as cflcflual as polhblc, and for that purpose that they should be incorporated by act of parliament, with such clauses, powers, jurisdictions,

Vol. XX.9K and

774

A.D. 1 fc'oo. Chap. 65

Perfort-ficreJn

ail

>m In-jc* rJn to i‘t H‘l :»tctigo vcim-rf or govt ri:< fit's nf the fc«-ale <k[;!m» home, ftali leaho'iy politic and corpotate,

&c. &c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and authorities, as are tifual in such cases; be it therefore cnai’ed by tbs King’s mo ft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords 'spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, anti by the authority of ’he- fame, that the reverend dean Kirwan, honorable Mrs.' Anneficv, Mrs. Thecdofia Blackford, John Blackford, cfqui.r, Robert Drig.li, esquire. lady Theodosia Bligh, doom Arthur Browne, countess dowager Beflive, Mrs Brownlow, countess of Belmorc, hdy Colthurst, countess of Clare, lord Castlereagh. archbishop of Dublin, dowager countess Darnley. earl of Darnley, lady Harriet Daly, countess cf Darnley, Charles Este, esquire, bishop of El-phin, ntifs Frances Margaret Eile, bishop of Ferns, carl of Farnham, countess of Farnham, Edward Forbes, esquire, lady A. Fitzgerald, archdeacon Fowler, Mrs. Ford, doctor \V. Gray, Mrs. Melecina St. George, lord Hobart, Sir Francis Hutchinson, Mrs. Howard, honorable Mrs. Howard, Mrs. Arabella Hamilton, Mrs. dean Kirwan, Gustavus Hume, esquire, lady Hutchinson, reverend archdeacon Hutchinson, Mrs. Anne Hutchinson, Mrs. Hastings, Hugh Henry, cf-quire, Alexander Jaflray, esquire, Henry Irwin, esquire, dowager countess Kingston, Mrs. Kerr, Lady Isabella King, honorable Mrs. King, Peter Latouche, esquire, John La-touche, esquire, Mrs. Elizabeth Latouche, right honorable David Latouche, William Digges Latouche, esquire, Mrs.

W. Digges Latouche, countess of Leitrim, lord Monck, Mr. Malins, marquis Wdlefley, countess Mountnorris, Sir R. G. Mercdyth, lady G. Meredyth, lady Lucy Maxwell, Mrs. Newccmc, William Meade Ogle, Mrs. Sarah Phelps, viscountess Powerscourt, Mrs. Preston, Mrs. Anne Reilly, Mrs. Rawson, bishop of Raphoe, archdeacon Robinson, lady Roflmore, lady Southwell, Mrs. Shaw, Edward Tighc, cf* quire, Frederick Trench, esquire, lady Tydd, countess of Roden, Mrs. H. Tighe, Henry Tighe esquire, Mrs. W. Tighe, lady Tullamorc, reverend doctor Trucl, Richard Vessel oyle, esquire, honorable Mrs. Ann Wynne, counted Wicklow, colonel Clement Wolfeley, reverend R. Wynne, reverend H. Wynne, lady S. Wynne, honorable Robert Ward, Miss Louisa Woodward, Mrs. Woodward, vifeouct Wicklow, Luke White, esquire, Mrs. Ward, lirmmd.e Mrs. Pratt, Mrs. Gunn, Miss Tynte, countess of Com so

bar,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ir.archioness of Waterford, general Bettsworth, Mrs.

A.D. 1800.

BetUtvorth, lady Mathew, carl of Leitrim, John D’Courcy, *8oc.

C*i3D 6 "*

rral fodi other persons as shall from time to time for ever lirreifter be elected and appointed governors or governcflcs of the fat'd female orphan-house, be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed one body politic and corporate, in fid, deed, and name, by the name and title of the gover-i;-a and governcflcs of the'female orphan-house on the circular-mad, near Dublin, and by the fame name to have per-j-.itu.4l succession, and have a common seal, and be capable cf filing, and being sued, and that it shall be lawful for the fi.l corporation to pnrehafe, have, hold, take, receive, and enjoy to them and their 1’ucccflors for ever, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, of whatsoever nature or kind, not exceeding in the whole the clear yearly value of five Corj-onti.m thousand pounds, and also all, and all manner of goods and Ssfs'c.'Yo chattels of what value soever, whether by sift, grant, (1c- anmu'lt l,f

- jccol. a year,

fife, or bequest, or otherwise, withoutjiecnfe, in mortmain, also:.H notwithstanding any law to the contrary.

II. And be it enacted, That the said corporation, and their successors for ever, shall have otic president, four vice- Officer.of ptefidents, one treasurer, one secretary, and one register, c0^,0,a," and that his excellency Charles, marquis Cornwallis, be tbs lirll president of the said corporation, that the right rever- -end the lord billiop of Ferns, John Lalnuche, esquire, reverend clean Kirwan, and Mrs. Elizabeth Latouche, wife of Peter Latouche, esquire, be the first vice-prefi.lents, right honorable David Latouche and company, the first treasurer, reverend Henry Campbell, the first secretary, and Mr. Rich-aid Malins, the first register to the said corporation, and that each of them shall continue in their respective ofliccs until others shall be chosen in their respective rooms, according to fncit bye-laws and regulations as shall hereafter be made by the said corporation touching the amotion, election, or continuance of their several officers.

III. And be it enacted, That there shall be in every year four general meetings of the said corporation, to wit, on the llrfl Monday in the months of February, April, June, and November, and as many other general meetings as the said corporation, or any five or more of them dull appoint, and that in case of the absence of the president, or vire-j.tcfi -9K 2 dents

CO .{l.rlaUv >1

7 76 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. dents for the time being, fuc'n of tile members of the fail 18 ocorporation then present, as shall be' appointed for the put-pose, shall prefulc at tire meeting, and it shall be lawful so; the said corporation, or any three or more of them present a: Corponntin any such general meeting, to ele£l such persons to be ment'iort

nay cleft r - a

n.crabirrs, of the said corporation as they shall thtnfe proper, upon lu:!i byc-tovs"f:c. conditions nevertheless, and subject to such rules, restriclioa;

and regulations, as shall be imposed and enacted by the byclaws and rules to be hereafter made known and entered into by the Paid corporation, for regulating the admission of mem. bers of the said corporation, and such persons as shall from time to time for ever hereafter’ be elected in manner aforesaid members of the said corporation, so long as they respectively conform to the rules, regulations and conditions imp ifed and directed by the byc-Iaws and rules of the said corporation, shall be, and be deemed'to be members of the said corpo-' ration, as fully as if named in this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That i' shall be lawful for the said

nr°bTrc corporation at any general meeting, seven members at lead m.atorfuf- being present, to suspend, displace, or remove any officer or members may officers of the said corporation, and to expel or remove any a gmi-rli'1 " racmber of the said corporation for any cause, which in the meeting, by judgment of the said meeting shall render him or her un-’members pre- worthy to continue a member of the said corporation, pro-being"efe rided that two-thirds at leaf! of the members present at such

than seven. . meeting shall agree to such suspension, removal, or txpulfion,

and it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any such Appointment general meeting to appoint and choose a matron, and such 'officer, and’ other officers and servants as they shall deem requisite and nc-leirants. cessary for the business of the said corporation, and to allot

and appoint them such salaries, wages, and other recompence for their service and labour, and rewards for additional ot extra service as to the said corporation shall seem meet,

V. And be it enacted, That the said corporation at any of their general meetings, seven members of the said corporation at the leaf! being present, (but not at any other than a general meeting, or at any such meeting, when seven mein-

Corporation bers shall not be present i shall have full power and authority

may make ‘ 7 1

byc-lottsatft to make and ordain all such byc-Iaws, rules and ordinmccs loT'ooUefs" for good government of the said corporation, and for bein'6peut a^Vflnc’n8 the purposes of the inflitution/and with respetl to 4. tlx

The Fortieth Year of George III. 7-7

the manner of choosing and removing officers and servants as A.D. they shall judge necessary and convenient; provided that such

bye-laws be not repugnant to the laws of Ireland, and that __________

the fame be confirmed by feme succeeding general meeting, at Byc-lawjto

J ,0 be CQiiIiinu'il

which seven at leau of the members ("hall be present, and at a r«ecwd-that the fame method shall be observed in the altering or repealing any of such bye-laws and ordinances, after they shall be so made and confirmed.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any seven or more of them, whereof the pre-fulent, or one of the vice-presidents to be one, at any of the said dated general meetings, to make or execute lease or Corporate leases of any lands or tenements belonging to the said corpo- trc si,'rc_ ration, for any term not exceeding three lives, if for lives, *»duecleii. and if for years, not exceeding thirty-one years, to commence and take effect in possession, and not in reversion, or by way of future interest upon each and every which ieafe shall be reserved during the continuance thereof, the bed yearly rent that can be got for the fame, without fine, gratuity, or other toward or confederation, which rent shall be made payable half yearly, provided that the seal of the said corporation shall not be affixed to any Ieafe which has not been referred to a committee of the said corporation, and that such committee shall report that the lease under consideration is a proper one, and is by deed indented, and contains the usual powers of didrefs and re-entry for non-payment of rent, which leases under the seal of the said corporation, shall be admitted and read in evidence in all courts of law or equity, without any further proof.

VII. And be it enacted, That when the prefulent, vice-presidents, or any one or more of the members of the said ^Wic:i|irc corporation shall happen to die, then the surviving members ate, rumVon of the said corporation shall continue and remain incorporate, jj

by the name aforesaid, to all intents, condrindions and pnr- '-lyikdt

4 oUlU'S.

poses, and that it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any seven or more of them assembled, to cledl and appoint a new president or vice-presidents, in the room and dead of the aforesaid, or any other president or vice-presidents of the said corporation that shall die, resign, or be removed, according to the bye-laws of the said corporation.

q L

Vo I. XX.

yy8 The - Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall *800^, cause accounts to be regularly kept of all receipts and dif.

Accounts burfements for and on account of the said corporation, and tolrekipt. aj| proceedings, orders and transactions of the said corporation, and to be fairly transcribed or entered in books to be kept'for that purpose, to all and every which books the said corporation, and every member thereof shall have access and liberty to inspect and examine them, and every of then when they shall require the fame, public ]x. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act.

CHAP. LXVI.

An Act for incorporating the Association for dif countenancing Vice% and promoting the Knowledge and Prat!ice of the Christian Religion.

Fiijoy the Rhjlihy of August, on: thoustmd nyhrhmirif Royal jfftnl/mn.

JOHN GAYBR, D. CLER. PARE.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a' number of perform did in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two form themselves into a voluntary society, under the t»rle of the association for difeountenancing vice, and promoting the knowledge and practice of the christian religion: And whereas-it'is of the utmost importance to the (lability and welfare of the Hate, and to well being of civil society in general, that the efforts of the said voluntary association, to carry their laudable intentions into execution, should be rendered as effectual as' possible, and for that purpose that they should be incorporated by act of parliament, with such clauses, powers, jurisdictions and authorities, as are usual in like

cases; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parlia- Personshere- ment fcflembled, and by- the authority of the same, That the J""med shall .iofd lieutenant of Ireland, the lord primate, the lord arch-

be a body po» % f 4

liiic and cor- bishop of Dublin, the lord archbishop of Cartiel, the lord «m"ofbythe archbishop of Tuam, the lord bishop of Meath, bishop of

Kildare,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 779

Kildare, bishop of Dromore, bishop of Elphin, hi (flop of A.D. Ferns, bishop of Cloyne, bishop of Cork, bishop of Kil-

laloe, bishop of Kilmore, bishop of Clogher, bishop of Of- . fnry, bishop of Killala, bishop of Clonfert, the carl of Alla-mont, lord Yelverton, lord Kil warden, right honorable Isaac

Corry, right honorable David Litouche, right honorable Lr i Thomas Pelham, right honorable John Fofler, right honorable John Toler, lieutenant general Straton, Sir Francis Hutchinson, baronet, reverend doctors O’Connor, Alcotk,

Guintiefi, Graves, fellows of Trinity College, Dublin; reverend doctor John Kearney, provost of Trial :y college,

Dublin; reverend dean Graves, Richard Wynne, Richard Browne, George Grnydon, John La touche, esquire, Peter Latouchc, esquire, Alexander Knox, esquire, Richard Griffith, esquire, William Maturin, esquire, Mi (let William Watson, Miller William Watson. junior, and such other ersons as before the first day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred, were elected, or shall from time to time be elected in the manner herein after di-rcfled, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed to be one body politic and corporate in deed and in name, by the name of the association for discountenancing vice, and promoting the knowledge and practice of the chris-; ti.in religion; and by the fame name to have perpetual fuc- coipontion; ccfiion, and to purchase, have, take, receive, and enjoy to ^V"'ccllJ,fc I them and their successors for ever, lands, tenements, and yearly«iucof j hereditaments, of whatsoever nature or kind, not exceeding J in the whole the clear yearly value of one thousand pounds; t.

j and also all manner of goods and chattels of what value

j , t t t /» ami may i«

loever, whether by gift, grant, dcmifc, bequest or oincnviic, ami be Aid, and by the fame name to sue and be fried, plead, and be &c' inipinded, answer, and be answered unto, in all courts mil places whatsoever, within this kingdom of Ireland, in ail foils, plaints, and demands whatsoever; and they and ibir successors may have a common Teal, such as they shall lliiink proper, for the nfe of the said corporation, which it plU'c lawful for them and their successors to change, break,

i,

atr, or make new, from time to time, as they shall think

j H And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That orn.-c.a '"c L'.id corporation, and their successors for ever, shall C0ri'0,*l|t" -9L 2 have

>me gene* i-ui meetings every yeti), and as many more as shall be’appointed.

Tcrfons elected shall he r.icinbeis of said corporation.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

have one president, four vice presidents, two secretaries, one treasurer, and one affifiant secretary orregiftei% and that his excellency Charles marquis Cornwallis, lord lieutenant general, and general governor of Ireland, (half be the first prelident, so long as he shall continue to ciccrcife the said office of lord lieutenant, and that the lord primate, arch-bishop of Dublin, pvovoft of Trinity college, Dublin, all for the time being, and the right honorable David Latouche, shall be the first vice presidents, and William Maturin, esquire, and the reverend Hosea Guinness, doctor of divinity,' shall be the first secretaries, and that Mister William Watson, junior, shall be the first treasurer, and Mister Charles Mills, shall be the first assistant secretary or register to said afliicii-tion, and that each of them shall continue in their respectiie offices, until others shall be chosen in their respective rooms, according to'such bye-laws or regulations as shall hercalur be made by the said association, touching the amotion, election, or continuance of their several officers.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall he in every year, nine general mcctir.c,s of the said association, to wit, on the first Thursday in the months of October, November, December, January, February, March, April, May, Tune, and as many other general meetings as the said association, or any five or more of them shall appoint; and that in case of the absence of the president or vice presidents for the time being, such of the members then present as shall be appointed for the purpose, shall be chairman of the meeting; and it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, or any nine or more of them, at any such general meeting, to elect such persons to h; members of the said association as they shall think proper, upon such conditions nevertheless, and subject to such rules, refiridions and regulations as shall be imposed and enacted by the bye-rules and law's which shall hereafter be made and adopted by the said association.

IV. And be it enacted, That such persons as shall from (ime to time be elected in manner aforesaid, and also all such persons as have been already, that is to say, before the first day of June, one thousand eight hundred, elected, shall so long as they respectively conform to the conditions, rules, restridrons and regulations imposed by the bye-rules and

She Fortieth Year of George III.

laws of the association, be deemed to be members of the said corporation, as if they were particularly named in this act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said association, or to any fifteen or more of them, at any general meeting, to remove any officer or officers at their will and -pleasure, and all'o to expel or remove any member or members of said association, for anycause, which in the judgment of the said general meeting shall render him unworthy to continue a member thereof; provided that not fewer than two-thirds of the members present shall agree to such expulsion or removal; and that it shall and may be lawful to said corporation, or any nine of them, at any such general meeting, to choose clerks and other inferior officers and servants, as shall be thought useful to said corporation.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That ’he said corporation, at any of their stated general meetings, and at no other meetings, nine members at lead being present, shall have full power to make bye-laws, rules and ordinances, for the good government thereof, and for advancing the purposes of the inflitution, as and for the manner of the choice and removal of their members and officers as they shall judge meet and convenient; provided that such bye-laws be not repugnant to the laws of the kingdom of Ireland, and that the fame be confirmed by some fiic-ceeding general meeting, at which nine at lead of the members shall be present, and that the fame method shall be observed in the altering or repealing any of such bye-laws and ordinances after they shall be so made and confirmed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said corporation, or any seven of them, whereof the president, or one of the vice-picfidents, to be one at any' of said dated general meetings, to make or execute leases of any lands or tenements belonging to the said corporation, for any term not exceeding three lives, it for lives, and if for years, not exceeding thirty-one years, to commence and take effect in possession and not in reversion, or hv way of future intered, upon which shall be rclcrved during tile continuance of said lease, the bed yearly rent that can lie got for the fame, without fine, gratuity, or other reward, which rent shall be made payable half-yearly on the two ul'ual feaits of the year on which rents are made payable; provided always that the seal of the said corporation shall not be affixed to any lease which las not been referred to a committee, who dull report that the lcaic under consideration is a proper one, and is by deed indented, and that

Vol. XX.9M it

Cf?rks and iutciinr uifU ctrs to be ciu’fcn at gc-itcial ir.ett-

Bye-lavs may be made at gcncril meeting.

Byc-liw* to be cohtinutd at a !tit:cc« »* i'ny general, meeting.

Coiporu-ttoti may ctc-cutc IcalW, asbmiu.

I^etfrs to bs refer ted to cu niaitkcs

782 Tie Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1t contains the uftiai powers of did refs and re-entry for non-pay 1S00. ment of" rent, which lease so made under the seal of thecorpo-' ..ration, shall -he read in evidence in- alli courts of record, without any further proof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That members' of in case the prcGdent, vice-presidents, or any one or more of the fluffcmihiue members of said corporation shall happen to die, tltat then the incorporated, remaining and furriving members of the said corporation, shall

continue and remain incorporated by the name aforesaid, to all intents, constructions and purposes; and that it shall and may be lawful for tile said corporation, or any of-them, in case the pre-fident, or vice-presidents for tile time being shall die of relign, or be removed, according to the bye-laws hereafter to be made by the Amount* association, to deeb a new president, or vice-preftdent, in the room to be kept, of such preiident or vice-prafiilent so dying, resigning, or removed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation shall cause fair accounts in writing to be kept of all receipts, payments, and other doings and tranl'actions of said corporation, and of their officers and agents respectively, to

A public vic'vt‘d and inspected by any subsefiber or subscribers, beneftc-for or bencfadlors, as often as shall be required.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tins aft shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

CHAP. -LXVII.

An at7 for.-regidating the trade of a disliller, and for ftcuring Ibt duties payable jjh hovic-made spirits.

J'tiday the jijl day of Atgttft, one ihoufinul eight hundred, royal qjfent given, JOHN GAYER) D. CLER. rARL

[Preamble.]

ITT'or the better regulating the trade of a distiller of spirits, I and securing the duties of excise on ail spirits distilled in this kingdom, be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majd-

by and with the advice-and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, ami

d.icenfus to by the authority of the same, That no person shall keep in his or by 'perfous11 her possession, or shall make use of any (till, or other utensil for ll!].' distilling spirits, unless such person shall have obtained a license

ami Inn ij-a for keeping the fame, signed by one or more of the commissioners made as here- rxcjfc^ HOr un|cf, fuc], person shall have entered and regiilcrcil in the office of excise of the diitridt wherein such (till or other utensil is to be fee at work, his, her, or their name and surname,

Fhe Fortieth Fear of George III. or names and surnames, and place or places of abode, ami the place where his, her, or their distillery is situated, and the number of Hills intended to be kept by him, her, or them, and the number of gallons each still is capable of containing, and shall also enter and register, in manner aforesaid, all vessels to be used in his, her, or their distillery, and the several apartments or places therein, in which any part of the business of distilling is to be carried on, and every place in which any of the materials for distilling shall be kept, and every place which shall be used by him, her, or them for keeping or storing spirits, and the officer of excise shall thereupon grant a certificate thereof to the person or persons making such entry or registry at the foot of a copy of such registry, which entry or registry, or a certificate thereof, shall be evidence on any tjaellion that shall arise concerning the content of any Hill, and on the trial of any information for any penalty for tiling private vessels in distilling, or for any penalty on account ef spirits being found in any store not registered as aforesaid.

It. And be it enacted, That every license to keep a still or Hills shall be signed by one or more of his Majesty's chief commissioners of excise, and shall contain the name and furiiaiiie, or names ind surnames of the person or persons whose still or Hills shall be lieenfed, and his, her, or their place or places of abode, and the place where the distilling is to be carried on, and shall express the number of (tills which shall be so lieenfed, and the number of gallons respectively which each still -shall be capable of containing, and every such license shall be of force from the date thereof, until the twenty-ninth day of September following, and no longer; and every person who shall distil any spirits without lu.-ing such license of force, shall for every time he shall so distil, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

III. And be it enacted, That in all cases the content of a still, or the quantity of liquor which a still shall lie deemed capable of containing, shall be so much liquor as the fame, including the head and every appendage to such head, so high as the fleam can afeend, shall be capable of containing, and in measuring every still the head thereof and such appendage shall be measured as part of the

7S3

A.D. 1800.

1 Sco.

Chap. 67.

Cfl—UTVC* to be (v<;itt!Ctl by oibccts, which ilutJl he evidence.

What fu i!t

be Cuiiluitici

in licenhs.

feel, penalty for dmiUing without ]i-

Head, &c. deemed part

of a itill.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth , 'V1?1/?.1*

lieenfed shall

d.iy of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, no license shall be capable of be granted for the keeping of any still for distilling /pints or co:lUnun£' lining waters, which shall not be capable of containing five hundred gallons, and until the said twenty-fourth day of June, it Cull be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of tlicni, to grant9M 2 licenses

¥he 'Fortieth Year ^/"' George III.

A.D. KcefiTes for any stills of a content not less than two hundred ga!-

i iioo. ]ons each.

V. And be it enacted, That no license'shall be granted to any Oathto.be person to keep a fliil for jnaking spirits, unless he shall have made tofe'i's' 03th, subscribed with his proper name, before a fub-commissioner granted. of excise, ihat he will not use, at suffer to beufed, any brewing, cppper in distilling spirits, or for any other purpose than brew-' ing for,pot ale only, and that he will not use, or suffer to be f used, any'fliil in making spirits, of which any -notice shall have been given to discontinue work, without i having given such no-

ticcs as. are required by law to be given, of again commencing

to work.

-In what 'VI. ^And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any fjrma/bc'1" "Pe,:^on t& distil spirits at any place not being a market town, where ltcensed. a anarket is and shall be held'Weekly, unless a gauger shall be . stationed'in'such place, and that’every license to keep a dill shall be null and void, so soon as the person or persons who shall have

obtained the same shall remove his, her, or their dillillery to any place from that expressed in such license, and that no person other than the person or persons named in the license shall be authorized thereby to did.il spirits at any place whatever, and that the person-named in such license shall not be’thereby authorized to

distii spirits, save at the place expressed in such license.

VII. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted ta Bond to be any person to keep any llill for distilling strong waters, unless such before licence person with two sufficient sureties shall have entered into a bond .» granted. tQ ),;s Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a penalty of four hundred pounds, for every Hill not exceeding five hundred gallon?; and of five hundred pounds for every Hill exceeding five hundred gallons, and not exceeding one thousand gallons, and of six hundred pounds for every fliil exceeding one thousand gallons, for which a license shall he required, conditioned, that the person - or persons to whom such license shall he granted, shall work with , every of such fliil or stills, -not lcfs than one hundred and fifty working days within lire time such license shall be of force, am! shall duly pay such duties of excise for all such quantities of spirits or strong waters as by law such person or ersons is, arc, or shall be chargeable with, while such liccnle shall be of force.

In.what

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful foi may3be with- l^lc chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any ihiccor drawn, more of t]lcm) (0 withdraw the license granted to any person or ersons to keep a. Hill or stills, in case he, flic, or they, shall bave

changed

The Fortieth Year of George III. 785

caanged the place of his, her, or their distillery, or shall have

A.D. 1800.

teen convicted in any court of excise jurisdiction, of any fraud 1 ^o0*

or offence against the laws of excise, committed after the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred, which shall subject him, her, or them, to a penalty of twenty pounds or upwards, and also to refuse to grant a license to any person to keep any Pill at any distillery which shall have been occupied by the person who shall have been so convicted.

IX. And be it enacted, That no distiller who shall have more Wr,at thin one (till shall keep auy (till, in the diameter of the neck of

7 ir.ttrc titan one

which there shall not be a diflerence of two inches at the least, (lilliskcpt. born the diameter of the neck of any other (till kept by him, and if in the diameter of the neck of any (till kept by any distiller, there shall not be a difference of two inches at lead, from the diameter of the neck of any other dill kept by him, each and every such dill shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Miller in whose distillery the same shall be found, shall forfeit the ftim of one hundred pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That no distiller shall keep or have in realty far Hi possession any greater number of heads of dills than the mini- iraiis of

!,;r of dills which he or she shall he licensed to keep, or shall use [Jmviiu; in the diddling of spirits, or for any other purpose than brewing P0,*",wrc worts any brewing coppery and if any greater number of heads of dills shall be found in the distillery of, or in any other place belonging to or occupied by any distiller, than the number of dills which such distiller shall lie licensed to keep, every head of a Hill so found, and every dill of such distiller shall lie forfeited, and may he seized, and the distiller in whole possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit one hundred pounds; and if any brewing topper for making worts shall he used or found at work in diddling pot-ale or wadi, or Anglings, or used for any other purpose titan brewing worts, not only such copper, but every dill, and head, and worm of a (till, and all distilling utensils fountfin such distillery, shall be forfeited and seized, and the distiller in whose distillery such copper shall be used or found at work, contrary to this act, shall forfeit five hundred pounds, anti in either of the said cases no license shall be granted to any person for the space of three years, to keep any dill in such distillery; and if any apparatus shall be found in the possession, or in the distillery of any distiller, which might render such copper capable of being used as a dill, the lame shall be evidence that such copper was tiled in distilling pot-ale or walh.

j$(? The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XI. And be it enacted, THar if any still or . other fltenfil for diddling. spirits be found in the possession of any person, the fame-shall be forfeited! and may be seized by any officer of es-Penalty for cife, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, unless such license ItcX'8 as aforesaid to the person in whose possession the same shall bt Vi?iowfC so’3ln-(l for keeping;such (till, or other utensil, shall be produced ct

ccucr. theritime of finding such (till; and every head of a Hill, and

worm of a (till, which shall be found in the possession of any p;r-

; son, shall be forfeited, and may be seized in manner aforesaid,

unless such license- as aforesaid, for keeping the (till or (tiib tc which foci! head or heads, or worm or worms shall belong, and no other, shall be produced at the time of finding the fame; am! every pet son in tvhofe possession such (till or'dills, head or heads,

worm or worms (Kail be found; shall forfeit the sum of twenty - pounds for each such (till, head or worm, and all vessels and

utensils for diddling, or commonly made use of in the procels of diddling, and -all-spirits; Anglings, wadi, and materials-for making spirits, found in the possession of any such person as aforesaid, shall be forfeited,- and may be seized-in manner aforesaid; and the utensils and walla which shall be so seized may be destroyed and ' (pilled.

Licensed

XII. And be it enacted, ‘That any distiller who: hath, or fa!'; !-ntrr wh/ have obtained a license for keeping any stili, '-shall have the finis -re kept power and authority as any officer of excise to enter into any

2nd may liotise, office, or tenement belonging to any person-in which a:-,;-

fun, at. 0l, ]leaej( or wonn of a dm shall be kept, and1 -for the keep-

ing of which dill, or the (till to which such head or-worm Hull belong, a license shall not have been granted, and to seize am! carry away the fame; and all vessels and utensils commonly ufo! in the process of diddling, and all walh or pot ale found in such place, and that every such licensed drdiller may destroy all such vessels and utensils, and (pill all wash-and pot-ale, in every caw

where any officer-of his Majesty's revenue may destroy or (pill

1 the fame; and1 every such licensed distiller who shall seize any

unlicensed (till, head, or worm, shall, upon condemnation hereof, have and receive one moiety of- the produce of any such hi!, head, or worm seized by him, and also one moiety of all peri-'tics to which any person-in whose possession such (till, head or worm fluid be found, shall be subject on account of having luck (till, head or worm in his or her possession, and of the sums which are hereby to lie recovered, as herein directed, off parishes am! other places in which unliceufe’d dills shall be seized.

XIII. Provide!

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every licensed distiller who shall seize any unlicensed stil), or head, or worm of a dill, shall within six days from the time of seizure, give notice thereof to the collector of the district, t to the next resident officer of excise, who shall, immediately after inch notice, take into his custody such still, or head, or worm, and secure. the fame in like manner as if they had been seized by any officer of excise: provided also, that where any iitenfil or vessel for diddling, or any rvafli shall be so seized, it shall and may be lawful for the ofll er of excise to sell the same to any licensed distiller, provided such wash shall feil for a sum equal to the duty chargeable thereon, otherwise such waflt shall be spilled; and in cale such wash shall he fold, the purchaser thereof shall piy the collector of the district where fitch distiller shall reside, excise for the fame, in like manner as for any other. part of his flock, together with the purchase money thereof: provided also, That no brazier or manufacturer of metal shall be subject to any penalty or forfeiture for having any still, or head of a still, or worm in his or her polTefEon, so. that such brazier, or manufacturer of metal have a License for making the same, in cases where such licensc is required.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no brazier, or other person dealing in brass, copper, tin, or other manufaduicd metal, shall make or have in his possession any still, the contents whereof shall be less than five hundred.gallons, without having first obtained a. License from one or more of the commissioners of excise for making the same; and if any brazier, or other periods as aforesaid, shall make, or have in his possession such still without such License, or if such still shall be found in' the possession of any brazier, or other person as aforesaid, who shall not produce a License for making or keeping the fame, such brazier shall forfeit the Aim of twenty pounds, and such still shall be forfeited and seized.

XV. And be it enacted, That every brazier, or other person who fltnll mtih- any still whatsoever, shall, before he or flic shall dispose of the fame, stamp on the bread of such still, over that part thereof where the cock of such still shall be placed, and also on the head of such still, his or her name and surname, and the place of residence, and the name and surname, and place of refuience of the person to whom he shall dispose of the fame, at full length, in roman letters, and in figures, the year of Our Lord in which such still shall lie disposed of, and the number of gallons which the same shall be capable of containing in figures, such letters and figures to lie funk in the metal of Inch ftiil, and not less than half an inch long, or shall for every default therein

9N z forfeit

787

A.D. 1800.

00. Chap. 67.

Dtilillcn; to give no* tice of (c:z in's to CoUccWys.

licenced* brar.iers not liable to peoaUfci,

Br.'wb’fB nof tt> lave flish under 500 t>alinm4. without IL-

lJrav.im to ilnmjj ai herein.

-y88 . '-The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

forfeit the Ann. of- ten pounds; and if any such still shall after--1800. wards be enlarged, the brazier, or-peiTon enlarging the fame, shall

Chap. 67- in-like manner (lamp the number of gallons such still shall be ca-.1 pable of containingaf*r the enlargement thereof,-or-shall forfeit the sum of ten-pounds.

XVI. And be it enacted, that no brazier, or mimufadurer of me-

Braziersto

takcnui per- thl, or other person, shall convey, or permit to be conveyed from his stores, house, or out-house, to any person whomsoever, any still, unless a permit granted by an officer of excise for the -removal c-f such still shall have been obtained by such brazier, manufacturer, or other person, and such permit shall contain in the body thereof, the names and surnames of the brazier or manufacturer, or other person who made such still, and of the person or persons to whom, such still is intended.to be sent, and also the number of gallons which such still, with the head thereof, may contain; and if any person shall convey, or permit to be conveyed, any still from his (lores,

house, or-out-houses, -without such permit, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

"Stills can-veyed without permits may be ftized.

P«rmit3 to be delivered to officers within 4)? hours a'ler arrival tf

/Mk

Quarterly accounts to he returned by hrav.iers ;uk! others’ to collecto.9.

XVII. And be it enacted, that it shall be lawful for any officer of excise to seize every still which shall he found conveying or conveyed, and for the conveyance of which such permit shall net he produced, and that no permit shall be granted for the conveyance 0! any still to any person other than a person Licensed to keep a still.

XVIII. And be it enacted, that the person to whom any still shall be conveyed, shall, "within forty-eight hours after the arrival of such-(till, deliver up the permit under which such still was conveyed, to the proper officer, who shall thereupon grant-a certificate to such person in lieu thereof; and if any still shall be found in the possession of any person after the expiration ot forty-eight hours from the arrival thereof, without producing such certificate, such fill! shall he forfeited, and shall and may be seized.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every brazier or other person dealing in manufactured-metal, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth-day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and t-wcnty-lifth day of December, in every year, return a true account to the collector of the district in which lie or (lie shall rcfule, under his or her hand, or the hand of some known clerk, of every still sold by him or her within the then preceding three months, and the name and ftirnatnc of the per-ftm to whom each such still was fold, and his or her place ol residence, and the number -of gallons every such still shall be capable of containing, and shall for any default -therein forfeit the lum ot ten pounds,

How dills shall be fct.

7'be Fortieth Year of George III. 789

XX. And be it enacted, That if any still shall be kept or used

A.D. 1800.

by any distiller who shall have a license for keeping any still or 1 Soc* Hills, and that any such Hill so kept or used shall be of the con- u*aPl ' tent of four gallons more than the content of the still for which Penalties such license shall have been granted to such distiller, as aforesaid, (tri of ft',/ then, and in every such case, every such still so exceeding the

content of the still described in such license, shall be deemed an un- t,raa" licensed still, and shall and may be forfeited and seized, and the dif- for.k

tiller who shall keep or use the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and such distiller shall be charged with, and pay the duty of so much spirits as lie or flie ought to have been charged with, according to the real content of every such still as herein directed to'bemeasured.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no charge of duty for spirits Ra:«of distilled with any still, while the lame shall be ‘licensed, shall be

after a lei's rate than according to the content of such still at the tent time the same shall have been licensed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no distiller of spirits shall set nay copper or still to work, for the purpose of brewing any wash or pot-ale, or of distilling, unless such still shall be set up to the bread thereof in brick or stone, with mortar of lime and sand; and every still which shall be found at work, and shall not be fct and affixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits shall provide, at his or her expence, such fastenings, or locks and keys provwJd by to the head, furnace-door, and cocks of every still, as shall be ap- distillcre. proved of by the inspector or surveyor of excise, of the district where such distiller resides, or shall pay for such fastenings, locks, and keys, as shall be provided by the inspector or surveyor for feeding the fame; and if any distiller shall not provide or pay for such fastenings, locks, and keys, or if at any time any such faf-tenings, locks, or keys shall be broken, or be out of order, and such distiller shall not pay for repairing the fame, every such distiller shall forfeit the film of ten pounds.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every distiller, after any license to keep a still or Hills shall be granted to him or her, shall, lie-fore he or flic shall begin to work with such still or stills, give four days notice in writing to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and to the collector of the district, and surveyor or gauger of the walk in which his or her distillery is carried on, of the time which he or file ftnill so begin to work, and that every distiller 'ho shall intend to discontinue distilling with all or any of his cr her still or stills, may, from time to time, after twenty-eight

Locks and

dnytr notice before working.

790

The Fortieth Year of George XII.

A.D. 1800.

days from the time he or she shall have begun to didil

1800. with such still or flills, discontinue diflilliirg with any such still or {tills, such distiller giving notice in writ-

fidaysno. ing of such hisor'her intention, to the chief commission-liceofinten- ° '

tiontodif. ers of his Majesty's revenue, and to the collector of

wmkiilg. 'the district, and the surveyor and gauger of the walk

wherein such distillery shall be carried on, such notice to be delivered to them respectively six days before the day such distiller intends to discontinue, and requiring that his or herftill or stills, so intended to be discontinued "from distilling, may be locked on a day therein named; and in case of a still of one thousand gallons content, or upwards, such notice fpscifying that the works in -which the fame is Works to be fct shall be taken down; and in case of a still or stills under wwmT^ one thousand^ gallons content, such notice specifying that -takenout. fuc|i distiller will-cause the-worm or worms thereunto belonging to be displaceH and removed out of the worm tun or tubs, and thereupon and upon such distiller causing the works in which such still of one thousand gallons content, or upwards, shall be fct, to be taken down, and upon such distiller displacing and removing, or causing to be displaced or removed-clear out of the worm tub or tubs, the worm or worms to such still or stills under one thousand gallons respectively belonging, and laying the Tame-on the ground near the tub or tubs-in which the fame was or were"fixed,

; Officers-to it shall then be lawful for the gauger or surveyor to flrap - hezds of down and lock on the head of every such still or stills so tlills,&c. intended to be discontinued as aforesaid, and to lock the door of the furnace-grate, and flop and lock the discharge-In case of cock or pipe of every such still or stills; and if the surveyor aMs&caS, or gauger shall be prevented from so doing by any person at bSa^ed"11 fuel) distillery, or by means of the distillery being locked, Allduty. and no person appearing to give him entrance or otherwise, or if any still or stills shall not be locked, or if the works in which the still, if of the content of one thousand gallons or upwards, shall be set, shall not be taken down, or if the worm or worms belonging to any still or stills under one thousand gallons content shall not be displaced, removed, and -laid down, as aforesaid, or if such distiller shall omit so to -deliver, as aforesaid, any such notice as aforesaid, such distiller shall continue to be charged with, and pay excise, as if

-lie

The Fortieth Year of George III. 791

he had not given such notice to discontinue distilling with A D. such still or ftilis. 1 ®ca

XXV. And be it enacted, That any distiller who shall for a time discontinue distilling in manner aforesaid, and shall desire to set at work again any still or ftilis so discon- fere who have tinued, shall deliver to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's of illtCHU'jlJ revenue, eight days before the day he or flie shall intend to begin to work again, and to the collector of the district, and to the surveyor and gauger of the walk, wherein his or her dillille.-y shall be carried on, six days before such day, notice in writing of the day on which he or she shall intend to begin to work again with any such still or ftilis, and the surveyor or gauger shall, upon such notice, open the locks and faf-tenings of the still or ftilis of such distiller, which shall be mentioned in such notice, and suffer the worm or worms of such still or ftilis, under one thousand gallons each content, which shall have been so removed, to be replaced, and shall charge him or her with excise, as herein mentioned; and if any distiller shall work any such still, without having delivered as aforesaid such notices, or if before the time which shall be mentioned in the notice for again commencing to work, the distiller, in whose distillery such still shall he so used or worked, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the fuin of two hundred pounds, and no license shall af- Penalty, terwards, for the space of three years, be granted to any person to keep a still in the fame distillery, or in any place thereunto adjoining.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if at any time fnbfe- Soils or

works

quest to twenty-four hours after any still shall have been fumihvnrm locked, or by law ought to have been locked, or after the Xrow time mentioned in such notice as aforesaid cf discontintling the working of any still, such still, or the works in which it is or shall be set, shall be found warm; and in case of a Hill under one thousand gallons content, if at any time fub-i'cquent to twenty-four hours after the worm thereunto belonging was removed out of the worm-tub, or by law ought to have been removed, such worm shall be found in the worm-tub, or water therein, to any such still belonging,

(lull be found warm, the distiller in whose poffc/Iion the finite shall be so found shall forfeit the sum of one hundred90 2 pounds

79"

A.D. 1800.

i8co. Chap. 67.

Charge to be made by officers upon decrease of waft).

-Decrease of Anglings or low-wines.

officer’s rc-jurnsand charges.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

pounds, unless such-still shall have been set at work upon a new declaration or notice in manner aforesaid.

X'XVII. And be 'it enacted, That the officers of excise keeping an account of wash or -pot-ale, and low wines of any difliller, shall, upon any decrease. of wash made from corn, charge such difliller with duty-for as much spirits ns shall be-equal to one-ninth part of the waffi so decreased, and upon any decrease of wash made-from fugir or moiaffes, or decayed wines, -with-duty formas much spirits as shall lie equal to one-fixlh paTt of the said last-menrioned wadi; and upon any decrease of Anglings or low wines, being the first extraction of wadi made from corn/shall charge such difliller with duty for as much spirits as. shall be equal-to two-fifths offucil Anglings or low wines; and upon any decrease 0: Anglings or low wines, being the first extraction from wadi made 'from sugar moiaffes, or decayed wines, with duty for so much spirits as 'shall be equal to one-half of such Anglings or low wines, and the officers of excise, making returns of the quantities of spirits distilled by any distiller, und of lire duties thereon, shall make such returns accordingly, and the difliller shall pay the duties so charged and returned, and when any'still shall be charged with pot-ale or walk made from corn, such officer shall charge the difliller with duty -for as much spirits as shall be equal to one-ninth of the quantity which such still shall be capable of containing; and where any Hill shall be- charged with pot-ale or wash made from sugar, molasses or decayed wines, such officer shall charge the difliller with duty for as much spirits as shall be equal to- one-sixth part of the quantity which such still shall be capable of containing, deducting in both cases one-seventh part of such quantity, for liberty for such still to work -, and when -any still shall be charged with singlings, or low wines,.extracted from wash made from corn, such officer shall charge the difliller with duty for as much spirits as shall be equal to two-fifth parts of the quantity which such still shall be capable of containing; and where such 'still-shall-be-xharged with singlings, or low wines, extracted from wash made from sugar, moiaffes or decayed wines, such officer shall charge the difliller with duty for as much spirits as shall be equal to onc-half of the quantity

which

The Fortieth Year of George III. )93

which such still shall be capable of containing, deducting in A.D. both cases one-twelfth part of such quantity for liberty for such still to work; and the officers of excise making returns of the quantities of spirits distilled by any difliller, and of the duties thereon, shall make such returns accordingly, and such difliller shall pay the duty so charged and returned.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every difliller of fpi- Charge* n« rits who Aral I have any still of three thous.ind gallons con- gi’fo3^ tent or upwards, shall he charged with and pay excise in "'""k respect of each and every such still for fifteen charges of low wines for tvrenty-five working days, next after the day on which each such still respectively shall from time to time be unlocked, pursuant to this act, or set at work; and every difliller who shall have any still under three thousand Sll®,"fer

1 1 2009 galloni,

gallons content, and not less than two thousand five hun- ami not left dred gallons content, shall be charged with and pay excise in tu" 2SO0‘ respect of each and every such still for sixteen charges of low wines for twenty-five working days next after the day on which each such still respectively shall be unlocked or let at work, as aforesaid; and every difliller who shall have any Still* min dill under two thousand five hundred gallons content, and d mr'clT' not less than two thousand gallons content, shall he charged t, E" 200°-with and pay excise in respect of each and every such still, for fcvciiteen charges of low wines, for twenty-five working days next after the day on which each such still respectively shall from time to time be so unlocked or set to work as aforesaid r and every difliller who shall have any still under Stiibrndei

2000 Jptl'inj,

two thous.ind gallons content, and not less than one thousand not left fund five hundred gallons content, shall be charged with and ll,;""->00, pay excise, in respect of each and every such still, for eighteen charges of low wines, for twenty-five working days raxt after the day on which each such still respectively shall from time to time be unlock.-d or set to work, as aforesaid j sad every difliller who shall have any still under one thou-find five hundred gallons content, and not less than one and mu left thousand gallons content, shall be chargeable with, and pay " excise in respect of each and every such still, for twenty charges of low wines, for twenty-five working days next after the day on which each such ftiil respectively shall be unlocked or set at work, as aforesaid; and the quantity of spirits for which such difliller shall be charged with duty ciiarged. Vol. XX.9P

Charge upon Hills under i coo gal Ions, mul not Icfs than 500.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

in respect to every such charge of low wines as aforesaiti, shall be, if such low wines shall have been extracted from wadi made from corn, two-fifth parts of the quantity which such fliH shall be capable of containing; and if such low wines shall have been extracted from sugar-molnftes or decayed wines, one-half of the quantity which ev-ry such Kill; shall be capable of containing, deducing in boih cases one-twelfth- part for liberty for every such still to work, and every difliller shall be charged with, and pay excise in the like proportion, in respect of the contents of his or her still or dills, respectively, for every subsequent day until the time of discontinuing to work with such dill or dills, which shall be specified in any notice which shall be given to tli chief commissioners, collator, surveyor, and ganger, purfti ant to this act, of such difliller’s intention so to difrontinue and until the works in which his, or her still or dills respectt-ively, is, arc, or shall be set, shall be taken down, and nn til such still or dills shall be locked as by this act is directed and shall also he charged and pty excite for as much more poi-nlc, wash, low wines, Anglings, or spirits after the rate aforesaid, as be or (he shall diflil within fuel) twenty-five working days, and every such subsequent day, over and above the respective quantities aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every difliller who shall have any still under one thousand gallons content, and not less than five hundred-gallons content, shall be charged with and pay excise in -respect of each and every such- stili, for - twenty-three charges-of low wines, for twenty-five working , days next after the day on which each such-still respectively shall from time to time be unlocked or set at work, as aforesaid; and every difliller who shall have any still under live hundred gallons content, and not less than two hundred gallons content, shall be charged with and pay excite in respect ct each and every such -still for thirty charges of low wines for every twenty-five -working days next after the day on which each-such (till, respectively -shall be unlocked or let at work, as aforesaid; and the quantity of spirits for which such difliller shall be charged with duty in respt’dl to every such charge of low wines as aforesaid, shall be, if fneli I'1"' wines shall be extracted from wash made from corn, ttvfl-fifth parts of the quantity which such still shall be cap 'bio

contain

795

A.D. 1800.

1S00. Chap. 67,

The Fortieth Year of ueorgc III.

containing; and i-T such low wines shall have been extracted from sugar-molasses or decayed wines, one-half of the quantity which every- such still shall be capable cf containing, decocting in both cases one-twelfth part of such quantity for iihnty for every such still to work, and every distiller shall be charged with and pay excise in like proportion in respect tn the contents of his or her still, for every subsequent day until the time of discontinui'ig to work with such still or iiills, which shall be specified in any notice which shall be pven to the chief commissioners, collector, surveyor, and ganger, pursuant to this act, of such difliller’s intention to discontinue, and until such Hill or dills respectively shall be lacked, and the worm or worms of such Hill or flills respectively displaced and removed out of the worm-tub or worm-tubs thereunto belonging, as by this act is directed, and shall also be charged with and pay excise for as much more pot-ale, walh, low wines, Anglings, or spirits, after the rate slorcsaid, as he or she shall distil within such twenty-five working days, and every fuel) subsequent day, ovc-r and above the respective quantities aforesaid.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any officer of excise, tliall find any still at work, and the distiller, or any perforr employed by him or her, shall refuse to declare what is then in the still, it shall be lawful for such officer of excise to charge the distiller as if such still was filled with Anglings or Ciiargeic low wines, and such distiller shall pay the duties accordingly; l"'

and if any distiller, or any person employed by him, wko bbu-ir Ihill drew the dock of such distiller to any officer c-f excise, iatlitlli!. shall declare any part of such distiller's flock to be faints, and that it shall be found that nine gallons thereof jit .11 produce more than otic gallon of proof spirits, then and in such case, all the liquors so declared as faints, or found, not having been shewn or declared, shall be forfeited, and tile p.-rfon so offending, shall forfeit twenty shillings for every three gallons thereof; and if any distiller, or his or her fcivant, shall itrengrti of declare that any still of fuel) distiller is charged with, or distilling faints, such distiller, or his or her servant, Hull, at ,l;rc111-the request of such officer of excise, work off the contents of such still in the presence, and according to the direction of such officer, without flopping it, or caofitig it to run j P 2 foul.

79® The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

foul, and shall put the produce thereof into a vessel or vef-

' ^00- fcls capable of containing not less than one hundred gallons

each, as such officer shall dircd, without wilfully walling , or destroying any part thereof; and if it shall be found that the produce of any such still shall amount to more proof ' spirits than one-ninth part of the content of such Hill, allowing onc-seventh of the content thereof for working, such

distiller shall, for every gallon of proof spirits so produced,

over and above the said ninth part, forfeit twenty ftiillings,

the ffrength of such spirits and such liquors as shall be d;-. dared as faints to be determined by the hydrometer used for

proving the strength of imported spirits; and if it shall bs . found that either salt, ftigar, syrup, or any glutinous matter shall be mixed wit!) any spirits, or any liquor declared as faints, so as to prevent their strength from being ascertained by the hydrometer, or otherwise,- the difliller in tvhofe custody such liquor declared as faints, and so mixed, or such spirits so mixed shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, together with such liquor or spirits; and if fuel) distiller, or his servant or servants, shall refuse to work off such still, or shall flop it when set to work, or shall spill or destroy any of the produce, or canfe fuclh still to run foul, such distiller shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall make use of any still of the content of one llionfand gallons, or upwards, shall, on payment of the duties on Allowance# all wadi distilled in every such still, be allowed out of such aMmon'0 duties; at the rate of sixteen pounds'^/- centum of such Sum of ^UI'es > an^ every distiller who shall make use of any still of five hundred gallons, and under one thousand gallons, shall, on payment‘of the duties on all wadi distilled in every such still,' be allowed out of such duties, at the rate of eight pounds fer centum of such duties.

Weekly

XXXII. And be it enadecl. That every difliller of spirits payment# 10 shall, under his or her hand, or the hand of some person for "’horn he or (lie shall be responsible, weekly, that is to: say, on or before Saturday in every week, make true entry at the excise-office ia which such distiller shall carry on the business of diHilling, of the quantity of spirits for which such distiller is or shall by law be chargeable with duty, for and during the week ending Saturday next preceding, and

" shall

The Fortieth Year of George III. 797

shall at the same time pay and clear off the whole of the ex- A.D. cife, by him or her payable for the fame, upon pain of for- J^00’ feiting twenty pounds for every omission, neglect, or default of such entry or payment, together with a sum equal to double the duty which shall befrom time to time returned by the gauger or gaugers, to have been incurred by such distiller for such week, which entry and payment of the duty, at the time and in the manner herein mentioned, shall be in lieu of the entry and payment of duty enjoined by any law or laws heretofore made; and the said penalty on default shall be in lieu of all penalties for default of weekly entry, and payment of duty for spirits, imposed by any law or laws heretofore made.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That as often as any officer of excise shall make out any return of the quantity of fpi-.. lits which any distiller from corn-waffi shall have distilled, or shall have been chargeable with within any period, and of the duty payable for the fame, in order that such return may be a charge against fudh distiller, the officer or officers of excise shall take an account of all malt consumed by fuel) Ofarm distiller in making of the quantity of spirits comprized in or ,n imit such return, as well malt which shall have been made by SijjSim*1 such distiller, as malt which such distiller shall have received by permits, which account shall be made out from the per- mits granted for conveying such malt from the mah-stores into the distillery df such distiller; and if any distiller shall ibander not make it appear by such permits that he hath consumed in ".ill,'" his distillery, in making of the quantity of spirits comprized fp"lt' in such return, one barrel of malt for every fourteen gallons of spirits, every such distiller shall in every such return be charged with {rich further sum as shall be equal to the duty of she quantity of malt which shall be deficient of the said quantity of one barrel to -every fourteen gallons of spirits, and such further sum shall be returned by the officer of excise, and the same shall be a charge on such distiller, who shall pay the same within seven days after such return shall Dirj tci,-have been made, and in default thereof shall forfeit the Softer"-! sum of twenty pounds, and double the amount of the duty returned; and if the quantity of spirits made from such A(H;i;UIU| malt shall not amount to the rate of ten gallons of spirits for every barrel of such malt, the distiller, over and above d

798 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the duty of excise for such quantity of spirits as shall fee returned to have been made by such distiller within such period, shall in every such return be charged with such fur-ions of spirits ther sum as shall be equal to the duty on spirits, at the rate

for every bar- t 11 1

taos malt, of ten gallons of spirits for every barrel of such malt, and such further sum shall be returned by the officer of excise,

and the same shall be a charge on such distiller, who shall

pay the same within seven days after such return shall have: been made, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of

twenty pounds, and double the amount of the duty so re-; turned.

XXXIV. And whereas officers of the revenue, in making the returns required by law to be made by them of the . quantities of spirits for Which distillers are chargeable with duty, may erroneously, at different times, return less quantities than such distillers ought to’ be charged with duty for 5 Howcrro. be it enacted, That if any such. error shall be discovered in raadctyoflb any return or returns, the amount of the duty omitted cers ftidl be: in such erroneous return shall be separately returned by an officer of excise to the collector of the district, in the fame

manner as any other return is hereby directed to be made, and the duty therein returned shall be-a charge on the distiller, who shall pay the same within seven days after such return shall be made, or shall forfeit the sum of ten: pounds, and

double the amount of the duty which shall be so- returned. Returns to XXXV. ‘And be it enacted,_ That the gauger, or other

officer when officer of excise, shall, at or after the expiration of the li-and"duty for'’ cen*"e °f- every distiller, ^make.a return to- the collector of the be paidac- . district of all such quantity of spirits or strong waters, and corduigiy. the duties thereon, as, with the quantities comprized in ! former returns of spirits distilled by such distiller during the time his or her license was of force, shall amount to the full -quantities for which such distiller is by this act chargeable with duty in respect of the quantity which his or her (fill or stills may be capable of containing for one hundred and fifty working days; and such return shall be a charge on the dif-. tiller, in the same manner as any return of the officer of excise is by this act made a charge.; and every such distiller shall be charged- with, and be subject to the payment of the .’duties of the quantities expressed in such return, during the period comprized therein, and-shall-pay the duty appearing >4 by The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

by fuel) return te have incurred, at furl) time as by this Act any difliller is required to pay the duties comprized in any return of spirits distilled by him or her, or shall for every default forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, together with a sum equal to double the duty so returned by the gauger, or other officer of excise, to be payable by such difliller.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the tender or payment of any sum short of any duty returned by any officer of excise to be payable by any difliller, shall not exempt such distiller from the payment of any part of any penalty aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Hills, worms, and heads of Hills, and other utensils and vessels for distilling, used in any distillery, into whose hands soeverthe fame shall come, and by what conveyance or title soever the same shall be claimed, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all debts and duties of excise which shall be in arrear, and owing by any person or persons for any spirits distilled or made within such distillery, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons using such distillery, for any offence against the laws of excise, and it shall be lawful in all cases to levy such debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures out of such utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the difliller owing such debts and duties, and incurring such penalties and forfeitures, were respectively the real proprietor of such utensils.

XXXVIII. And to prevent distillers of spirits running in arrear for the duties of excise, and before judgment on any information for the penalties for not paying such duties can be obtained, secretingor carrying away their distilling uten-lils, and the spirits distilled by them, be it enacted, That if any difliller of spirits shall suffer any duty of excise to remain due for three weeks after the fame ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the collcdor of excise; of the distrifl, by warrant under his hand and leal, to empower any person or persons to seize all coppers, Hills, worms, still-heads, and all other vessels and utensils for distilling, used in any distillery belonging to fuel) difliller, so running in arrear, and all spirits in his possession, and to detain the fame until such difliller shall have paid such arrear of excise, and the penalties incurred by default of payment thereof,9Q,2 and

Tender of pirt pavraent ilia! not exempt from penalty.

All Hills, &c. Sec. Ih.ill be liable to arrears of duty and penalties, wherever found.

Spit its and lUctifib may

lie frizedulien

Ally is $ weeks in at*

'\Vl»t shall be done by collegers when fuVn seizures arc made.

Dtilillcrsmay . get permits for so much of /pints, so ici/td as they pay for.

Inuhat tune j.nt.aJc and vafh /hall-be Milled.

The Fortieth-Year of George III.

and if such excise and penalty shall not be paid within the lime prescribed by the laws of excise, after judgment shall be obtained on any information for such penalties, all such utensils and vessels, and spirits, shall be sold by public cant, by virtue of a warrant on such judgment, and if after payment of such penalties, together with the «ofts and expencts erf " such seizure and detention, there shall be any surplus of the produce arising from the sale of such utensils and vessels, and spirits, such surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to the distiller whose utensils, vessels, or spirits shall be sold as aforesaid; provided that where any such seizure and detention shall be made, and the collectdr causing the I fame torbe made shall not, within fourteen days after the making thereof, cause an information to be filed for the penalty for not paying the arrear of excise alleged to be due, and shall not cause the lame to be proceeded on :in such manner as that judgment may be pronounced thereon, within thirty-one days after the making of such seizure, then and i-n either of such cases, and not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the distiller whose utensils and vessels, or spirits, shall have been so seized and detained, to retake the fame, by virtue of replevin, in such manner as replevin may be made of any goods distrained for rent: 'provided also, ‘that where any such seizure of spirits shallibc made, dt shall be lawful for the distiller whose spirits shall have been so seized, to obtain permits for conveying away -any of such spirits upon his having paid to the collector towards discharging such ar-rear, the value of such spirits as he shall desire to remove,

: and the fame may accordingly be removed.

XXXIX. And to prevent distillers from keeping their "’backs or vessels filled -for many weeks, 'under pretence that "their pot-ale'orwa/hrequires a length of time for the proper-fermentation thereof, by which means they frequently work -off the contents of such backs privately, and replace the fame with concealed pot-ale or wash; be it enacted, That all pot-ale orwafii made of corn, which shall not have been distilled in seven days, 'including the day of brewing, 'and the day of'distilling; and all sugar wa/h, and wadi made of molasses, which shall not be distilled in fourteen days, -including the day of breaking down the molasses or fugat - with water, and the day of distilling, and all wnfli made of

fwcct

The Fortieth Year of George III. 801

tv/eet waters, which shall not be distilled in fcycn days, in- A.D. eluding the day of receiving, and the day of distilling the J^oo. fame, shall be contidered as new pot-ale or wadi, and charged Viilh duty accordingly.

XL. And be it enacted, That no distiller shall keep in CWntief his or her possession, or shall make use of any back or other eIS) &c. vessel for fermenting any pot-ale or wadi, which shall not contain four hundred gallons at the lead, or shall put into or frt in any back, cooIct, or other vessel at any one time a smaller quantity of wort or pot-ale, or wadi of molasses or fa^ar, than four hundred gallons, or make use of any vessel to contain low wines or Anglings, which shall be of less content than the full charge of his or her Hill, in which such low wines or Anglings shall be distilled, or shall make use of a second vtfTel for putting low wines or Anglings in, un-kfs the first shall be full of low wines or Anglings, on pain of fn foiling the fnm of ten pounds for each and every of the kid offences.

XLI. And be it enacted, That no distiller. so long as he or/he shall have any wath or pot-ale of corn on hand, Uni! set, have, or keep any molasses, or roolafles-wash, sugar-wash, or Tweet water, and if any molasses, ormulaflcs-w.illi, sugar-waili, or sweet water, and w.ifh of pot-ale of corn, shall be found on the fame day in the possession of any distiller, all such wadi and pot-ale shall and may be fpilli'd by any officer of the revenue, and the distiller, in or at whose distillery or distilleries, or in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of fifty

Distillerc

shall mu have iwfli or pot-slt\ of c»n ti, or nwtaffes, or sweet wath at fame time.

pounds.

XLII. And for preventing difiillers from taking in wadi M.nicci-privatcly prepared, and charging their fiills in the officer's atifence, be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits shall, f,!c twenty-four hours at Icaft before receipt of any quantify of wiVj, decayed wines, molasses, or molasscs-wath, sugar-waili, or il.jVoi'cotp fivcct water, or any wash not made of corn into his diflii-lcry, give notice in writing to the gauger or officer of o.'cifc in charge of such distillery, of the pat tirul-r quantity of such decayed wine3, molasses, or molasses-waft:, sugar-water, or ary kind of wash not made of corn, and of the species thereof, and of the time when he or flic intends to receive the same, i

Vol. XX.9S. upon

Penalty for. {Milling from natures*

Cnffts of spirits to t:e counted to of*

ficcra by distillers or their i fsrvants.

Coolers to

i be fiiiU'tied ns hen-in, ami nut to be aimed without ;uniec.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

open-pain of forfeiting for every time he or file shall neglect to give'such notice, the’bum of fifty pounds.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That if any pot-ale or wash in which there shall be-.any mixture of corn and tnolhffes,or molasses-wash, or-sugar, -or sweet water shall be-foond in or at the distillery of any distiller of spirits, or in any place adjoining thereto, or in the possession of any distiller, or if any spirits shall be found distilling or distilled from any such mixture, the.distiller fliifll, as often as the same shall be so-found, forfeit the sum of one hundreffponnda; and upon the trial of any information for the said penalty, the'defendant or defendants therein shall be convicted, uilless proof shall be made by him or them, that the pot-ale or wash, in respect of which such information shall be brought, did not contain any such mixture as shall be alleged-in the information, or that the spirits were not distilling or distilled from any such mixture, as the case may be.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That every distiller, his or her-servant, Who shall shew his or her flock to any officer of excise, shall count all the calks -of spirits, and declare the number thereof to the officer taking an account of the fame, and in case, such distiller, or his or her servant shall-refusefo to do, he or she shall-forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds; and if after such declaration as aforesaid, any of the cables which shall have been-declared to contain spirits, shall be found to be empty, or to contain any other liquor or thing, fa.ve only spirits, or if more calks than one shall be found not to be full, or if a greater number of casks. shall be found than-have been so -declared, such diilil-lcr shall forfeit for every cask so found not correspondinf; with such declaration, the sum of five pounds.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any distiller shall, in brewing or distilling, make use of any cooler which shall not be ferevved down, or otherwise fattened to beams firmly fixed at both ends, in the wails of his or her still-hotife, or house uferi for brewing' pot-ale, or in some other firm or substantial work, or shall alter or suffer the level, situation, or dipping-place of any cooler or back by him or made use of, or the beams that support the fame, after having been so fixed as aforesaid, to be altered-without having given four days .5 notice

The Fortieth Year of George III. 803

notice thereof to the officer or gauger of the walk in which A.D. such distillery shall be carried on, or if any distiller shall use a I®°°' cooler through the center whereof there shall not be erected and constantly kept fixed, lengthways, from one end to the other, a firm frame or'Sage of wood, at lead eighteen inches j '* Teal in breadth, and of thickness sufficient to prevent the fame from bending or swinging, from which the officer of excise may gauge the liquor in such. cooler, or if there shall not be a firm hand-rail of the length of such stage, and conveniently placed in respect thereto, or if any di Hiller, on demand of any officer of excise made to him or her, or to the person attending to shew his or her (lock, shall noffurnish, or enufe to be furnished, a strong and safe ladder with steps four SicpJjiideri inches broad, or shall not have provided a hand-rail, or rope i-jpeatobe in the nature of a hand-rail, conveniently placed with re-speQ to such ladder, of length sufficient to enable such officer to afeend to such cooler, and fix the fame at the dipping piece thereof, every distiller so offending in any of the cases aforesaid shall, for every such offence, forfeit the Turn of twenty pounds.

XLVI. Arid to prevent distillers from having coppers or

vessels for brewing pot-ale, construifted so narrow at the

mouths thereof, that the heads of dills can be placed thereon,

by which such-coppers or other vessels may be used as (fills,

and to prevent them from placing such coppers er brewing-

vessels so near- the worm tubs as that the worms in such tubs

may be easily applied to such coppers when used as dills; be

it enacted, That if any distiller of spirils shall make use of wittimf * . , copnroatthe

or keep any copper or vend for brewing pot-ale, the width mouth m

whereof at the mouth shall be less than the width thereof in ^altti.cr'

any other part of such copper or vessel, every such lMr"-

copper or vessel shall be forfeited, and may be seized,

and the person -using or keeping the same shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds j and if any distiller shall have or ‘ keep any copper or other vessel for brewing

pot-ale, set or placed in any manner other than in such

Situation as that the dill or place where the same shall be Mow ca:,a.

shall be in.

set, or shall Hand, shall be in a direct line between the place tvhcrc such copper or other brewing vefel shall be set or hind, and the place where the worm-tub shall be set or (land, every fuel) distiller, for every time such copper or ether brewing velfc! shall be found set or placed in any !? 2 situ.'inn

804

A.D. 1 !>oo. Chap. 67.

S’lirit? to be kept. togr-uVr, in registerjd storci.

Content of Af-. e crifks within 2 miles of Dublin call*’.

tii oilier parts

not lc fs tiiaa

& J^tkeadj.

Dipping places ujijicr-uioit, &e.

Mill*",

not to brew ait* or beer.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ffluation other -than as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every diltiiler shall Itrep his or her (pints together in a ftoie or (lores, in or adjoining'to his or ber-diflilhry, which (lore or llores (ha! be registered with the collector of the district, in manner herein - before mentioned, and no distiller shall make use of any place -for keeping his or her (piths which shall not have been so regideicd; and.if any spirits shall be found in an? (tore or stores of which -fitch registry as aforesaid shall not have been made, all such spirits flidl be forfeited, and may be foisted, and the distiller or distillers to whom the fame i shall belong, shall forfeit for every gallon of such spirits. twenty shillings.

XLVIJ1. And be it enacted, That every distiller whole distillery is or shall be situated in the city of Dublin, 0: within two miles of the castle of Dublin, shall (lore and keep his or her spirits in calks-of the content of not Icfs thin one hundred gallons each; and every distiller tvhofc distii-lery is, or shall be situate in any other part of this kingdom, shall (lore or keep his or her spirits in calks not less than hogfheatis, and every, distiller shall place and ker;i a! his and her calks and vessels in which any spirits shall he stored or kept, or which Hull be made ofc of it: difliiling, in convenient lituntions, with their dipping-pUcc uppern.ofl, and cafy of access, and in such manner that the officers of cx-eife may readily and effectually take the gauge thereof, and every such distiller shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every default or neglect -in any of the said respective cases.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That no-distiller shall brew small beer or ale for sale, and it shall be lawful for any ifficer of excise to charge will).duty as pot-ale, and with, ffr the purpose of diddling, all malt liquors in the poli’eilion u! any distiller, and in case any distiller fli.ill neglect to declare such (mail beer or ale, or malt liquors, as pot-ale, then and in such case such distiller shall be subject to the several penalties to which distillers are liable, for making a ftiort declaration or concealment of wash.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 805

L. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall on any

A.D. 1800.

visit made by any officer-of excise, supply every such officer , * 0' on demand, with sufficient lights for the purpose of searching and gauging all the-flock- on hand, belonging to such distil- bc ler, as well by day as: by night, on pain of forfeiting, for with light*, every such neglect, the fnm of five pounds.

LI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer*

J may viftt Tu*

officer of excise to visit, in the day time, the fogar-houses gafhoufw, belonging to any sugar-baker, and there to take an account of all sugar-wash, and upon any decrease afterwards found there-in, such sugar-baker shall be charged by such officer- with, ler*. and shall pay the duty payable upon wash of molasses by (iiflillers of spirits, unless the fame (Jiall be found to be sold and delivered to a Licensed distiller.'

LII. And be it enacted, That all sugar-walh found at Sugar-waft any sugar-baker’s- within twenty-four hours after'it shall be fcit«uficr taken from the cistern, and not declared to the officer of excise, shall be forfeited,.and maybe seized.

LIII. And be it enacted, That every unlicensed distiller, r«'f®n»li'

able to penal-

jnd every person, except a brazier, having an unlicensed uV*for keep-(till in his possession, and every retailcr-of or dealer in lpi-tits for sale, or other:.person not haying a licehfe to keep a llill, in whose custody shall be found-any quantity of spirits exceeding four gallons, except spirits for which a permit shall be produced, or in whose 'custody, house, ofiiccs, or tenements, any vessel for making spirits,- or any walh-, pot-ale,' or low wines, or Anglings shall b'e founds'shall be deemed a person making use of such vessels for distilling spirits, and concealing or not declaring such spirits, wall), pot-ale,- low wines, or Anglings, as shall be found, and shall be ft)bjefl to -(lie respective penalties to which distillers are liable for using private vessels for making spirits, or-for keeping-spirits in private or tinregiftcred (lores, or for concealing or hot declaring spirits, wash, pot-ale, low wines, - or :iinglings, and all such vessels, spirits, wa(l), pot-ale, low Wines and Anglings, shall be forfeited and seized.

LIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for- any ch> commissioner of excise, or any collator of excise within his iliilrifl, upon application for that purpose, to grant, without out fa, on cn. any fee, a license to any chymist, apothecary, or druggist, u,at "onto keep or make use of one or more (till or dills of such di- l'

806 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

mcnfions, and no other, as shall be specified in such license, I®00‘ for distilling medicinal, compound, or cordial waters only, which license shall be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September following j provided that before any such license shall be granted, every chymist, apothecary, and druggist applying for the fame, shall, previous to the issuing thereof, enter into a bond to his Majesty, with one or more furcty or sureties, in the sum of one hundred pounds, conditioned that he or she shall not didil or fell any spirits whatsoever, other than and except medicinal, compound, and cordial waters; nor lend or let out any such dill to any person whatsoever; and in case the condition of such bond shall at any time be broken, the license thereupon shall, immediately after judgment had, be null and void).

LV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise, or-any three or more of them, to grant licenses to such persons as they shall think proper, to keep and make use of one or more dill or dills, at their discretion, not exceeding twelve gallons content each, for License for the diddling of medicinal waters, or for making experimenis fidwam, and discoveries in natural philosophy; and every dill which &Cl shall be found in the pofledion of any chymid, apothecary, or druggid, or other person for which such license shall not be produced, shall be forfeited and seized'.

Penalty for

LVI. And be it enacted, That if any distiller of spirils, orfor*'1 his wife or child, or his or her servant, or any person acting officerf1"2 *n his *or her distillery, shall refuse or not suffer any officer of excise, or his assistants, to enter into his or her itoufe, out-house, dore, or other place, whatsoever, where any part of the budness of distilling is carried on, or materials for spirits are kept, or if any such officer, or his affidanis, ‘having entered, shall not be permitted, by any person to gauge the vessels, and take an accoant of dock of malt and spirits of such distiller, or of any liquor or ingredients preparing for or used, or ready to be used in distilling, or to see the whole distilling completely finished, or to take nn account of the liquors diddled, or in the process of distilling, or of the ingredients preparing for distilling, every such distiller into whose house, out-house, dore, or other place where any part of the budness of distilling is carried on, or where any spirks or materials for spirits ate kept, any such 7 officer,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

officer, or his assistants, shall not be admitted, or shall not be permitted to take any of such accounts as aforesaid, or to see the whole diddling completely Anished, shall, for every offence respectively, forfeit one hundred pounds.

LVII. And be it enacted, That as often as any officer or officers of CKcife shall have entered into the distillery or work-house, store, of any other place belonging to any distiller of spirits, such distiller, or his wife or child, or some person employed in such distillery, shall, on demand of any such officer, ftiew, or cause to be shewn to such officer or officers, all the flock on hand of walk, pot-ale, Anglings, or low wines, and spirits belonging to such distiller, and give, or cause to be given to such officer, a declaration of the fame; that is to say, that the flock so shewn is all the fiock of walh, pot-ale, spirits, Anglings, or low wines, and spirits of or belonging to such distiller, on pain of one hundred pounds to be forfeited by such distiller, for every time he or she, or any other person in his or her employment, in his or her distillery, shall refuse or omit on demand to shew or cause to be shewn such flock, or make such declaration, as aforesaid; and if any officer or officers of excise shall, upon search, discover any walh, pot-ale, Anglings, or low wines, or spirits, of the flock then on hand of such distiller, or in the distillery or other place belonging to such distiller, or of any person for his or her use which shall not have been shewn or declared, as aforesaid, or which shall be in any place or store not registered as aforesaid, then all such walh, pot-ale, Anglings, or low wines, and spirits, shall be forfeited, and such distiller shall forfeit for every nine gallons of walh or pot-ale, the sum of twenty /hillings, and for every three gallons of Anglings or low wine9, the like sum of twenty shillings, and for every gallon of spirits, the like sum of twenty /hillings.

LVIII. And whereas distillers of spirits frequently make use of places adjoining their own houses or distilleries, for the purpose of clandestinely brewing, distilling, or concealing their wash. Anglings, or spirits; for remedy whereof be it enacted, That if the owner or occupier of any house, (lore, or other place adjoining to, or in the neighbourhood of the dwelling-house or distillery of any distiller of spirits, or of any servant of the owner or occupier of any such9S 2 house

l’cn&Ur for not fliewin.r flock to officers, or for uot making declaration as herein.

Penalty atui forfeiture on difeiweiinjj ilock not declared.

Officers to he admitted into houlca adjoining distillcrtej, fice.

Officers may break open such places if no person shall attend.

Officers to make satisfaction if no liquor be found.

Penalty on dfltiilir for not giving entrance into places adjoining diflilleries.

Spirits not :o be carried out without notice to officers, unless at hours herein mentioned.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

house or place, shall not on demand of any officer of excise, made in the day time, admit such officer of excise, or shall not allow him to enter and search such house, (tore, or place for liquors or materials for distilling, which any fuel) officer shall have reason or probable cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein, such occupier of such house or other place, shall, in every such case, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LIX. And be it enacted, That if no person shall attend or appear in such house, store, or place as aforesaid, to give entrance to such officer, it shall be lawful for such officer and his assistants, in the day lime, in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, to break open, enter, and make search in such house, (lore, or place for such liquors as aforesaid, which he or they nia'y have reasonable or probable cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein; provided always, That if upon search no fuel) liquor shall be found, such officer or officers shall.repair all the damages done, or make reasonable satisfaction for the same, to the owner or occupier of the premises.

LX. And be it enacted, That if the house, store, or place, broken, or forced, shall communicate with any diflil-lery, or any part of the premises thereunto belonging, and the distiller owning such distillery, or the person who shall shew the flock of fuel) distiller, shall not on demand made, give entrance to any such officer or officers, then, and in every such' case, such distiller shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXI. And be it enacted, That no distiller shall deliver or carry out any spirits to any persons in caflcs, or by the gallon, without notice first given to the officer of excise, for the place or -division where such distiller shall live, to the intent that such officer may be present to fee and gauge such spirits. unless from the twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth day of March, in each year, between the horns of five of the clock in the morning and eight in the evening, and from the twenty-fifth day of TVIarch to the twenty-ninth day of September, in each year, between the hours of three in the morning and nine in the evening, upon pain that

cverv

The Fortieth Year of George III. 809

every distiller doing contrary hereunto, shall forfeit for every A.D. offence the sum-of twenty pounds.

LXII. And be it enafkd, That in case any officer of excise thall not (ret admittance into any distillerv, after hav- , Pnalt>"

0 . J t for not atl-

ing demanded the fame, and declared his and their name and nutting offi-business, and after having waited for the space of an half p'miuL'iT hour after such demand made at thchouseof the dfftiller, or tl,cm 10

account*.

at the gate or door of the distillery, or if any such officer having entered,' shall not be permitted to vicwTuch distillery, and every store thereunto appertaining, or to gauge or take ' an account of the liquors contained therein, or of the com or malt in process of making into spirits, or other wise, such distiller shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every i'uch offence.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That as often as the trade of distilling shall be exercised, or carried on by, or in the name, or for the use-of any person under the age of twenty-one years,’ such person'shall be liable to the payment of all du- Dlftiifort tics of excise, and of all penalties and forfeitures that may ?^ t(> be incurred, and become payable by any law relating to 'the penalties, &c. excise, and be subject to such regulations and restrictions as fully,' to all intents and purposes, as if such persons were adult, and of full age.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That no distiller of spirits shall have or1 keep, or permit or suffer to be kept, any fire Nofirc under any' still in his distillery, between the hour of ten in the afternoon on any Saturday, and the hour of four in the Sa,u.rlll,^,

/ ' evciimt; to 4

morning on any Monday, on pain of forfeiting for every on Monday such offence the sum of fifty pounds. taoimi.g.

LXV. And be it enacted, That every distiller shall keep in his or her distillerv such minute book as shall be delivered to such distiller by the surveyor or other officer of excise, PirtiiL-re which hook shall be safely kept b'y every distiller, and in which ncic'i»«,ks such officer or officers shall make true entries of all the times f"rofficOT K'

make enlrtr,

of his or their visiting such distillery, and of all such other viiich they particulars relative to the slate and condition of such distil- quartviiy w

lery as lienor they shall find necessary and expedient, or he or they shall be directed by any superior officer to enter therein, and such distiller shall, on the twenty-fifth day of March, the twentyifourth-day of June, the twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-fifth day of December, in Voi,. XX.9T every

fuivcyois-

&iO The- Fortieth Tear, of George, lit.

A.D. every year, ...deliver to the surveyor-of excise such book, and \1800. incafeany cJiftiHer-to. Vvhom' such book, shall be tendered by any officer of -excise, (hail-refuse to receive the-fartie, orhav-

i ing received- the -.fame, shall wilfully tear, -deface, or alter f fu,ch.book, ior cause. the same to be torn, defaced, or al-i tered,- or shall make,-.or cause to be made, any entry-therein,

or in case such distiller, or any- person employed by him or: her, to attend.his or her distiller.y, shall, at any time when !- required by any-tjfficer of excise, refuse -to produce such book to'..such officer,:, for the purposes aforesaid, or shall i.neglect to deliver such book at the.times--aforofiid to the ( surveyor of excise, that then and in every such case, such > distiller ..(halt for every such offence forfeit the sum of two

hundred pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That no person.' shall harbour, keep, or conceal, or shall. knowingly permit to be. harboured, kept cr - Tenalty f r'concealed, or shall give any aid or assistance, or reward to any -tiarboiiring, person or persons to harbour, keep, or conceal in any out-house, concealing! turffta'ck, hay-rick, or other place or..places whatsoever, anyfpi-win«f&°W" T‘t8> *ow'vv‘nes) Anglings,-wash, or pot-ale,- which shall have been for which unlawfully made or distilled, and whereof the duties due and pay-paid. ms notable thereon shall not have been paid or secured according to law;

and if-any person- shall 6(fend in the premiles; thenand in any of the said cases every such person who shall give assistance to, ot . -aid in any of such concealments, shall forfeit the sum of five

-pounds, - and all such spirits,-- low -wines, Anglings,- wash and pot-ale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That where any (till, not licensed as

aforesaid, has been or shall be seized, the sum of twenty pounds Hull ' be recovered in manner herein after mentioned, that is to (ay: if such

still shall be seized in any county of a.city or.county of a town, or the liberties thereunto belonging, then the said sum of twenty pounds shall be recovered from the inhabitants of the parish or part of-a parish, or union, or extra-parochial place in such county of a city or county of a town, in which such Hill has been or shall be seized; anil if such still-/hall be. seized in any county at large, then the said sum of; twenty pounds shall be recovered, from the inhabitants of the torn

or town-land in such county at large in which such still has been or shall be seized; and every such sum, when recovered, shall be applied as herein after mentioned, that is to say: one moiety of

every such sum, deducting the cods of recovering the fame, as

7 he Fortieth Year of George1 III- Sit

ilfall-be recovered on account of-any dill ieized in the county of A.D. the city of Dublin, or the liberties- thereunto belonging, or the fic0> county of Dublin,shall be paid to the treasurer of the heuse of indullry-in Dublin, for the life of the said house, and the other Appliratiwi moiety to the person who- Hull1 have' seized such Tull; and one moiety of every such firm, over and above such colls-as aforesaid which shall be recovered on account of any (bill seized' in any ether part of this kingdom, shall be paid to the treasurer -of the public infirmary or hospital for the county in which such still ffia'1 he Ieized, for the use of-such infirmary-or hospital, and the other moiety to the person who shall have seized tl;e fame: Provided always,' That such dill shall have been condemned on an infor- na*n of f«h mation in the excise office of the didrift- in which the fame shall

np;:trai.»

be seized: And-provided nlfo,t That in cases where there ihdil have.t!wu-(Vra. been any claim, the time for appealing-from any judgment of the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners condemning such dill Hull have elapsed, or the sentence of condemnation be affirmed, before any proceedings - shall be had for recovery of any such fain.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That tire fald commissiorters or sub- On ulna commissioners, of the didrift in which such dill- shall be condemn- coin ntlfion-eJ, shall give a certificate, setting forth the particular city, town,-^0^'’* or county and parish, or union, extra-parochial place or' liberty. S' c town or town-land where such dill was seized, and the name of uajs am con-the person who seized the fame, and that such dill 'hath been condemned pursuant to law, and - at what time the fame had been condemned, and whether such still had been claimed by any person or persons, and if claimed, whether any-appeal had been brought againd such condemnation, and if such' appeal Avail have been brought, whether the sentence ot condemnation had been iSrmed; provided always, that no certificate Hull be granted,

‘.mid's it shall have been proved on the hearing or trial of the information on which such condemnation was had, that eight days previous to such hearing or trial, notice oi the time and place oi nidi hearing or trial was polled on the chit roll of the parillt or union in which such dill had been seized, or if seized in any place not within a parish or union, or any place where there Avail not be a pariAl church, that such notice was left at tlvc dwtliing-houses of two inhabitants of such place, not being revenue officers, which notice shall also specify the time and place of the icizure of the dill therein mentioned; and the chief commissionevs or fub-commissioners, respcfrively, who shall hear or try Inch information, shall cause any person or persons to be fworu to give9T a true

' 8l2

A.D. 1800.

Chap.- 67

' *How/nch. sums n.a)l be recovered.

'Certificate of condemnation of a still shall be sufficient evidence, nnJefs c Uufion 13 proved.

Inhabitants not to be jurors on such trials.

Plaintiffs to give receipts to defendants c;t (irpoliting

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

-true evidence on such. hearing or trial, and if it shall appear that: any fraud or collusion was practised for unfairly subjecting the in- habitants-of..-any parish, or union,- part -of- a'parish,' or union, extra-parochial, or other place, or of any town or town-land, to the sum by this act to-be recovered for the dill seized therein, then and in such case no certificate shall -be given.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That -every such sum shall be sued for and recovered in the-name-of such person-as-shall sue for the same, by civil :bij], before the chairman and: justices for the respective-counties,- at the sessions for the peace -within which such; still or stills'shall be found respectively,- -or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, - as- to all stills found as- aforesaid, within the said city, expressing particularly the cause of action, and that the fame'is founded on this act, and the place where the urilicenled -still was.seized, and to be brought against any three.inhabitants of, or occupiers of land' in tile parish or union, extra-parochial, or other place or town-Iand-in- which such-still hath been-or shall he seized, and in the same manner as any debt or demand- of the fame amount may be sued for - and recovered by. civil-bill; provided that- no appeal shall be brought from- any decree on any civil bill, unless the fame shallbc brought before the-holding-of the next ensuing- affixes.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the-aforesaid. certificate of condemnation of any such still shall be sufficient-. evidence to entitle the p’aintiff in such civil bill, to.sue for,-and recover the sum for which such civil bill shall be brought, pursuant- to this act, ami such plaintiff shall thereupon Obtain a decree1 for the fame, with the costs allowed by law in such cases against such inhabitants or occupiers of land as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved oil behalf of such inhabitants or occupiers that fraud or collusion was practised by the person who seized such still, for the purpose of subjecting the inhabitants or occupiers of land in the parish, or-union, extra-parochial, or other place or town, or town land,- to such penalty; provided always, that if the recorder, or chairman who shall.try such civil bill, shall find it necessary to impannel a jury to try the fad or collusion, no inhabitant or occupier of land, in the parish, or part of the parish, or union, or extra-parochial place, or of the town, or town-land in which stills shall have been; seized, shall be capable of serving as a juror on any jury so impannelled.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That if the defendants in such civil bill, or any of them, shall pay the sum decreed thereon, or if such- sum shall be levied by virtue of any decree on such civil bill,

the

The Fortieth Year of George III. 813

A.D. 1800.

the; vitti:’ therein shall, if required by the defendants or defen-

dane v.i; shall have paid such sum, or from whom the same shall I boo.

have been levied, give such defendants or defendant a receipt upon the back of Inch decree, for the sum so paid or levied, and upon money with liicii defendants, or defendant depositing the fame with the trea- ,.|"10 fluinirti-hirer of the city, town, or county in which the parish, or union, part of a parish, or union, extra-parochial, or other place, town, much on in-or town-land shall lie, in which such still shall have been seized, tolMl:m's' inch treafitrer shall, and he is hereby required, immediately after the next following Easter or Michaelmas term, if such parish, or union, e;<-ra-parochial, or other place, town, or town-land, shall be fmtated in the county of Dublin, or in the county of the city i f Dublin, or if in any other part of this kingdom, immediately after the next following assizes, to issue his warrant to such person as shall then be empowered to collect any monies presented by the grand jury of the county of a city, county of a town, or county it large of the place where such still shall have been seized, authorizing such collector to collect and levy from the inhabitants or land-holders of the parish, or union, or part of a parish, or union, extra-parochial, or other place, town-, or town-land, in which inch ilill shall have been seized, the sum appearing by such decree and receipt to have been decreed and paid, or levied, together with inch poundage or receiver’s fees for his own use, :s such collcdor is entitled to on collecting any other public money, in the same manner as if such sum had been presented by the grand jury of the county; and such collector shall have the fame power to proceed in the applotment of such sum on the inhabitants or landholders of the parish, or union, extra-parochial, or other place, town, or town-land, and to levy the same in the same manner as any money presented by the grand jury of the county, and every such collector shall be accountable for the fame in the manner as for any public money for which he may be accountable, and such treasurer shall pay the money so levied to the defendants or defendant in the civil bill, who shall have paid the money decreed thereon, or from whom the same shall have been levied, and such treasurer shall be liable and compellable to pay the same, in the same manner, as any public money presented to be paid to any person- or persons.

LXXII. And in order to reimburse the several inhabitants or landholders from whom any money shall have been raised, by virtue of such warrant from any treasurer as aforesaid, the money'

Owner* of

paid by them respectively; be it enacted, That it shall and may f,di itiiUmay le lawful for every inhabitant and landholder, who shall have paid Vol. XX.9U any

' S yean.

814 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

any such money at any time within three years from the time i Soo. of collecting the fame, to sue by civil bill the person who was the owner of the ftih, on account of which such money was so levieil, or in whose tenement the fame was seized, for the money paid by them respectively on account thereof, and every such inhabitant or landholder shall recover and levy the same, in the same manner as any debt or demand in ordinary cases recoverable by civil bill may be recovered and levied, rccowrcdts'

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, pe-by 14 and 15 naltics, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and except otherwise such as are by this act otherwise provided for, shall and may he

S'fikt5 f°ecl ft>r) recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form,

remedy of and by such ways and means, and with such powers and autho-by^iny oilier ritics as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act revenue net. of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Maje'fty- Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rata therein infer ted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Iviajel-ty’s revenue of excise, as fully and effectually, to all intents, con-ltructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, and expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

Distillery

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day and aft'of 3’ of September, one thousand eight hundred, an act passed in the last session thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for rt-fihMbc'n.gtdaling the trade of a difliller, and for securing the duty on lumt-‘ made spirits, and also an act passed last session of parliament for raveaitore- amending and continuing the said act, shall Hand repealed, save ndSS&c. 1 as to the remedies thereby given for prosecuting, suing for, and cmimdttciT recovering any penalty or forfeiture, for any offence committed, before said or to be committed before the said first day of September, Jly' one thousand eight hundred, against the said acts or either of them.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue to be of

In force to

29 Sep. 1801, force until the twenty-ninth day or September, one thousand eight

n«t'session. hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, atui no longer.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

CHAP. LXVIII.

In'jicl for hitter regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Excise-sthle Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in, or Retailers of such Goods,

Friday thefrjt Jay of Auyrf., me thnfand eight hundred, Royal AJenl given.

JOHN CAY1IR, 1>. CI.RR. TArL.

OR the better regulating the bluing and granting of permits Preamble, and certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain exciseable goods herein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of such goods; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all wines in Article! here-calks, bottles, jars or other vessels, any quantity of brandy, or m^be'tsUai other foreign spirits, nr spirits made in Ireland, exceeding four ’/j' gallons; all tobacco or fntiff above the weight of two pounds; one place to coflee exceeding two pounds weight; malt exceeding fix Rones out p.nn;t!. weight; lugar exceeding in weight fifty-six pounds, foreign silks in whole pieces, and East India goods, other than spiceries, and except tea, not exceeding in weight two pounds, that shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any part or place in Ireland, to any other part thereof, whether from any part of any city or town to another part thereof, or from one town or place to another town or place, may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, and shall be forfeited, imless the carrier or perl'on conveying the fame, or the person in whole possession the same shall be, shall, on demand made by any officer of excise, produce a permit or let-pass, under the hand of a proper officer of the revenue, authorising the removal of such goods.

II. And be it enacted, That all permits or Iet-pafles shall be How per-written, staraped, or printed in plain legible characters, and shall contain such particulars as shall, from time to time, be directed Ptc£> *"4

r ’ ’ what shall be

by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more ot expressed them, and also the several following particulars, that is to say,ticra"' the date, the number, and the district whence issued, and the place to which the goods therein mentioned are intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the marks, weight, pack -9U 2. age

8i5

8i6

A.D. 1800. Chap. 68.

Goods sent to any other person or place than named In per* mtt fhalbbe forfeited.

Erafurcs, &c.

Casks and jnekages may be seized.

Cars and horfus conveying Irish spirits without permits may be fizzed, and porter or carman forfeit 5l.

Persons' Tf\io counterfeit permits, &c. See. or use them, shall be transported.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

age and quantity of goods intended to be conveyed under such permit, as exactly as the case will’admit of, and shall likewise contain the real names and surnames and place of abode of the perl'on or persons fending such goods and commodities, and of the person or persons to whom intended to be lent; and in case any fictitious name or names, or the name of any person to whom the goods mentioned in any permit shall not be intended to be sent shall be inferred in any permit or permits, or in case the goods shall be delivered to any other person, or at any other place than to the perfotl and at the place mentioned in the permit, the goods mentioned therein shall be forfeited; and at the foot of every permit shall likewise be mentioned some reasonable limited time for such permit to be of force for the conveyance of such goods, from one place to another, and after the expiration of such limited time, such permit or let-pass shall not lie of force for protecting the conveyance of such goods, and the same shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and every permit in which there shall be an erasure, interlineation, or alteration, Hull be null and void, and the goods conveying or conveyed, for the protection of which any' erased, interlined, or altered permit shall be produced, shall be forfeited and seized.

III. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any goods shall be forfeited, and may be seized, the calks, vessels, or packages containing the same shall also be forfeited, and may be seized; and where any spirits or strong waters made in Ireland found conveying from one place to another without a permit shall be seized, the cart, car, or other carriage, and the horse and horl’es drawing or carrying the fame, shall also be forfeited, and may be seized, and the porter or carman conveying the same shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, shall fusser three months imprisonment.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time counterfeit or forge any permit, let-pass, or coast. cockct for the carriage of goods, or shall counterfeit any impression, (lamp, or mark provided or appointed, or to be provided or appointed by the commissioners of Ins Majesty's excise or customs for the time being, or any three or more of them, to be put to or upon such permit, let-pass, or coast cocket, or shall. make use of any such counterfeit or forged permit, let-pass, or coast cocket, with such counterfeit impression, (lamp, or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeited, such person or persons being thereof legally convicted,- shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the (pace of seven years.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 817

V. And be it enacted,' That on oath made by the carrier or A.D. pa-ion in who'fe possession any goods for-which a permit shall have teen granted shall be found, of the loft of such permit, and by

die person who ilia'll have sent such goods under such permit, be- Proof of fore any commissioner or fub-commissioner ,of excise, that such permit svas taken out, and was not used, or intended to be used, m his knowledge or belief, fraudulently., to cover or protect any other goods, but was-taken out for the particular goods so seized, in such case, the entry from such permit in the-books of the proper officer, or a copy thereof duly attested, ‘shall ‘be 'evidence of inch permit having been taken out, and such goods shall thereupon lie relieved to the owner or proprietor thereof; provided always, oScennay that if the carriage of such goods shall be prevented from being fully performed within the time limited in such permit, by any j^<kred% unavoidable accident, 'then on notice'being immediately given .'by the owner or carrier of such goods to any officer -of the revenue, amt a rest or stay being made of such goods at or near the place where such accident shall ‘happen, the officer of the revenue to whom such notice strall be given, shall, without delay, repair to the place -where such goods shall then be, and if such officer shall find upon view -or enquiry, that such goods -were flopped or -delayed in their carriage by accident, then such officer shall' thereupon. by endorsement on such permit, enlarge the time for the cjiriage.of such goods to the place -of their lirft dellinacion.; and if any officer of the revenue shall wilfully or negligently omit or rel’use to do his duty therein, according to the diredioqc aforesaid,'officer for such officer shall, on proof being made thereof to ,(he satisfafirion Xt£a,1‘s of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of -them, forfeit the film of ten pounds.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where on proof the carriage -of any goods qr commodities shall by means of any accident be prevented from being performed within the time li- Ee in force mited by the permit, and that fully proved to the satisfaction of or Uine ° ’ the chief commissioners or fub-commissioners of excise, in their respective districts, the permit shall continue and be in force for the carriage of the goods and commodities to the place of their -tlcllinatiou, for such time only, and no longer, as was loft cur delayed by such accident.

VII. And be it enacted, That no officer of his Majesty's reve- Feet to he nue shall demand or receive any fee or reward for any permit, «re'for pt"^ other than - the several fees and rates herein mentioned, that is to mlU-

say, for any permit for any goods under the value of five pounds

Vol. XX.9X one

8.i 8

A.D. 1800.

18co. . Chap. 68.

Certificates to' be given by merchants who import, which shall be equal to permits, except for coffee, tobacco and fjmits.

i col. penalty for giving a cctfifi-cate to a person to whom goods were ' not fold.

Goods mentioned in permits founded on such certificates may be fei/.ed, if not bought from person giving them.

Surplus deemed unduly altered.

Permits to ic lodged 33 herein directed.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

one penny, and for every permit for any goods of the value of five pounds and upwards three.pence.

" VIII, Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for importing -merchants, in ports where tobacco may 4>y,:law be'imported, Co give certificates for all such goods as they shall fell, other than and except coffee, tobacco, anil fpi-fits, to persons-residing within the same port or place where they dlialf -have imported- the fame, of tire several parcels or quantities of goods which they shall have fold, which certificates shall have the fame force aaid effect to protest, such goods within lueh port -or place as-permits' have in respetft to goods conveying or conveyed from one place to another.

IX. And bc-it enacted, That if any person shall give a certificate of having fold any goods to any person or persons, and the goods in such certificate mentioned to -have been fold, shall not -have been actually fold and delivered to - the person or persons named in such certificate, to be the person or persons to whom the goods-were fold, in every such case, the person or persons giving such certificate, shall forfeit- one hundred pounds for every f such offence, and on the trial of any informatian.-.for the aforesaid penalty, the defendant or defendants therein shall be convicted, unless he, she, or -they, prove that the goods mentioned in such certificate were actually, fold and delivered to the person or persons in such certificate named, to be the person or persons to whom the goods were fold.

X. And be it enacted, That all goods mentioned in any permit founded upon any Inch certificate may be.kized, and shall be forfeited, notwithstanding iitch permit, unless such goods shall have been really and bona7?r/e.bou.ght from the person giving such certificate, and in all cases where any person or persons shall give any certificate of having fold any goods to any other person or persons, the quantity of goods mentioned in such certificate.(half be deduced from the credit of the person or persons giving the fame, and all surplus, or exceeding above such credit, which shall be found in the custody or possession of the person or persons giving such certificate, shall be deemed to have been imported and landed, without due entry thereof, and shall he forfeited as such.

XI. And be it enacted, That the person or persons to whom any such goods as aforesaid shall he sent, shall within twenty-four hours, or in case a Sunday or Christmas Day, or Good Friday, shall intervene, in forty-eight hours after the arrival of such goods at the place of their destination, ..or after the expiration of the

The-Fortieth Year of George III. 819

the time limited ia such permit, repair with such permit to the A.D. proper office for granting permits, where an office for that pur- 1' 0o; pose shall be established, nnd lodge the fame with the proper officer in such office, and in all other places to the surveyor or other officer of excise, and shall lodge the fame with hint, and every such officer shall within twenty-four hours after such permit shall he fa oisctr, to lodged with him, carefully examine such goods, and shall without *»>mi:e p«-fce or reward, upon affidavit or oath made by the person to whom such-goods shall be fens,-which oath such officer may -administer, that the goods mentioned in the permit were really and truly brought from the place mentioned in such permit, give the person bringing i'ueli permit a certificate, signed by such officer, that such permit was lodged with him, which certificate shall contain in the body thereof a copy of such permit, without erasure or alteration, and the day of granting such certificate, and fitch certificate shall protect the goods io long as the same shall continue of force.

XII’ And be it enacted, That no certificate shall be in force, ' Certificate or shall protect or cover any goods or commodities for any longer 7&i time than for the space of three months after such certificate shall be granted, and that at or before - the end or expiration of such time, the proper officer shall, upon application made to him for that purpose, grant, without fee or reward, a new certificate for such goods or commodities, or for so much thereof as shall appear to such officer, upon examination thereof, to be on hand and un-disposed of, and at the time of such new certificate being granted, the former -certificate shall be delivered up to the officer granting the fame, and if any goods or commodities shall lie found without such certificate, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, granting or renewing a permit er certificate, to examine upon oath, which oath he is hereby authorized to administer, any person or persons applying for such Permit of permit or certificate, whether the duty was actually paid for the ami^Tpon' goods for which such permit or certificate shall be lb demanded, "k

and as to the identity of such goods, and to all such matters as dull appear to such officer or officers necessary to satisfy him or them, that the duties payable on such goods had been duly paid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any goods or commodities Good«majr shall be found in the possession of any person or persons, after the expiration of twenty-four hours, or forty-eight hours respectively,

p X 2 from not produced.

8a0 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

from the arrival thereof, or from the expiration of thefime limited In the permit by which such goods and commodities were-convey* Chap, 68. e(j to tj,e p]ace where (he fame shall be found, and such certificate as is herein before directed to be given Mi lieu of the permit, shall riot be produced by the personln whose possession such goods and commodities lit ill have been found, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XV. And be it enacted, That every collector who (half grant to gte waif,- a ficen fe to any person to deal in or fell any of the goods afore-fonsfienM ^a'd’ Ihah, at the time of granting such license, give the person . on which cn* obtaining Hhe lame a certificate thereof, which certificate shallj* Adl'bemadc at every time the person or persons so licensed feall'purchase any 'n&a’wtm d*IC*1 e°ods* except ihofc, touching which any. special provision giKnis ate ,is made by any other act or acts of parliament, be produced to jninjoiffl. , |^e fcper (hereof, who shall endorse on such certificate the quantity and quality of such goods, and the marks, numbers and weight thereof, and the time when the -duty thereon was paid, and the . name of - the person to whom the same shall be fold, and the time of such.iale, the place where, and-t-he time when, and the name of the ship in which any of-such foreign goods were imported, and the degrees of-strength of the liquor contained in each calk of foreign spirits, and the feller of any such goods, or iris known --Certificates c*er^» %n such endorsement and such.ceriificate, with fuclt with cmlorfc- endorlements as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper officer for granting a permit for such goods, before he shall grant a permit for the fame, and such officer shall at the time of . granting every such permit, specify in such endorsement the.date and number of the permit, anti the place where the same shall be granted, and the name of the person to whom the goods therein mentioned are to be conveyed, and sign his name thereto, and if, on an examination of such goods by any. officer of the revenue, such endowment shall be found not to correspond with the goods so ex-ariiined, all such goods shall be seized^and forfeited, together with the calks or packages containing the fame, and every such dealer in, or feller of any of the said goods shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, anditwenty-fifihdayof December, or-within ten, days after the-feid days respectively, return to the collector of the dil-to be renewed friff in which-heor (he shall lefide, such certificate,-together with Bombs3, pe- endorsements made thereon; and every such collector shall, naityiool. -L upoiv receiving 1’uch certificate, give a new certificate for the purpose aforesaid, to the person so ticensed, and if any such person I shall omit to deliver up. any such certificate at any of :the times

aforesaid,

iiJCIlk* iu pc

produced to permit uffi-cr», &c.

8 m

A.D. 1800.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

i.-ljlJ, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of r;: bndred pounds; and in cafe"the paper on which any such shall be granted, -shall before any of the said days on . iiieh the fame is hereby required to be returned, be filled up by Newcn-.iii-.h enderfements herein directed to be made thereon, then such g^cd ,o'cn fi.flor lhtil, upon such person delivering tip-to him any such.^Jj"arc a.iticate, with such endowments thereon, grant unto such per-\i a -ive-.v certificate for the purpose aforesaid; mill every such jhitor shall,' upon receiving any such certificate, with such en- crf|,a to ilotfements thereon, enter the fame in a bool; to be kept by'him irautmti cw-for that purpose,- and forthwith transmit every such certificate, commissior.-with theeudorfements thereon, -to the chief-commissioners of’ I113ers'

M.iiefly’s revenue.

XVI. And be it enacted, That: if anryperson so licensed shall not on demand' made by any -officer of the revenue, produce to

Inch officer such-certificate, < with the endorsements, which shall fufingto po-

r rr , , flUCC CCrtfU-

hive been made thereon, or not timer ltich officer to examine the cate, time,' then such person so licensed shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit: the sum- of.one hundred pounds; and in case any tndorfement made on such certificate, shall appear to the commissioners of the revenue', or any three of them,'to have been erased, obliterated, or fraudulently altered, then it shall be lawful for the Ioo, , fiiil commissioners,- or any three of them, to annul or vacate the for waling or iicenfe granted to the person or persons upon whose certificate any fndorfent, tndorfement shall have beenfo erased,obliterated or altered, and the person to whom such certificate,-upon which any eridorfement shall ippear to have been so erased, obliterated, or altered, shall lire been granted, shall forfeit the fain -of one hundred pounds. -J

XVII. And be it emitted, That every person tvbo shall be 11-censed to retail or deal in any of the goods aforesaid, as-often as any officer of-.excise shall attend to examine the fame, after-their - Officrato arrival at the place of their destination, according to the provisions *"j]°ccer. aforesaid, shall produce to such officer the aforesaid certificate of and.

cndoifcmcnu.

iicenfe, with the aforesaid endorsements thereon, and such officer Hull examine such goods, with the said endorsements, and if the poofs produced shall agree in quantity and quality with the - def-tiipdon in such endorsements, and in the permit,' the officer shall like such goods into the account kept by him of the flock of such retailer, who shall be -- entitled to credit for the fame: but if any of such goods shall not so agree, the same shall be forfeited and

aiy be -seized; and in case any retailer of or dealer in any inch goods shall not produce-his laid certificate of-License as often Vot. XX. <) V

as

' Oiacers to kef p accounts offtockin certificate books which shall be kept by rc-, takers.

"TJnilersto give up certificate hooks when they nra filled, Penalty iool.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

as he shall be required by any officer of excise so to do, he or ft? shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every Rich offence.

XVIILiAmL be it cria&ed; That the proper officers of excite shall take an account' of the (lock of all. retailers of and dealers in any such goods as aforesaid, and shall'keep a full and true account thereof, in'a book to be called a certificate book, to be given to such retailer or dealer, and to be kept by him as herein mentioned, and shall ion every visit give-to Rich retailer or dealer an exaftcopy-'of- the account of the (lock foby him taken, and eater the fame in-such book;- and in ali cases where a permit shall k required for the subsequent removal of any -goods, the retailer o; dealer shall ' produce to the permitting-officer his Rid certificate book, and opposite to the officer's account of stock, the retailer or dealer shall enter the quantity of the goods to be permitted, to whom, and where to be sent, and the same shall be ligaed by such retailer or dealer, or by his known clerk; and every retailer or dealcrwho shall reside in any place, except within the distritt of themictropolis, shall, so often as any certificate-book flu! I: filled itvith- entries required to be made therein, deliver the same to thp proper, officer of excise,'. and every, retailer of dealer who shall reside within the district of the metropolis, shall so often ,r. such certificate book, shall be filled with entries as aforesaid, deliver the fame at the'permit-office for the divisiomin which such retailer or dealer, shall refute, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and - no permit shall be granted to carry any of the goods from any.retailer or-dealer,after he-or- (he ought to . have so. delivered such certificate book as aforesaid, until he or she shall have so delivered up. the same.

-'"Permits or

XIX. And be it enacted,: That as often as an account of any br£cdin such-goods shall be: entered, in the certificate-book kept by such certificate retailer or dealer,’-the.permit or certificate from which every such i*r, ’ ' . entry shall have been made, shall be fattened in such certificate

book by the retailer or dealer, and shall- remain fastened therein until the force of such certificate granted in lieu of a permit (lull: have expired,-and a new certificate -shall be obtained in the place of the fame,.for so much of the goods as shall remain on hands . at'-the end of each quarter, or until the whole of the (jti.in- tity contained in the certificate shall be disposed of, and such new or quarterly certificate shall be fattened by the retailer or dealer in such certificate book, and which shall in like manner remain fattened therein whilst any part of the goods for which: the original permit, had been granted, shall.remain on hands; and

np

The For tied Year ^' George 'Iff. 823

no officer of the revenue shall grant any permit on the credit -of

A.D. 1800.

such certificate hook, unless it shall appear by the certificates an- 1S00.

mixed thereto, that the person applying for such permit is entitled

to credit for the quantity of goods .'for which he or flic requires otlima

fich permit, nor unless such person make oath that the goods for

which lie or flic requires such permit, are part of - the Tame crall,!of

J_‘ ’ 1 ccrlilnmc

goods mentioned in the certificate fattened < to the book, and by b :i.ks, but \i:tile of which such goods were taken. into flock, or in case of j!;rei"1'"‘l'l,r' a quarterly certificate that the goods for which, he or.ffic requires such permit, are part of the goods for which such quarterly certificate was granted.

XX. And be it enacted, That every retailer of any of the Retmtea coeds aforesaid shall, within fourteen days after the thirty-fir-ft day jl^'ie hooks" of December, in every year, if such retailer -shall relide in any to iifliccre,^ part of Ireland except within the district of the -metropolis, de- ju imu-JuxS, liver to the officer.of the walk in which he or she resides, and if

such retailer shall relide within the district of- the metropolis at the permit office for the division in which he or: (lie shall reflde, the certificate book in which the account of -his or her -flock Audi have been entered, with all the certificates-which shall have been fattened- thereto as aforesaid, and such officer-shall thereupon give to such retailer a certificate for such of his stock mentioned in such certificate book as shall then- remain on hands, and shall enter die fame in a new certificate book, to be kept in manneraforesaid; and if any retailer shall neglect to deliver to such officer fuel) certificate book, he or flie.shall for every such neglect forfeit the furn of fifty pounds, and no permit shall he granted to convey any goods from any retailer after the time he or she is hereby required to deliver to the officer the . salt! certificate hook, with certificates fattened thereto, unless his or her l-.iid hook shall have been delivered to such officer.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no entry cf any officer in any Entry ol book shall ba sufficient to protect any goods from seizure, unless

the merchant’s certificate under which the fame were received, g01lj3 w",‘-

out certin-

or the certificate granted in lieu of a permit, or fuel) quarterly cam. certificate as aforesaid, shall remain fattened to the salt! certificate book.

XXII. And be it enacted, That It shall and may be lawful for P-cr of any officer of his Majesty's revenue to enter in the day time into Cnur and <k. any house, out-house, ttore-hcufc or other place belonging to J"?"'1 f’"' any person or persons dealing jn, flaring, or having in his, her,

or their possession any of the goods aforesaid, for which a permit is required, and to demand a permit, or Ict-pass, signed by the9- Y 2 proper

824 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

proper officer of excise, for such goods as shall be found the vein, and if on demand made by any such officer, such permit or let-ChaMS. pafS)

or a certificate under the hand of > a. proper -officer that a permit had been lodged with him, shall -riot- be produced within a

- reasonable time after such demand, or proof made that a permit " had been, granted for the fame and was afterwards loll or milUiil. ’ then all such goods, together-with" the packages, calks, or vessels in which they shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and Encrease of may be ftized -by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; ami in q^nt?ty°;n cate an7 encrease ftudl be found in the (lock of anypevfon dealing f,efitSt°r *n> or ft6r!nS 'ar-y bicli goods as aforesaid; above the quantity -maybefeized/'which by such permits or certificates, or by the account of the stock of such person, kept by any officer of excise, ought to be in the possession of such person, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise to seize out any part of the stock of such person a quantity of any such goods equal to the quantity io found cncrealcu, and the fame (halt be forfeited.

Permits for

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every person applying for a fcTm-d-'ln Perrn't for conveying any quantity of spirits or strong wateis made Ireland. in Ireland, shall give to the officer- who is to grant such permit an account in writing of the number of calks or- vessels in which such spirits or strong waters arc’to be c-ontained; together with the

quantity of spirits or strong waters which are to -be contained in eaoh calk or vessel, and such officer shall upon -granting any such permit give therewith a ticket'for every calk or vessel'mentioned in such permit, stamped with such (lamp or mark as the chief commissioners of excise shall think proper, and the tickets so to he

- given to each such person shall-he-numbered in arithmetical pro-gression, beginning with the number one, and shall contain the number and date of the permit, the persons - name to whom granted, the name of the pdrfon to whom, and the place to which the

cask is to be font,- the number of gallons of spirits contained in such calk or vessel,.-and the-time such permit is to remain in force, with the initial letters of the officer’s name who shall give the fame subscribed thereto, and the person obtaining such permit shall,before

Tickets to be ^ie removalof such spirits, affix, or fallen with paste, or other glu-patled on tinous substance, on the lieadof each calk or vessel in which the fpi-calkt ° rits shall beeontained, the ticket which shall correspond with con-t tents of such calk or vessel, or in default of affixing such ticket as def-< cribed aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, and correi'ponding in the particulars aforesaid, or if any cask or-vefftl containing such spirits shall be found conveying without such ticket fastenedon the head of such calk, the spirits and the cask or calks containing the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

' The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XXIV. ' And be it enacted, That such ticket shall remain affixed or fattened on the head of the call: or vessel on which it shall have been fattened, and the spirits shall not be drawn from such caflc or vessel, or be again removed, until the fameffiall be examined - by the proper officer, and the permit by virtue of which such fpiiits shall have been conveyed, shall be lodged with him, and his certificate thereof obtained; and if any such calk or vessel shall be found before such certificate shall be granted without such ticket thereon, or if the spirits conveyed in such calk or vessel shall be removed out of the fame before such certificate shall be granted the person to whom such spirits were conveyed, if the fame had been delivered, shall forfeit the sum of five shillings for every gallon of the spirits which such caflc or vessel shall be capable of containing, and the casks in which the same shall have been conveyed, together with all spirits so conveyed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every person licensed to retail, or d%al in any of the goods herein named, within the distriG of the metropolis, shall, within fourteen days after the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December in every year, make a return to the proper officer at the permit office in the division in which such retailer or dealer shall yefide, of the quantity of spirits, wine, coffee, tea, sugar, hops, tobacco, snuff, or other goods fub-iedt to duty to his Majesty, in his or her possessioii at the time of making such return, and shall make oath before such officer that such return is a true account of the quantities of all such goods then in the custody or possession of such retailer or dealer, to the bett of his or her calculation and belief, and that he or (lie received regular permits or certificates with and for every article contained in such return, and ih.it to the bett of his or her knowledge and belief his Majesty's duties were paid for all such goods, which oath every officer is hereby authorized and empowered to administer, and such officer is thereupon to grant one general certificate for so much of all such goods as such retailer or dealer shall then ha?e on hands, which certificate shall have

VoL.XtJr -9Z the

a; d.

1800._ Chap. 65.

Ticket* to

tomam to

ofic» until cr.imined by uliices before spirits ar* d «k.,j i ff, &c.

Quarto ly returns to be ma le by re* toilers in diitrift of metropolis, ouoJtli.

Oi

826 Tie Fortieth Year of - George III.

A. -D. the Tame efieS as ihe original permits or certificates granted

Char.°6S. for r',chg00ds'

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any such person shall '

ty so°'neg"a"' ncS^e(^ to ^ake such return of his or her flock in the man-

ingtomake ner and within the time by this act directed, every such person shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of ten

pounds, sterling, and no permit shall be granted to convey any goods from any retailer or dealer, unless such return of flock as aforesaid shall have been made.

Proof to be iXXVII. And whereas it frequently happens that permits

made.of pay- t rr 1

ment of duty and certificates are obtained fraudulently in.order to protest fei7^d°»ot- goods, the duties on -which have not been paid, for remedy withstanding whereof, be it enacted, That if any goods on which any

a permit is jo j

produced. duty is payable, shall be feiaed for any breach of the laws

relating to his Majesty's revenue, such goods shall be condemned and adjudged forfeited, unless the defendant or claimant shall prove in such case the payment of the duties, or the legal sale or condemnation, or the place from which such goods were brought (as the-case may happen) notwiihstand-

ing that a permit shall be produced when such goods arc conveying from one place to another, or that a permit or certificate shall be produced after the arrival of such goods at the place of their destination.

Remoral of

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no spirits, wines, tea, tea"co[fee""’- coffee, china, or muslin, which shall have been removed from Biuflin°r 'the,port or place of importation, or from any other port or r place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in the fame, shall be again returned -or sent back to such port or

place whence the fame was or were removed, upon any pretence whatsoever, without a special license for that purpose from the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any one

or more of them, which shall accompany such goods, upon . pain of forfeiture of such goods.

Goutrafla

XXIX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any Omifbc id permit for the conveyance of any goods to any person shall be granted, and the quantity of the goods expressed in the what is men. permit shall beJefs than the quantity really sent therewith, permit,1 as to a'l contracts, promises, assumptions, bills, notes, or other fc-thcgreater^ cur‘t'es> where -any part of the consideration thereof shall be . qua»tity,&c. for the value or price of a greater quantity of such goods than that expressed in the permit, shall, as to the value or price

of

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of such greater quantity, be null and void, and no action or salt shall be maintainable in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of the value or price of any greater quantity of such goods than shall be expressed in the permit for conveying the fame-, and if the person or persons chargeable with the value or price of such goods shall have paid ready money for the fame, or if the person or persons felling the same shall otherwise have been paid or satisfied for the value or price thereof, it shall be lawful for the person or persons who Hull have so paid or satisfied such value or price, to-recover from the feller of such goods the amount of the value or price of so much of such goods as thrill exceed the quantity mentioned in the permit for conveying (he fame, to be sued for and recovered by civil bill, in a court of proper jurisdiction; and in all cases such permits, or any certificate.granted by any officer of the revenue in lieu thereof, shall be evidence of the quantity ’mentioned in such permit. 1

XXX. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other then and except as by this act is otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and -means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the esecife or new impojl upon his Majesty is heirs and successtrs, according to the book of rates therein in-lirted, as fully and efifeftually, to -all' intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and crmdled in this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as in and by the said act is provided.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be offeree until the twenty-ninth day of ’September, one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then-next session of parliament, and no longer-

K«V<,

not or Jicru-itt provt.lc.l fur shall Ik* r<x\i» VUVtl nS Ilf 14 i 15 C. i. with like muly d .;p* p:.d.

I a force until 29 iSi-pr. iSot, and

end of nrxt fcflijis.

y z 2

CHAT.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Annuities to the Lora High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Maser of the Etils, Judges of the Courts of Common 'Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court tf Admiralty, the Chair-;man of the Quarter SeJJi.ns of the County of Dublin, ami AJfistant Earrifers of the several other Counties, on the Re-fgnation of their respective offices, and to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron, and other-Barons of the Court of . Exchequer, in this Kingdom.

8iB

A.D. 1800.

Friday the Pity day of Augttft One thousand eight hundred, Royal AJfeoigk-ai.

JOHN GAYER» D. CLER. PARI.

Preamblt. " "Y WHEREAS it is expedient that his Majesty should be YY' enabled to make proper provision from time to time for such persons as shall have diligently and uprightly conduced themselves in the execution of the office of lord high chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal of Ireland, chief justice of the king’s bench, matter of the rolls, chief justice of the common pleas, chief baron of the exchequer, the juf-< tices of the courts of king’s bench and common pleas, and barons of the court of exchequer, judge or commissary of the court of-prerogative, for the judge of the^ court of admiralty, for the.- chairman of the sessions of the peace of the county of ‘-Dublin, being one of his Majesty's counsel learned in the law,

an'd for :the alfiflant barristers at the sessions of the peace in the several other counties in this, kingdom, and for that tpurpose to grant annuities to the respective amounts, and for ;the periods herein after mentioned, to such officers respectively, and also to make a competent and fitting provision for such persons as may hold the office of chancellor, or keeper of the great seal of Ireland, in the event of their quitting, or being removed from the said employment 5 be

it

*1 he Fortieth TearoJ George III. 829

!t therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by

A.D. 1800.

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and l8o°'

temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, that it shall b*e lawful to rlie Kn, S J J 7 may grant

and for the King’s most excellent Mnjeliy, his heirs and fuc- 40001. a year

ccffors, by any letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, iord chancel.

to give and grant unto any person executing the office of ^’n^’^ll(.

lord high chancellor of Ireland, for the time being, or the d-iywli !>-

_ - . shall resign

office of keeper of the great seal of Ireland, an annuity or be remov.'!

yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds flcrling, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the day on which the person to whom such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be granted, shall resign the said office of chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Ireland, or to be removed from the same respectively, d to continue from thenceforth for and during the life of the person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid, and such annuity, or yearly rent or sum, shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund, in such order of payment, and at such days and times as the salary of the lord chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Ireland is now by law payable; provided always,

That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in and by the said letters patent, if he or they shall think fit, to limit the duration and payment of any such annuity to be granted to any person executing the said office of lord high chancellor or the office of keeper of the great seal of Ireland, or any part of fuel) annuity, to such periods of time, during the life of such person, in which he shall not His execute the said office of lord high chancellor or keeper of may limit the

duration and the great seal of Ireland, or any other onice of profit under payment of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, so as such annuity to be a"hcrc!n'.Ull}’ granted as aforesaid, together with the salary and profits of such other office, shall together not exceed, in the whole, the said sum of four thousand pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be 30001. a lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by any letters ’

patent under the great seal of Ireland, to give and grant King's bench unto any person who may or shall have executed the office of chief justice of the court of King’s bench, and shall have resigned the fame, an annuity or yearly sum of money, not Vol. XX. 10 A exceeding

8'?o 'The Fortieth Ttar of ' George'HI.

A.D. 1800.

exceeding the sum-of-thrce thousand pounds; and to -a'ny rgoo. person-vl^ho may'Or shall have executed the office of mailer ‘ of- the-rolls, provided such mnfter of the; rolls shall have been natl°-' ff' 1!- a person ' learned in the law, chief justice of the common c.j. ufcom-' pleas, or chief baron of the exchequer, and who shall have r."b! osex-°r' respectively-resigned the fame, >an annuity or yearly firm of di'jquir. money hot exceeding the Aim of two thou I and seven hundred . pounds 'sterling, and to any person who may or shall have -executed the office of puisne judge' of the courts-of King’s

bend) and common pleas, or of'barons of the court of exche-2oqo1. a year quer, and who shall have resigned the fame, an annuity or

' judgcJ,1,*,ne yearly furii of money not exceeding the sum of two thousand pounds'-fler'ling, the said;several last mentioned annuities to commence from and after the day on which the person to whom -any such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be granted, as. aforesaid, shall have resigned his said office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the life-of the person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid, and "every such annuity or yearly sum-of-monoy ftiajl be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the -consolidated fund, in such order of payment, and at fuel: -days and times as the salaries of the said chief justices, -chief baron, and other justices and barons are now by law payable, and shall be paid without any dedudion for pells or poundage, or otherwise, and provided that nothing herein contained shall affect the Teveral annuities of two hundred

-pounds heretofore granted to the present lord chief baron, and the other barons of the exchequer, for and in lieu of the salary formerly allowed to them for auditing public accounts; but the said several annuities of two hundred pounds Ho the aforesaid lord chief baren and the other barons, shall be continued to them-during their-respective-lives, whether they, or any of them'shall accept of an annuity provided by this act or not, and -that it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant to any person who rcool* a y[MMnay ordiall execute the office of judge or commissary of his Majesty's court of prerogative in Ireland, - who shall have resigned the (time, an annuity or yearly sum, not exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds; and to any person who . 400l. aycar tnay or shall execute the oflsce of . judge of the court of ad--dmi'rait) of nJiralty> who shall have -resigned the fame, an annuity or

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

yearly Aim of four hundred pounds; and to any person who may or shall execute the office of-chairman of the sessions of the peace-of the county of Dublin, who shall have resigned the fame, an annuity or yearly sum not exceeding five hundred pounds sterling; and to any person who may or shall execute the said oflice of assistant barrister, an annuity or yearly sum, not exceeding three hundred pounds; and also the fame annuity to any person who has executed the said office of assistant barrister, and who has resigned the fame, on account of a permanent infirmity which disabled such person from performing the duties of said office, the said lad mentioned annuities to be paid in such order of payment, as the salaries of the said chairman and assistant barristers are now by law payable; provided always, that no such annuity or yearly sum of money granted to any person having executed the office of chief justice, master of the rolls, chief baron, justice or barou of the said courts respectively, judge or commissary of the court of prerogative, shall be valid, unless such chief justice, master of the rolls, chief baron, justice or baron, judge or commissary of the court of prerogative, or judge of the court of admiralty, respectively, shall have continued in one or more of the said last mentioned offices for the period of fifteen; years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent infirmity, disabling him from the due execution of his office, which shall be distinctly recited in such-grant, nor to the chairman of the sessions of the peace of the county of Dublin, or any assistant barrister resigning his office as aforesaid, unless he shall have continued in his office twenty years, or be afflicted with some permanent infirmity, disabling him from the due execution of his office, to be distindily recited in such grant.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and commissioners of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor of the receipt of the e.xchequer now and for the time being, to make forth and pass debentures from time to time for paying the said several annuities, or sums of money in manner aforesaid, which shall become payable by virtue of any such to A 2 letters

831

A.D. 1800. Chap. 69.

Chairman of co. Dublin 500b a year.

Affifhnt bar-ritter 300b a year.

Conditions on which such grant of annuities shall be 'Vsltt.

Lords of treasury to di* rest and gen. to make forth debentures for annuities, which shall be fufliciem authority.

'After 'such warrants arc ligned, thcj- {lull not be jcwjcablci

No fees to ' be paid to of-

fleets of trea-

fury. Scc.

’ Receipts of persons to \rhom annuities ate payable mail be

fufiicieitt.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

letters patent as aforesaid, or which shall have been ascertained to be payable upon such account as herein before di-rcCled to be delivered, and as the fame shall from time to time become doe and payable, according to the true intent and meaning of this a ft, without any fees or charges to be demanded, or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof, which said warrants and debentures to be made forth and .-paised thereupon respectively, fha'Il be sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of ‘the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of all such annuities or sums of money at the respective days in this act before appointed for such payments, without aav 'further or other warrants to be sued for, had,' or obtained in that behalf.

1^. And be it further enacted, That after signing of any such warrants or debentures respectively, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not he determinable or revocable by or upon the decease of his Majesty,(whom God-long preserve) or any of his heirs or successors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or under treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of the treasury now being, and the high treasurer, chancellor, and under treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exchequer, and all others the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof now and for the time being shall, and they arehcreby authorized and (hidly enjoined and required to do without fee or reward, all such

acts, matters, and things as are herein before directed or required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed effectual.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of the said lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great feat, chief justice of the King’s bench, master of the rolls, chiefjustice of the common pleas, the chief baron of the court of exchequer, ' the puiffie judge; of thexourts of King’s bench and common pleas, and baron;

The Fortieth Year of George III.

of the court of exchequer respectively, and of all persons D. who shall have served in any of the offices before mentioned, and to whom any such annuities, or sums of money shall —_> have been granted as aforesaid, shall be good and sufficient discharges from the payment of the said sums of money and annuities respectively before mentioned, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf, and that the said several annuities or sums of money, and Noduvge every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, null be made impositions, and other charges whatsoever; and in case any

’ o 7 nmcfs, nor

of the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, shall flull office

_. , r r refute or nc-

refuseor neglect to pay any such annui‘.7or lum of money, gicatop?r or any part thereof, according to the true intent find meaning of this act, or do any ad necessary to enable any such lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great seal, chief justice of the King’s bench, matter of the rolls, chief justice- of the common pleas, chief baron, puisne judge, or baron of the exchequer, or any person having served in any of the offices before mentioned, to whom any such annuity or Ann of money herein before mentioned shall have been granted as aforesaid to receive the same, then any such lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great seal, chief justice of the King’s bench, matter of the rolls, chief justice of the common pleas* chief baron, puisne judge, or baron aforesaid, or any such other person as aforesaid, may from time to time sue, pro-fccute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their heirs, executors or administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgment, and sue out execution thereupon against such officers respectively, their rc-fpcdive heirs, executors or administrators, for Co much of any such annuity, or sum of money respectively, then due and owing, or any part thereof as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the time or limes when such demand shall have been legally made for the payment of any such annuity or annuities, or sums of money, or any part thereof as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any ad necessary to be done by any such officer or officers respectively.

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the parliament of this By recited kingdom, in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Ma- j^c. jetty, entitled, An act for encrcafing the salaries of the chief justice

34 27>e Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and other judges of his Majesty's court of Kings bench and com-

1800. mon pleaSf ang qJ' tl)e chief baron and other barons of the court of

exchequer in this kingdom, it is amongst other things enacted,

A<?ffer°mf ^at as °sten as it.shall happen-that any chief justice, chiefbaron,

--sny judge of puisne j udge, K>r puisne baron, shall from sickness, or ar.y other

cause, be prevented from going a ay circuit, or part of a circuit,

from going it shall, and may be lawful for- the lord- lieutenant, or other chief circuit: J i

; governor or governors of this kingdom, by warrant under his or 1 their hand or hands, to direct that the sum of four hundred ’ pounds shall be (topped and dcthi&ed from the salary of such chief .> justice, chief baron, puisne judge, or puisne baron, who shall he . prevented-from going the whole of their respefUve circuits, and be -applied to the payment of such person who (Kail be appointed to . go,'and'(hail go such circuit in the place of such judge; and such ' part of such sum as the chief governor,- or chief governors of this kingdom shall direift, when it shall happen that the chief -justice, or chief baron,_or other judge shall go part of a circuit,

and not be able to . go the whole of his circuit,1 shall be paid to the person who shall go such part of a circuity in thcplaceof such

judge.

VIII. And whereas it may some times happen that a judge ' may be prevented by sickness, or other infirmity, from going part, or the whole of a circuit to which he may be appointed, and in such case it is not reasonable that a deduction should be made from his salary, to the amount in said act specified, especially as such ' sickness may be caused by the labours of fitch judge, in the ext-cution of his office; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore-Only 200l. said, that-the sum of two hundred pounds, and no more, shall hereafter be (lopped and deducted from the salary of any chief justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron, who shall omit to go any circuit, or part of a circuit, which he shall have been appoin-mifinnhyk tet^to S° > Provided that such chief justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron shall certify and declare under his hand, to the lord high treasurer, oi commissioners of the treasury of this kingdom for the time being, that he was prevented by sickness or other bodily infirmity, from going such circuit, or part of a circuit.

L.’ lieu-

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that

wdcp a frim shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief not exceeding governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, by mid to per- warrant under his or their hand or hands, from time to time, to c°rcmt°"m direct the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury to pay, and it

place ofa shall thereupon be lawful for such officers to pay out of the fund '*U<lge, called the consolidated fund, to such person as shall lie appointed

2 -to

'shall hereafter be flopped, provided he certifies that be is prevent

Payment to clerks < f

5The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to go, and shall go such circuit, or part of a circuit, in llie place of any chief justice, chief baron, or Other judge or baron so prevented by sickness from going luc'h circuit, or part of a circuit, fuel's sum of money as such lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors shall think fit, provided the same shall net exceed the sum of four hundred pounds.

X. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid’, that one clerk for the time being, of every of the prel’ent chiefjulliceS, and affiie, ether judges of his Majesty's court cf king’s bench and common pnu"' pleas, and of the chief baron, and other barons of his Majesty’s

court of exchequer, and of all future chief justices, chief barons, and other judges and barons of the said courts respectively, shall be p.sisl for their services as clerk of assize, and nisi prius, on the rcl-pselive circuits, such sums as by the said recited act are directed to be paid to the several clerks for the time being, of the then chief iultices, chief baron, and puisne judges and pnifne barons, who:

(halt go circuit as clerk of assize and nisi prius, and procure such certificate as therein is mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that A judge’* instead of the certificate by the said act made necessary to be procured fty*U be f»f-and produced by such clerks, after each circuit, itlliall be sufficient fjX'lo'k that I nch clerks shall procure a certificate from the respective chief after cacti justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron by whom they shall

luve been respectively appointed, under their hands respectively,

Hating that such chief justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron has appointed, the person named therein to be his clerk, and shall lodge such certificate in the office of the auditor of his Majesty's exchequer, and from thenceforth such person so named in such certificate, shall be entitled to be paid, and shall be paid the said sums in the said act mentioned, after each and every circuit that the judge so appointing such clerk shall go, until such chief julliec, chief baron, or other judge or baron shall in like manner certify, that he hath appointed some other person to be his clerk, in the room of such person so before appointed, and so from time to time, as often ;ps such clerks shall he appointed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that any judge of assize shall have gone jV-igt-maii part of a circuit, and shall be prevented by sickness from proceed- pact ofa taring thereon, so as that some other person shall have been appointed to go the remainder of such circuit, in the place of such ’"°-

judge, then the clerk of such judge who shall have been so pre- appointed, vented by sickness from proceeding on the said c'Vcuit, may continue to execute the duty of clerk of assize for the remainder of to D 2 such

836 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

li; what case the present commissioners of the rolls may receive compensation.

such circuit, and be paid in like manner, as if such judge had gone the whole of such circuit.

XIII. And whereas doubts may arise whether in case his Majesty shall think fit in consequence of the union, to appoint a perl'on learned in the law', to execute the office of matter of the rolls, the present commissioners for the custody of the rolls, may be entitled to apply for compensation, before :the commiflicr.ers to be appointed under and by virtue of an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting allowances to ladies corporate, and individuals, in respect to those cities, towns and boroughs which shall cease to fend any member to parliament after the union, and to make compensation to those persons whose offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in value; be it therefore enacted, That in case his Majesty shall appoint any person learned in the law, to execute the said office of matter of the rolls, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to take into their consideration the Losses that may be sustained by the said present commissioners of the rolls, in consequence of such appointment, and to ascertain and report such compensation, as to them may i’eem reasonable,-and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant the said compensation, in manner and form as is provided by said receited act.

CHAP. LXX.

An Act for discharging certain Arrears of $nit, Crown, and Cm-position Rents, which have been growing due for Twenty Years before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the Terms and in Manner therein mentioned.

Friday the Jij day of -dvgujl, one thousand eight hundred, royal affcnl given,

JOHN GAYER, 0. CLER. PARI.

T-inds chargeable with quit, crown, and composition rents have for many years been returned in arrear.

WHEREAS several lands, rectory, priory, monattry lands, tenements, and hereditaments, chargeable with quit rents, crown rents, composition rents, or other chief rents payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, have been for many years past returned by the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, to whom such rents have been given in charge as not to be found, and such rents have been constantly returned in arrear, by means

whereof

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

JOI

whereof such arrears do now amount to considerable sums cf A.D. money, and will be great incumbrances on fitch lands, rc<flory, abbey, priory, and monastry lands, tithes, furs, lencments, and hereditaments, in case the fame should hereafter be discovered*

And whereas it is apprehended that by giving an encouragement to the present owners of such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, mn-naflry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, to dii-cover the fame, so as that the growing rents payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may hereafter he punctually paid, will encrease his Majesty's revenue; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with, the advice and consent of the^ lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall On *-i and may be lawful for every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, at any time before the twenty-Iifth day of ‘March, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight bun- l.u><* if be dred and ten, to prefer his, her, or their petition or petitions to his Majesty's court of exchequer, thereby setting forth, that all, s' n-t'-iwn. or some of the lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monallry lands, ti, nau, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof, he, she, or they is or are seized, is or are subject or liable to fimie certain quit rent, crown rent, coraposition, or other chief rent payable Muj-uy, r,r to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, which hath not been paid f^e lir'isth for the space of twenty years, next immediately preceding the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thcwfind I'even hundred and ninety-nine, particularly describing in fudi petition the lands liable to the payment thereof, as well by their present as former names and denominations, and thereby submitting to pay all such annual quit rent, crown rent, compo-fitiou rent, or other chief rent, which shall become-due from and after such time as the said court of exchequer shall think lit to order, and praying to have such lands, abbey, priory, >monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, discharged of and from all arrears of such rent incurred, due to, and for such time as the said court ilhall think fit, which petition shall be «n-grolfed on parchment, and signed by the party or parties preferring the lame (except in case of a minor or lunatick, and in such calc by the guardian or guardians, committee or committees of such minor or Innatick, and shall be filed on record in the second remembrancer’s office, and that thereupon, an order shall be made by the said court, that the auditor-general, or his deputy or deputies, shall search into the rent-rolls, books, and records hi his office, and shall certify to the said court by a certain day, to Vot, XX. JO C he

Search to be mad? by And gen.

IThe Fortieth Year of George III. be appointed by the court, whether any such rent or rents as is or are mentioned in such petition or petitions, hath or have been accounted for to his Majesty, or his predecessors, within the space of twenty years, next preceding the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, a copy of which order shall be served on the said auditor-general, or his deputy, and on the solicitor of his Majesty's tents, ten days at the least before the day appointed for his making such certificate, and the said auditor-genera!, or his deputy, is hereby required to make -such searches, and to certify -to the said court of exchequer, ami fra to be whether it appears to him that such rents have been paid or ac-p.c by hm. counteij for to jjs Majesty, or his predecessors, within the space of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and whether it appears to him that any and what proceedings have been had by or on behalf of his Majesty, for recovery of such rent within the said period, for which search the sum of two shillings and six-pence, and no more, and for which certificate the sum of six shillings and eight-pence, and no more,- and for entry of discharge of liicli arrears out of the rent-roll, the sum of three shillings and four-pence, and no more, shall be paid to the said auditor-general, and if upon return of such certificate, and upon examining into 'the truth of the allegations of such petition by the said court of exchequer in a summary way, it shall appear to the said court, that no quit rent, crown rent, composition rent, or other chief rent, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, hath been paid for, and out of such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monaftty lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, or hath been accounted for by the collectors of his Majesty's revenue for the district wherein such lands, rectory, abbey, monastry lands, tithes, 'fairs, tenements, and hereditaments He, within the term of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and that no proceedings have been had by or on behalf of his Majesty, for recovery of such rent, within the said twenty years, then and in such calc the said court of exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an order, that the said lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monaflry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in such petition, and the persons who from time to time respectively held and enjoyed the fame, shall be absolutely freed and discharged off and from all such rents and arrears due, or in a: rear at any time before the said twenty-ninth day of September,

The Fortieth Year of - George III. 8jg -

one thousand i'even hundred and ninety-nine, and shall order t-lsc A.D. said auditor general to give in charge such growing rents, as the salt! lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands tithes, lairs, te*

Dements, or hereditaments, shall appear to be chargeable with, which shall become due from and after the said said twenty-ninth day of g, UM"_ September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the col- I1*; '011’-lector of the district where such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, mo- °"'-naftry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments lie, to the intent that the lame be duly collected for the future, and that fnc'h order shall be an elFedtual discharge against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as to such arrears, and if it shall appear to the said court of exchequer in manner aforesaid, that no quit rent, crown rent, composition rent, or other chief rent, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, hath been paid for or out of Inch bads, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, or liarfi been accounted for to the collector of his Majesty's revenue, for the district wherein such buds, rectory, priory, monastry lauds, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments lie, within the term of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, but that proceedings have been had by or on be- \V!] ,.. lais of his Majesty, for recovery of such rent within the said twon- ,fl.n tv years, then and in such case the said court of exchequer is here- ian, i-u by authorized and empowered to make an order on such petition, f^Vt^niX that the said lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, mentioned in such petition, and the persons who from time to time respectively held and enjoyed the fame, shall be ahfolurely freed and discharged Off and from all fitch rents and arrears due and in arrear, at any time before the salt! twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall order the said auditor general to gi'. a in charge such growing rents as the said lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, titall appear to be charged or chargeable with, which shall become due front and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the collector or col-L’stors of the district where such lands, rcdlorv, abbey, prion, iaonaftry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, do lie, to the intent that the fame may he duly collected for the future, and that such order shall be an effectual discharge against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as to fitch arrears.

11. And whereas it may tend to the dilet;very of such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry Iamb, tithe;, lairs, tenements,

i o C a or

-8^a The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or hereditaments, as have been retnrned by the said cdlled-i8od. ors as not to be found as aforesaid, if persons who shall discover the fame, so as to1 enable his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to recover the rents payable thereout, and arrears . thereof, shall be entitled to a reward for so doing , wherefore Reward to - foe it enacted, That any person or persons who shall effec-covcring' tually discover any lands, redory, abbey, priory, monastery {ubjeftioqidt lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, so in ar-rcnu,&c. sic- eear, of the quit rent, crown rent, composition rent, or

not being pro*

prietors. - other chief rent,' payable thereout to his Majesty as aforesaid,

: and which has been returned by the said collectors as not to be found as aforesaid, other than the proprietor or proprietors,’ or other person or persons subject to the payment of such rent, so as that such rent or rents in arrear be recovered,: such person or persons making such discovery, shall be entitled to one moiety of such arrear as shall be recovered, provided that such moiety shall not exceed the sum of twenty; pounds.

CHAP. LXXI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the tkirly-seventh Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act to prevent the vexatious impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage Feafant, and for the effectual preserving cf Me ares and Fences.

Fttday the F'trjlday of Mugufl, one thousand tight hundred. Royal Ajftnlgmn.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARI.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS injuries are frequently sustained by vex-Y V atious impounding of cattle for trespass or damage feafant; and whereas great inconveniencies happen and disputes arise, on account of the inefficiency of mcares and fences; and whereas an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, en-Trespass aft titled. An act to prevent the vexatious impounding of cattle jot found infufli- irefpffs or damage feafant, and for the effectual preserving of aaif. meares and, fences, is now in force in this kingdom, but the regulations therein contained are found insufficient to remedy

The Fortieth Year of George III. -

tuedy die injuries and inconveniences before mentioned, and some further regulations are necessary to settle tile disputes arising-about trespass, and --meares and fences, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, :That from and immediately after the palung of this act, whenever any cattle, bead or beads, shall be di-drained'. fortrcfpafs or damage sea-fant, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the .-peace redding-in - the paridi where such distress shall be taken, or in any parish immediately adjoining thereto, upon complaint being made thereof, to take security for the trespass demanded, and immediately toiffue an order under his hand and seal to the pound-keeper, or other person in whose custody such cattle, Jbcafl, or beads may be, to deliver-the same to the owner, upon-being paid the Sum-demanded, together with such usual fee as such pound-keeper is-by law or custom entitled to- demand, and to summon within twenty-four hours the parties concerned-before him, and to require each party to name one land-holder redding in such parish, or some parish immediately adjoining thereto, as arbitrators, to appraise and value the damage done; and in case the arbitrators shall not-agree,- such justice may name any third person as umpire, which arbitrators or-umpire, as the case may be, so appointed, shall proceed to value the damage-done, and shall make-a true award according to the best of their (kill and-judgment upon oath, which oath such justice is hereby authorized-and required to-administer, and shall certify the fame under his or their hands to such justice of the peace, who' upon receipt of such certificate, shall issue an order to the pound-keeper, or other person in whose custody such cattle, bead or beads may be, - to pay over to the person sustaining the damage, the sum so awarded, and return to the owner of the cattle the overplus, if any shall remain; provided always, that if the parlies concerned shall agree to appoint one landholder, as aforesaid, as arbitrator, to value the damage done, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, upon receiving the award of such arbitrator, certified under his hand, to proceed in like manner as if it were the award of two arbitrators.

J-istices may take fecutity, and order

pound-keep'

era to deliver cattle. Sec. fee.

Arbitrator* to value the damages done-

Partial may Appoint one landholder a* arbitrator.

If parties do not at* tend, justices may proceed.

Penalty on pound-keeper for not doing as hereby directed.

Treble value of damages done by *1V, inc without rings or ftaplcs in their nofea.

‘ Nottocx-

teud to calltc didmintd to afccrlaiu title tolnml, or for rent.

JusticC3 at . rp lYfitune to fix and alter ©ccalionnlly the rates of v.ifpafs.

‘ The Fortieth Tear'of George III.

' II.: And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any- person- or persons, at whose suit such distress shall have been taken, shall refuse or neglect to obey such summons, or so,appoint such arbitrators as required, such justice of live peace may proceed to hear the cniife in a summary manner, and may order such cattle, beast or beasts to be delivered to the owner, paying the pound-keeper the ufua! and accustomed fees,

III. And be it further enacted, That if any pound-keeper, or other person in whose custndy such cattle, beast or beads shall- be, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up such cattle, bead or beasts,- upon being ierved with such order, and being tendered the sum therein specified, together with the.usual fees, or shall deliver such cattle, beast or beasts to the owner without such' justice’s order, or paying the sum demanded for trespass, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence,-forfeit the sum of five pounds over and above the sum demanded for trespass, to be levied by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the county in which such offence shall be committed, for the life of the county infirmary, 'IV. And be it further entitled, That- if any fwinc, not having an iron ring or ftapie in the nose; shall be impounded for trespass or damage feafant, the person or persons owning such' swine shall be liable to pay treble the value of the damage done by fuel) swine,- which the aforesaid arbitrators or umpire, as the case may be, shall award.

V. Provided always, and be-'it emitted, That nothing herein contained snail extend, or be conftrtied to extend, to authorize or empower any justice of the peace to issue any order ns aforesaid, if it shall appear that fuel) cattle, bead or beasts, were distrained for the purpose of ascertaining the title to any land or lands, or for rent.

VI. And whereas great inconveniencies arise from there not being any legal fixed rates of trespass, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for tile strftices of the peace, at the several general quarter sessions held for the several distiidts in each comity, - from time to time, to ftx"arrd alter, as occasion may require, the several rates of trespass to be paid for each and every horse, mare or gelding, mule or afs, black beast, bull, ram, fliccp, goat or pig, respect being had to the season of the year and state of the

6: hint!

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

sn-'l trespassed upon; provided always, that nothing herein contained snail prevent any person frnr. recovering greater damage if awarded by arbitrators as aforesaid.

VIf. And whereas great frauds are practised by pc: fins who do not occupy any land, keeping cattle and grazing them on the Tides of the road; be it enacted therefore by the authority aforesaid, Thit it shall and may bn lawful for any person or persons distraining luclt cattle for ircfpafs, cr damage feafant, to charge treble the afiixed rate of trespass; and also that it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, to whom complaint is made, upon proof of the damage by arbitrators as aforesaid, to order as aforesaid treble-damage to be-paid by the owners of such cattle.

VIII.' And whereas many trespasses and disputes happen in consequence of the insufficiency of -meares and fences of land, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to any proprietor, occupier, or tenant of any lands within this kingdom, that the meares and fences between his, her, or their lands, and the lands next adjoining thereto are insufficieiit, and that he, she, or they shall be desirous of repairing the fame, and shall complain thereof to any juflics of peace as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of peace to summon the proprietor or proprietors, occupier or o.ccupiers, tenant or tenants of such adjoining lands, and to require him, her, or iimi, with the person or persons so complaining, to appoint arbitrators as aforesaid; and in case such arbitrators shall not agree, then such justice may appoint an umpire so afeer-tcia the (kite of such meares and fences, and to make a division thereof in cases where no division has been heretofore nude, which arbitrators and umpire respectively, shall be (ivorn to do justice between the parties to the best of their Kill and judgment, (which oath such justice of the peace is hereby authorized to administerj and if such person so appointed shall find that such fences are inefficient, they shall also cflirnate what lum of money will be necessary effectually to repair the fame, and also what proportion thereof ought to lie paid by each party respectively, and also what proportion of such meares and fences ought to be kept in re-wir respectively by each party, and they shall certify the IO D 2 fame

Tulle rites to he p.u’J fin da* by pvrfo.w who do not o.m l.stn, mil uluifv cattle ^r-'7,o on (lies of

Complaint to be made to justices when mparcs and fences are fn-fufltcient.

What shall be done by justices in such cases.

Athiirators to be (worn.

844

The Fortieth' Tear

of Georgs

nr.

A.D. 1800.

fame-to such justice, who upon receipt of such certificate, i8co. may. issue-an: order under hrs hand and seal to each party to repair such meares and fences;’ flating in such order the pro-.portion1'of expences that each party is to beat in repairing repair mcaret the famej.as also the proportion of such. meares and fencer

and fences. , r , f

Proportion bf as each party Telpectively are to keep in repair^ and if either bc^recorered PartY foall refuse,-= or for the space 'of- three roontits mcgleft asfcaela. . to repair, his;, her,-or their proportion of such meares and f fences-, then, and in such case if foal! andmay be lawful for the party-who so'all. be -willing so to do; to-proceed to repair i - the whole: of-such meares and fences, and the-party having r refused. or neg!ected- as' aforesaid, so'all pay‘to . the person or i persons who shall have repaired the fame, or who foal!- have

caused the same to be repaired; such-.proportion'of the cx-; pence .-of. repairing them- as- such arbitrators- or umpire so all have certified, to- such'justice that >such person or persons

ought.tohave paid towards repairing, the fame,' to be reco--. vered.by distress:and sale of his,her,or their goods and , chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice,

> or by civil-bill, in manner-as'diredfedby an act paSed in the: thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty’s-reign, entitled, A , act for the better- and more convenient ’administration of juf.

lice,- and for the recovery of shall- debts-in- d ftmmary my . at the sessions of the peace-/of /the several counties at large

within the kingdom,- except the county of -‘Dublin,-’ and far , continuing, and amending an act -for the better execution of the , law and prefer.vation- of the peace: within the counties at large,

with double costs; provided such sum' does not exceed in the whole the . sum-ef twentyi pounds; and ‘provided also, that such. sum shall not‘exceed the-rate of two foillings/w: perch: for each and e.very- perch to-be-so repaired, and provided also, that the same shall appear to have -been- really and -bona fit expended,1 and to be a just and reasonable charge.

- Persona . JX. , And be it enacted .iThat any person refilling or . neg* repair mcarei letting-,to repair such 'meares and fences as aforesaid, foall ihdlhave’no l,ave n0 remedy for any- involuntary trespass committed by remedy for the cattle iof the proprietor, -occupier, or tenant-of any committed by neighbouring land,- for any trespass on his, her, or their boura^outlc: land, occasioned by his, her, or their default, in mending, procuring, or keeping in repair his, her, or their -part of iates. . such shears or fences;, and if the cattle, of such person or

s45

A.D. 1800.

1800, Chap. ir.

Tenants at will nay de* fuT/f to

"5the 'Fortieth Year of George III.

peVfons ^lall'-trespass on the neighbouring "Iarid, they Aiall he liable to pay treble . t'respafs, and the arbitrator or arbitrators, or umpire as iiforesaid, fiiail award accordingly.

X. 'And whereas the tenant or occupier of such land, who tha!l-be'obliged by ^this ditto repair'such mearcs and fences, or to pay for the fame, 'may be only tenant at will or suffernuce; 'fee it further -enacted,' That every. pciTon or p:r-fons compeliabie by-this' a'dt to repiir fu'ch -racares or fences,'

cr to pay'for the fame, who ih.ilibc only tenant at will fiifferance-afthe’time. he shall be so comp'ciled,' then-ami in

such case such tenant shall be, and is hereby, empowered to

deduct out of;thercnt due,- payable to' his, her, or their landlord, what-he, the," or they,' fiiail h »ve To layout, expended, or paid, and such landlord shall, and is hereby required tc allow the fame, ;such tenant'fiffi proving on oath,

' before- fonie justice of the "peace for the county where such lands lie (which oath" such justice is hereby ' empowered to administer) what he, she, or they so laid out, expended, ‘or . paid,' provided such futn does'not exceed, in the whole, the . furm which the arbitrators, as' 'aforesaid,' awarded "that' fufcii < person o.r 'persons ought to pay towards repairing such mcares and fences; provided 'always, that nothing herein'contained Notto*oU . tliali extend, or be cobftrued to extend, to-avoid any cove- tweih land-.cants -or-contracts made between landlord and ' tenant ' for fencing, ditching, draining, or-rncl'oCng lands.

XI. And whereas farms and -lands arc often divided by

anfc relative

double ditcher, and disputes' frequently a rife relative' to the to double property of such'doable ditches ;" atiU whereas it 'would tend 4‘CJC>'

' to the improvement of such lands, and prevent disputes, if the-tops of such-double ditches were planted with -timber trees, be it therefore ensiled, That from and after" the paf- OccopJmo!

lands at each

ling of this atf» it fiiail and may'be lawful for the occupiers tide may plant of lands at cither fide of such double ditches, to plant them Uc'jivcU with timber-trees fort-heir mutual benefit, and at their mutual expence; and if either party shall refuse to pay his proportion of the expence of- planting such ditches, as aforesaid, having been demanded in writing so to do, it shall be lawful for the other party, in twelve months after such notice being served, to plant all such double ditches, and t-eenvert to his or her use all such timber trees as shall . -planted thereon, -sqd registered pursuant to the ft.-rute.

Vol. XX. to E .'ill. A.-.'

84§ '- The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be Ijv.fnl

j ^or ^1C Par[y planting to impound any bead caught treu Part-,- piffijig on any part of such double flitch, and recover da-

phr.Uns may

emponici for wages as. on other lands

do^lfdft" '

XIII. And whereas in many places drhere -manor court; totwoc- are held agreeable to charter, it is onnecessary that the ;-ro-

tfnd to where

manor couit* viuons of this act.should. extend, he.it therefore enneb.i jvr

irehdi the authority, aforesaid, That nothing herein contained th.di - extend, or be con ft rued to.extend to affect the rights of manor, where manor courts are held agreeable tn charter.

Appcr.l to '

XIV. And be it enacted, Th u it any person or perf-Mv.

b»SoX°aaI1 think himself, herself, or thcihselves aggrieved by the determinntion of fuel) justice, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the next sessions of the peace for the county, town, or city in which such dii~ tress was taken, and the justices of the peace at fuel) fi-f-lions may affirm or reverse the order of fuel) justice of the peace With such colls as they shall think proper, which de-. cifion shall be final between the parties, to all intents and purposes, and that no writ of rerf/cv'mr, or other writ or pro- cess shall be allowed-TonnemovaTof such proceeding into any of his Majesty's superior courts of record.

Nofcetoma- vXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no magistrate- flmll take any fee for any thing which- he shall do by virtue of this atl.

CHAP. LXXII.

An Act for the better. Regulation of c!rioh by Jury, in th Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer during Term, and in the Sittings after Term,

Friday the JrJl nay of fv&uft; One thousand eight hundred, Royal AJent given.

JOHN GAYER, D CLER. PAUL.

WHEREAS the county of the city of Dublin contains many-persons qualified to Ctrve as jurors, but from the carelessness and mi fenc'd n ft of the sheriffs, under, sheriff, coroner, or other officer to whom the summoning and return-ring of jurors legally belongs, the burthen of serving upon

juries

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Juries falls upon a few, to tlieirgre.it grievance and oppref-Ibn; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice anti consent of the lords spiritu.;! and temporal,- and commons in this present parliament assembled, and bit the authority of the same, that no person shall be summoticd and' returned to-serve on any jury or juries, in rr.are than one of his Majesty's courts of King's bench, common picas, or exchequer, during the fame term, or the re-'.gjidive fittings after term of the said courts. And it shall nr-tl may’be lawful for any judges or judge who fuall pretide many, or either of the said courts during term, or their littings after term, to which the said person is so fuminoned and returned to serve as a juror, to examine in a summary manner into the fad of such second summoris or return, and upon, proof thereof, the said judges or judge are, or- is hereby required and empowered to fine the said ffieriils, fub-sheriff, Kroner, or other person, in a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty’ shillings sterling, for every such citence.

II. And be it enacted, That no fieri IF, fub-fieriff, coro-r.cr, - or other officer, shall fumnion or return any person who his served as a juror in the court of King’s bench, common picas, or exchequer, or their respciflive rittings after term, lot (lie fpnee of two terms after such his frn’ice, and if any iiiui (lwrhT, ur.der-fieriff, coroner, or other person flail of-Aud herein, that it shall and may be lawful for the judges er judge before whom the said juror is so -summoned and iiimned, and they or he are and-is hereby required and em-pavered to fine such Ihcrifs,-under-freriff, coroner or ether ofneer in any sum 'not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds; provided that nothing in this act contained shall Ktcr.il to prevent persons when struck to serve on special juries, notwithstanding they shall have served during- tiro lime limited.

III. And be it enacted, That the fieriffs, under Ihe-tiftj coroner, or other officer to whom the returning or futn-ming a jury may belong, flirtli from rime ro time enter and it’ifter in a book to be kept for that purpose, the names of fit persons who full be summoned and returned as jurors a trials had and held during term in the courts of King’s ‘-neb, common pleas, or exchequer, and the respective fit-

: so E; 1 tings

A. 0. i;ko.

k, p c-r-.i

ii..-.li ii. I'-:

ou

j MV i.t mcr:

til 111 t)!JO C: It 1’. i I.T.C UTC, <*V lit. inter it

?b;*rh?s be it tied for fich fecootj (iwamoz:.

Shetiffs,4c. ftiail not flint, mon a person who fcrvi\l in k. b. c. p. ov ex. for twuw after fa vice.

Not fr, pro-vail laving on ju.

Shen(T?,&c. to keep rrgif, tnej of p«-filM trim

fijvcatjtsroti.

SKcriffs# &c. to give certificates to per-faua who have been fammoni. cd, or.have . farted.

Penalties fot

-' The Fortieth Tear, of George III.

tings'of fitch courtsafter term, together with their additions and' places; of abode' alphabetically arranged.

('-IV. And be it- enatted,' That it shall he lawful for every person- who had- been'- summoned or' served as aforesaid, td demand a certificate from the sheriff, under sheriff, coroner, or oilier officer-of such his attendance,- which certificate the said-/herift,--under sheriff, coroner; :-or other officer shall give without fee or reward.

V. And be it enacted," That upon any negleff or refiifai of the find (henffi- under sheriff, coroner, or other officer, to

- hand over-such -book-to their successor or successors, upon

bm.fa of re- summ-ary examination-, wnd proof iriade'to: the court of Kina'r

gittry to fuc-

-cdTors, ornot bench,- the court shall fine the party tV offending, in any sum I«t«.CUtl" not exceeding five hundred, nor less Than'fifty pounds,: and if the said- fiieriff, under , sheriff. coroner, or 'other officer, - shall refuse to give any person summoned; or returned to ' fefve- as - a - juror,- a certificate of his- service as a juror,- upon summary' -examination and proof -made to the court in> which the said person'served as a juror, ' of such neglect or refusal, it shall and may be lawful, and the said court is hereby required to fine the said" sheriff, unde: . sheriff, coroner, or other officer,- in any sum not-more than twenty, nor less than five pounds,- to be paid in-.open court to the party-aggrieved and coniplaining.

VI. And whereas special juries are frequently applied for in ftnall or trivial causes; be it cna'dled, That the person or party who -shall apply' for <i special jury,: shall not only fees to he -bear the fees for sinking such i jury, but shall also pay sail fin's whcHp- ciifcfiarge -ail thcother expences occasioned by the trial of the ply_furfpl.Cause by- such , special jury,-arid (hill not have-any further jmiges ct-uify.allowance" for the fame, -upon taxation of costs, than such is.hcrun. par[y would be-entitled unto -in case the causehad been tried by a common jury, unlefirthe judge, before whom the cause is tried' shall -.immediately after the trial certify in court, under .- his hand, upon- the back of the record, that the fame was a . cause;-proper to'be1 tried by-a' special jury.

VII. And whereas the burthen of serving upon special juries, falls generally upon a-few individuals, and it is reasonable that they iliould be -allowed and paid for such their ii. is. gd. service 5 be it enacted, That each person who has served oil a MchCfp«-:a\° *"FCC'3^ jury shall be allowed and paid by the party applying

The Fortieth Year of George III. 849

for such jury, the sum of one pound two shilling! and nine-.

A.D. 1800.

pence.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be i»forec in force from the first day of the next term after the passing 0fne«tte, hereof.

CHAP. LXXIII.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Lijfey, in the City of Dublin, as imposes an additional Rate or Tax of two Shillings for each Foot of Ground, Part of the South Lots on the Front of Sir John Rogerson's %uay, in said Act fpKfod-

firiJay the fiirji Day of Auyujl, Or.: thousand eigll hundred. Royal Ajjenlgiv/n.

i JOHN CATER, D. CLER, PARL.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the walls of the river Anna Liffey, in the city of Dublin, and for amending an act passed in the twenty-. Bp recite! sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for promoting 3‘ the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more com- sum of "

_ . per foot <n«

modious, it is enacted, That the corporation for preserving to be paid for and improving the port of Dublin, should, out of the first Ip0at?|1^c;f"utl' monies that should arise from the duties and taxes therein dcfcn,1"i' granted, pay into his Majesty's treasury such sum as should appear to have been laid out iii the (lopping of a breach in the south wall of Sir John Rogerson’s quay, pursuant to an address of the house of commons to the then lord lieutenant, in the then session.of parliament; and it is also enacted,

That in order to enable the said corporation to pay such sum into his Majesty's treasury, that part of the south lots adjoining to the said south quay wall, situate in the front of Sir John Rogerson’s quay, aforesaid, bounded on the weft by that part of the estate of the right honorable Luke, late rifeount Mountjoy, and John Bowes Benson, esquire, then or theretofore in the possession of Charles Edward Mayne,

Vol. XX. 10 F esquire,

It is reasonable that pir Tons liable to said tax, should be rc- Sieved.

So much of said a cl as charges said additional sum of 2S. per foot, is hereby repealed, lave as to arrears due or paid on ztf June, 7799, and powers for lecoveiliig fame.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

esquire, or his under-tenants, and on the east adjoining the river Dodder, and which said parts of the said'south lots were then in the possession of certain persons in said acts mentioned, or their under-tenants, under the said lord Monntjoy, and part of which fronted the said part of the said south wall, in which the said breach happened, should, from the passing of the said act stand charged and chargeable with, and that every person who should be occupier, or in any manner be in possession of the said part of the fair! south lots, should yearly pay to the said corporation and their Ance/lVs, over and above the other rates and p>yments before.made piyable thereout, by the said act. the further and additional Aim of two /hillings, for each foot, until such time as the whole of the said sum so laid out in the Hopping of the aforesaid breach, should be fully paid in to the said corp 'radon and their successors: And whereas it now appears th,.t it would be reasonable that the persons now liable to the said tax, and all other persons, owners, or occupiers of the said part of the south lots herein before described, should be rftieved from so much’ of the said additional tax of two shillings by the foot, imposed by said receited act, as shall hereafter become due: Wherefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present 'parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act as charges the said further and additional sum of two shillings sterling, for each and every foot which the said part of the said fqutji lots so.described in the said act contains, or which makes-any person or persons liable to tile payment thereof; and nlfo such port of said act as directs the corporation for improving and preserving the port of Dublin, to pay out of the first monies that shall arise from the duties therein mentioned, into his Majesty's treasury, the sum laid out in flopping the breach therein mentioned, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed, save as to the said additional sum of two /liillipgs, which became due and in arrear, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year one- thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or hath’been paid, and as to the powers and remedies by the said act given, for recovering and levying so much of the said additional sum of two shillings as became

due

The Fortieth Year of George III. 851

due and in arrear, on or before the twenty-fourth day of A.D. June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to hinder or obstruift the payment of all and every other tax by the said act imposed on any part of the said ground, in said act mentioned.

CHAP. LXXIV.

'/« Ait to amend and render more effectual the Laws now in Force for making and keeping in Repair a Circular Road round the City of Dublin.

Friday thefrjl day of August, one thousand Fight hundred. Royal rifeni given.

JOHM GAYER, D. CL lift. P1RL.

WHEREAS an act passed in this kingdom in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for making and keeping in repair a circular'road round the city of Dublin; and one other ad aets17« >s passed in this kingdom in the twenty-fifth year of his pre- g 3f feat Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of ids present Majesty, entitled, An act for making and keeping in repair a circular road round the city of Dublin; and whereas Said act« art the said acts have been found insufficient for the purposes for \yhich they, were intended, and the tolls mentioned and prescribed by the said. acts do not produce sufficient to defray the rents, salaries, and expences to which the said road, and the trustees thereof, are subject and liable; and whereas by the said l.aft mentioned act it is ’recited, that the juries itnpannelled to value the grounds neceflitry to he enclosed for the said road, had rated and valued them altogether at an annual rent of four hundred and forty-eight pounds nine killings and three pence;- and.that the said trustees, pursuant to the powers vested in them, "had raised and borrowed the sum of one thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, to enable them to lay out and make the said road, for which they paid an annual interest of five pounds per centum, making with the said rent the annual sum of five hundred 10 F 2 and

852 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.hap. 74.

Gate-keepers were empowered to receive encreased tolls by recited act of 25 G. 3.

Produce of said encreased tolls is found insufficicnl }

inconvenience from great number of tvuiiccs;

12 directors to lie appointed by 1. liciit. or chief fee.

and five pounds, nineteen shillings and three pence; a nd that the tolls received at the several gates, after paying the cx-pencesof collecting them, had not produced, upon an average, more than four hundred and twelve pounds eleven shillings and four pence annually; and by the said last mentioned act, the trustees in the said act mentioned, or the gate-keepers or receivers by them, or any seven or more of them appointed in manner therein mentioned, were empowered to demand and receive the encreased tolls in the said act mentioned; and whereas notwithstanding the encrease of the said tolls, the produce of them, after deducting the expence of collection, is found inefficient to pay the said rent, salaries, and expence of repairs, and it is necessary that the said tolls should be further encreased, and the funds arising therefrom more carefully and economically applied; and whereas inconvenience arises from the great number of trustees created by the said act, and from the number which by the said act is requisite to form a quorum, and it is adviseable that there should be fewer trustees, and that a smaller number should be a quorum, and be empowered to ad, be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod'excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and ' con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland for the time being,: or.for his chief secretary, within one month after the passing of this act,- to nominate, and appoint by writing; under his hand and seal, twelve fit and sufficient. person^;of whom the lord high chancellor of Ireland, 'the, lord chief ijustice of the king’s bench of Ireland, the lord chief justice of the common pleas of Ireland, the lord chief baron of the exchequer of Ireland, and the chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland, for the time being, shall be five to be directors of the said road, and so from time to time, during the continuance of this act, as often as a vacancy or vacancies shall happen in the said number of twelve directors, by death or otherwise, to nominate and appoint one or more fit and sufficient person or persons to fill said vacancy or vacancies, the lord high chancellor, chief justice of the king’s bench, chief juflioe of the common pleas, chief baron of the exchequer, and chancellor of the exchequer,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

exchequer, as aforesaid, for the time being, being always five, so that the fame number of twelve directors shall be always complete and full, which persons so appointed directors, or any three of them, shall, during the time for which they shall be appointed to act as directors, havp the entire and foie ordering, direction, and management of the said road, and they, or any three or more of them, are hereby veiled with all and Angular the powers' and authorities, rights and privileges, which by the said, recited acts the trustees therein named, or any seven or more of them, were inveited with, and shall be completely, to all intents and purposes in their room and Head, and thereupon all such powers and authorities, rights and privileges as the said trustees, or any of them had, or might have had thereunder, shall cease and determine.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the directors of the said road, or any three, or more of them, to order and diiedl that the said road shall from and during such time as they shall name and appoint be divided into two divisions, one commencing at the bridge over the river Anna Liffey, called Sarah bridge, and lying to the northward of the said river, and the other of the said divi-ftons commencing at the said bridge, and lying to the south-w.ird of the said river, and that there shall from such time be paid for every coach, landau, chaise, phaeton, cabriole, curricle, chariot, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, horse, marc, gelding, afs, mule, or other bead of burthen, ok, or other neat cattle, calf, hog, sheep or lamb, such tolls as the directors of said road, or any three or more of them shall direct and appoint, not exceeding the rates after mentioned, with all such and the like powers for enforcing and compelling payment, proceeding against persons evading or omitting to pay, and penalty for forcing a passage without paying the fame, as are prescribed with respect to the tolls now payable on the said road; provided that no person be liable to pay any toll on each division of the said road more than once in the fame day, consisting of twenty-four hours, to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the following night, with the fame cattle and carriage, but that every person having paid the said toll in any one division may, luring the remainder of the said day pass and repass toll

Directorj to have ft>k mi* nagement, and 3 of them {hill hive tame powers as were veiled it former mif tees.

Road divided into northern and fouthem divisions.

Three directors may appoint tolls to be paid, not exceeding the following rates, with like powers for enforcing payment, &c.

as are prescribed for prese.u toll*.

'foils only payable once a day on fame

division

i o G

free,

3*. 3d- for a

coach, &c. and 6 horses.

2S. 2d. If lcfs than 6, and more than 2. js. id. if only 2.

6hd. for chaise, &c. drawn by i-

ys. 5<J. fora brewers dray with wheels us herein.

1 os. for a waggon, &c. with 4. wheels; 5s. 5d. with

2 wheels, and

2 or more

horses; is id. for a cart or car with horse; 2d. for a horse, See. Oxen 38.4d.

3 fcorc.

Calves, See, is. 8d. a score.

Directors may demise tolls for 5 years, as herein.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

free through every pay gate in the fame divisions, with the fame cattle and carriage, on producing a ticket, denoting the payment of the toll, and provided that the tolls to be ascertained and appointed on both divisions together by the said directors shall not exceed the tolls herein after mentioned for the fame cattle or carriage in any one day, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chaise, phaeton, cabriole or curricle, if drawn by fix horses, or other beads', the sum of three shillings and three pence; if drawn by a less number than fix, and more than two horses, or other beasts, the sum of two shillings and two pence; and if drawn by only two horses or other beasts, the sum of one shilling and one penny; for every carriage, commonly called a chaise, or chair drawn by only one horse or other beast, the sum of sixpence halfpenny, for every dray, such as are usually used by brewers, if the wheels thereof be of a less breadth on the foie than four inches each, the sum of five shillings and five-pence; for every waggon, Wain, or cart with four wheels, the sum of ten shillings; if with only two wheels, and drawn by two or more horses or other beasts, the sum of five shillings and five-pence; for every cart or car drawn only by one horse or other beast, the sum of.one shilling and one penny; for every horse, mare, gelding, mule or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of two-pence; for every drove of oxen or other neat cattle, the sum of three shillings and four-pence by the score, and so in proportion for any lesser number; for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep or lambs, the sum of one shilling and eight-pence by the score, and so in proportion for any lesser number.

III. And be it enacted, That the said directors, or any three or more of them may, and they are hereby empowered at any meeting to be held, to demise the tolls of such roads for any term not exceeding five years, at the bed, and highest rent that can be got for the fame, (having previously advertised the fame for at least twenty days before in some public Dublin newspaper) by indenture or indentures duly executed by any five or more of - the said directors, they taking good and sufficient security for the payment of the reserved rent, and the lessee or lessees duly executing counterparts of said deed or deeds.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 855

IV. And whereas several persons entitled to receive rents A.1 D, for parts of the said road, have not been enabled to recover I^oa or receive the same, be it enacted, That if any of the said rents shall at any time be in arrear, or unpaid by the space !>tr(i"'!(0

J ’ r . j - r whom rent

of six months after the fame ought to be paid, it shall and M he due may be lawful for the person or persons entitled to receive Siraror' such rent or rents, to apply by petition to the court of chan- |C,"!XreU'c eery, or court of exchequer in this kingdom, dating the rent "Pi1:'-'-due, and praying that a receiver may be appointed to receive the lolls of the said road, or a sufficient part thereof; and in case the fame, or any part thereof be in leafeor demised, to receive the rents thereof, or of a competent part thereof, in order to discharge the said rent and arrears, and such court to whom such petition shall be. preferred, shall, upon, such petition and affidavits of the amount of rent due, and of the service of a copy of such petition upon the treasurer of said road, ten days previous to such application, make an order on the directors, or any three of them, or treasurer of said road, to shew cause why such receiver should not be appointed, and if no sufficient cause befhewn, shall appoint such receiver, and order that the tolls of the said road, or a competent part thereof, or the receipts thereof, or a competent part thereof, be paid to such receiver, and the said receiver thereupon shall have full power and authority to re- Pmvmofre. ceive and collect! said tolls, and appoint gate-keepers, if the br

lame shall be necessary, or continue the old ones, and also power and authority to receive the said rents thereof, or a competent part thereof, or to proceed for recovery of the fame against the lessee or leffecs thereof,' by all ways and means that the said directors, or any three of them might, and in his own name, and -for this purpose the said court shall order the said directors, or any three of them, to hand over to said receiver fthe person or persons petitioning giving security to return the fame when ordered) the counterparts of any lease or leases that may therefore be required, and also any security or securities passed or perfedled on account of such lefll-e or lessees, and to indorse their names thereon, which indorsement shall enable said receiver to fuc in his own name on the said instruments so indorsedat law or . in equity, as fully as the said directors or any three of them might have done, and it shall be sufficient to (late in any 1 o G 2 pleading

856 T-he Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

pleading at law or in equity the import of said order, and

1800. {jje faj(] indorsement, and the said court shall order the said receiver to account from time to time, and pay over all sum ordemcciver an^ sums of money he shall have received, deducing there-to account out fees.at the rate of one shilling in the pound for all fuim

and pay, de*. u 1

duiafngis. which he shall have received, to the person or persons so pern the pound, hjj or their represen tatives or assigns, until the

amount of the rent and arrears due at the time of preferring such petition, and that shall have thereafter become due, together with the full cofisof such proceedings to enforce the payment thereof, shall be paid and discharged, and thereupon orfcrrcSrer t*le said c0llrt may order, on.petition of the said directors,

' robe removed, or any of them, and an affidavit. Hating that all rents,

when requt- J 0

fitesherein di- costs, and so forth, have been fully paid, and that the said performed, petition has been duly served ten days before on the person or persons at whose prayer the said receiver was appointed, or to whomsoever the said rent shall then belong, if the fafi shall so appear to said court, that the receiver be removed, and that all deeds and inflruraents handed or endorsed over to him, be restored to said directors, or any three of them.

The city V- And whereas the city of Dublin has in several places ex-.

yondsaid' tended to, and in others extends beyond the said circular road,

road, in fc- an(] it would add much to the advantages of the said road and

veral places;

beauty of the said city, if the directors of the said road were empowered to change the present road, and lay out such new lines of road as may be adviseable, in cofisequence of the extension of the mayatar^the ^u'l^‘uSs of &id c'tyi be it enacted, That it shall and may be circular lawful for the directors of the said road, or any five or more of approbaUuii tllemi ty and with the consent and approbation of the commission-honere1" ers for making wide an(i convenient streets, ways, and passages in wide streets. the city of Dubjin, to alter and change such part and parrs of the present road,’ culled tile circular road round the said city, as they shall judge adviseable, and to lay out a new road in place of the part or parts of laid' road that shall be ihut up or rendered useless by such change, and to ascertain, describe, and set apart such portion and portions of the lands lying where such new road is to run, as to the said directors, of any three or more of them, with Approbation the consent afoiefaitl, and of the proprietor or proprietors, owner of ground!^3 or owners, occupier, or occupiers of the said ground, to be used for the said road, shall judge necessary, for the laying out such new road, and to fence the fides thereof, and open and make the 7 fame

The Fortieth Year of George III. 857

fame as and for the high road, and that from such time and times A.D. as the said new road shall he opened and made passable, the part r8oo. or parts of the said old road, in place of which such new road shall he made, shall become the property of', and he veiled, in the OM road owner or owners, occupier, or occupiers or the ground given for 0Wlxat0T the said new road, for such and the like term and iittcrcfl as he. occ"i’l.ra of

9t g’oatiti

the or they had in the said ground so given for the said road, and given forthat such person and persons shall have all and the like remedies far enforcing payment of rent for the said ground, as any person or persons had, might, or could or may have, with respect to the value or rent of any of the grounds at present occupied by the present road.

VI. And be it enacted, Thatfo soon as the Did new road shall

’_ar.d tail-

be opened and passable, the directors of the said road, or any three Soufev miy or more of them, thali and may erect pay-gates and toll-houses, nw and demand and receive like tolls for passing through such gates, as they can or may do on the present road, and with like remedies for recovery of and enforcing the payment thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said directors shall and may Eupcncn

out of the produce of the tolls of the said road, pay and dif. ^jJ'hVpaid charge the expences of procuring this present act, and of carry- th'^nn’d

ing the fame into execution, and that this act and the said recited 17 & 18 G. acts of the seventeeth and eighteenth, and of the twenty-fifth years

of his present Majesty, and all other acts relating to said road, shall be, and continue to be in force until repealed by any future thali continue act or acts of parliament, save as the same are hereby altered un,%tPial01-or repealed, any thing herein and in the said recited acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it Likewise enacted, That this shall bo a public A puy;c aft.

10 23

CHAf.

858

A.D. 1800.

Committee appointed in 1764, by order cfhouse of lords:

' inch com- ' mittee will be difeontimied by the union, mid pious in-le^itions thereby defeated:

Persons licicln de-fc ibed shall be comm'fli-oiici!> f..i elm n'table d >na-tt tis and be-quells, fi om l J.m itfoi, and shall be a b-'dy politic, &c. dec.

'5The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXV.

An act to amend an ail passed in the third year of his present Ma-.jejfy, King George the Third, entitled, an ail for lb: Letter dis- covery of charitable donations and bequrfs.

Flilhy tbifrj! Alt of /ttnvjl, wittlmfiml c/jul hmtlrtj, Reja!sljintgins.

JOHI! G/.YiR, I). CHI. I-.W-L.

WHEREAS by order of the house of Lords of this kingdom, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-i'our, a committee of the fetid house was appointed to take into conlidc-ration the several charities and charitable donations in this kingdom, and the said committee was empowered to lend for persons, papers, and records, and two of the judges were thereby directed to aiTifi, the said committee discovered several charitable bequests and donations to a great amount, which had been withheld, embezzled, and concealed, and caused the same to be sued for, paid, and recovered, and applied to the charitable and pious lifts for which they had been originally designed and intended by the donors thereof. And whereas by the union of Great Britain and Ireland, such committee will be discontinued, and the pious intentions of many charitable persons will he thereby hereafter (as before the said committee was appointed) defeated by the concealment and misapplication of their donations or bequests to public and private charities in this kingdom, and it is expedient and neceftliry that dome public body (hnuld be ronstituted and appointed to watch over such charities and beqnells, and to enforce the application of 'them to the purposes designed and intended by the pious donors thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords I'piritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the several archbishops ami bishops of this kingdom for the time being, the lord high chancellor of Ireland, the chief judges, and the other judges of his Majesty's courts of king’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer of Ireland, for the time being, the judge or commiftary of his Majesty's court of prerogative in Ireland, the provost of the college of the holy and undivided Trinity, near Dublin, the dean of the cathedral church of faint Patrick, in the city of Dublin, and the vicar general of the diocese of Dublin, all for the

The Fortieth Year of George III. 859

the dine being, the several incumbents of the several parishes wiih- A.D. in the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, for the time being,

shall from and after the first day of January, in the year one thoul'and eight hundred and one, be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the commissioners of charitable donations and bequcfls, and shall have and u!e a common feed, to be by them from time to time appointed.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners and their successors, by the name aforesaid, may sue, and they are hereby empowered ro sue in every court in this kingdom, either of law or equity, for the recovery of every Commiili. charitable donation or bequest, which may or shall be withheld, EchaSab!: concealed, or misapplied; and to apply the tame when recovered, 'jEalEjipiT to charitable and pious uses, according to the intention of the them m1w«-donor or donors; or in case it be inexpedient, unlawful, or impracticable to apply the fame ilriclly according to the directions and intentions of the donor or donors, then to apply the lame to inch charitable and pious purposes as they shall judge to be ncareli and most conformable to the directions and intentions of the donot or donors, and the said commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered to deduct out of all fuel] charitable donations and bc-ij'iefts as they shall recover, all the costs, charges, and expences which they shall be put to in the suing for, and recovery of the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That s to be» any five of said commissioners, of whom an archbishop or bishop E"!, °nc of this kingdom is always to be one, shall be a quorum of said corporation, and may for ever hereafter exercise all the powers

verted in said corporation by this act.

IV. And whereas it is by the aforesaid act, entitled. An at! for

lie better discovery of charitable donations and bej/eifs, amongst By rcciitj other things enacted, that from and after the twenty-fifth day of ^ncrj|

(ime, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, the vicar general, or his fumigate, and the regiltcr of the prerogative shall make giltcrof the a return to the Wthop of the dioceie, or to his grace the archbishop wE u'make of Armagh, respectively, on or in every year, at the annual vifi- f'1".81 tition, or between the twenty-fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth day of June, in every year, of every charitable donation or bequest contained in any will which shall be entered in the office of fudi vicar general, surrogate, or lcgifler, which return shall likewise contain the name or names of the person or persons to whom a probate of any such will, or letters of administration, with such will annexed, shall be granted with the date of such 10 H 2 will

86o The Fiftieth Fear of George III. A.D. 1800.

will, probate, or adtnini[l ration, and that copies of such returns tSoo. upon oath, shall he lodged in the beginning of the succeeding fcf-The umVn Aon of parliament, with the clerk of each house. And whereas cilia" to'S ky the said union it has become necessary to alter the said cliufe ia icr tie respeef to the persons with whom the copies of such returns are to u,e' be lodged; Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the codes of such returns upon oath shall, from and after the liril day of January, in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, be CiipitE of lodged with the secretary of the said commissioners of charitable such rctHiss, donations and bequests, and with no other person or persons whit-She lodged soever, and that the said copies (h iU be so lodged with the said. cretary to" secretary, between the first day of July and the first day of No-fajclcoromif- vember, in every year, and every such oiEcer who shall neglect to from'i Jan!' make such return as aforesaid, and who shall neglect or omit to tries'herein lQ(-lge such copy of such return with the secretary of said commis-roentioned. sioners as aforesaid, shall forfeit the fuin of five pounds sterling, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, by civil nrakclich hill before any judges of assize, in their respective circuits, or ben-turns, or fore- any assistant barrister at the general sessions of the peace of lodge Copi3- any county ;tl t^;s kingdom, or before the.recorder of the city of 'Dublin, as the case may require.

CHAP. LXXVI.

An Act for amending and continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty’-s Reign, to secure the Col-ieHion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.

Friday tlu fcft day of August, one thousand eight hundred* 'Royal Jfifent givm.

JOHN GAYER, D. ChER* FAJU.

FOR securing the duties on paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, paper for bangings, and (heating or (heathing paper, and all button paper or button board made in Ireland, and to prevent frauds therein; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad-Pjporms- vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and o«fcrafi~e commons ’n (Eis present parliament assembled, and by the or forfeit 50l. authority of the same, That no maker of paper, or of the a"d mSl papers called pa Ac-board, mill-board, scale-board, glazed

paper

The Fortieth Year of George III. S6t

paper, paper for hangings, or theathing-pnpcr, button-paper, A.D. or Hutton-hoard, shall make any such paper ualess he, the ,.1^oc^ or they ilia 11 have taken out a license for that jnirpose, from the eolleflor of the distiiif in which, his, her, or their mill or mills shall be fitnated, which license shall set forth his, her, or their name or names, surname or surnames, and the place or places where his, her, or their mill or mills is or are fi mated; and every such coiActor is hereby authorized and empowered to gran.t such license upon receipt of the duty payable thereupon, together with a fee of one shilling for his own life; and if any person shall- make any kind of the papers aforesaid, without having taken out such license, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, together with all the paper of any kind, and all materials proper to be made into any paper, which shall at any time be found in any mill, work-house, warc-house, fiore-house, room, or other place used in, or for the making, drying, or keeping of any kind of paper for which such license shall not have been granted.

II. And be it enacted, That every maker of any kind . of paper, before lie, the or they shall make any kind of pa- den-mill, per, (Stall, from time to time, make true and parlieuinrentry iw, &c. a\-. in writing, at the office, of excise, in the difiricl in which his,

In r. or their mill or mills shall be situate, of every mill, weik-house, warc-house, store-house, room, or oilier place by him or her respectively intended to be made life of, in or for the making or keeping of any paper, or any materials proper to lie made into any paper, and of every engine having a plate and roller with nie'.ai I irs. and of every vat, pri fs. titcnfil, and vessel by him, her, or them used, or intended 10 be used in or for making any paper, and of the dimensions in length, bread tit, and th-p' h of each such cegaic, vat, pres#, utensil, and vessel; and if any such maker iltall neglect to make fuel) entry, or shall make any false entry, or make ufo of any engine, of which such entry shall not have been made, he, she, or they, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, together with all such engines, vats, prefles, utensils, and vessels, whereof no such entry or any false entry shall have been made.

Momlil/ dot/ to' be paid according to fizi? of engine?, un-'Jefe Use duty Ky weight shall exceed fticli monthly duty.

ivbat shall be charged where an engine is employed a) ear in making papu not chatgcablo with more than -*-d per lb.

The Fortieth Year of' George III.

TIT. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, and of the papers called pafic-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed paper, paper for hangings, (heathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, who shall keep an engine for the making of any of the said papers, which shall not in (he in-fide exceed in length tvvclvc feet, in breadth five feet, and -in depth two feet, shall for each and every calendar month, commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, be charged with, and pay the film of twenty pounds 'sixteen shillings and eight pence, as and for, and in lieu of the duty according to weight of such quantity of such-.papers, as aforesaid, or Tome of them, as may be produced from each such engine within each such month, and every such maker shall in like manner‘for any such engine of greater dimensions than as aforesaid, be charged with, and pay such further sum as shall be in proportion to the quantity that such engine of greater dimensions shall contain -over and above the quantity that an engine of fuel) -dimen-fions, as aforesaid, may contain, as and for the duty of such greater quantity of paper as may be produced-from such engine of greater dimensions, unless the duty chargeable by weight on the quantity of paper made with such engine, and weighed within any such month, shall an either of the said cases exceed the monthly sums herein before ciiretted to be charged in respect of any engine; and in case the duties on the paper of any maker of paper weighed within any such month, as aforesaid, shall exceed (he sums, by this act charged and appointed to be paid in respect of the content of such engines, respectively, within any such month, then and in such case such maker of paper shall be charged with duly according to the several and respective rates imposed on the said several papers weighed within such month, according to the weight thereof; provided always, that where it shall appear on proof made to the falisfattion of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, that any engine' shall have been employed solely in any year, commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March, in making any paper not. chargeable with a duly exceeding one halfpenny for every pound weight thereof, and that more than one vat, not exceeding the contents of a vessel in length six feet, in breadth five feet, and

m

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

in depth four feet, hath not been used or employed with such engine, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, in all cases where the duties returned in any month on such paper, as aforesaid, as shall be weighed, made within such month, shall not exceed the rate of one hundred pounds a year, to allow the return for such month to be made for one-twclfth part of the said sum of one hundred pounds.

JV. And be it enacted, That the officers of ex’cife shall make returns to the collector of the district in which the paper mill or mills of any maker of any paper shall be situate, of the monthly stun hereby directed to be charged, in respect to the engine or engines kept by fuel) maker of paper, or of the duty charged by weight on any paper of such maker weighed within the month, in case such last mentioned duty shall exceed the fnm directed to be charged with respect to such engine or engines, and every such return shall be a charge on the maker of paper, and every maker of paper (trail be deemed to have made within such month, such quantity of paper as ./trail be subject to the amount of the duty mentioned in such return; and every maker of paper shall within three months, from the twenty-fifth day of every month, pay the duties of ex'cife so returned, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and double the amount of the duties returned.

V. And be it enacted,' That the entries required by law to be made by every maker of paper, in the office of the collector of ex'cife, of the district in which any paper shall be made, by every maker of paper in every fix- weeks, shall he made monthly, on every twenty-fifth day of each month, and shall comprize the quantities of the several forts of paper, of such maker of paper, weighed within fuel) month, from the twenty-fifth day of the preceding month, and every maker of every such papers who shall not on the twenty-fifth day of every month, or within ten days after make such entry, shall for every default forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That the officers of excise shall, in every return of every monthly charge, in which the duty or sum returned in tefpeft of any engine or engines, shall not exceed the duty chargeable on the paper of such maker of

io 1 c paper,

Officers io mrtke returns to collectors, which shall be charges on payer maker,

d.ny to he pale) within J months.

Paper makers to make monthly outlies in collector's office.

Quantity of p.ijui, and amount of duty to in*

mfeued i t

letutMS of officers.

864 ’The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

paper, weighed within such month, 'according to the v.eight 1800.^ thereof, infect in such return the quantity of the several forts of paper of such maker weighed within the said month, and the amount of the doty chargeable thereon, according to the weight thereof, and if in any return to be made of t!:; monthly fnm hereby directed to be charged on every maker of paper, in respc-d of tiny engine or engines, such ft.m shall be greater than the amount of the duty of all the pipers d’ such maker weighed within the month for which such return

Allowance shall be made, accoidrng to the weight thereof; and-if at any t< *b«: ina-Jt to '

p.ptr maker twenty-fiflli (l.!V of March it shall appear th.it fuel) maker f

CtradKiV-ai paper shall, in any month or months within the year ending

in monthly on t<venty-fifth day of March, have been charred with rtturrswst'i J J

a on-d. ty duty for any sort of paper weighed within any month ac-rr;rmcs»ou"il cording to the weight thereof, exceeding the monthly furn amount to ‘hereby di reeled to be charged in respect of each engine kept by him, every fuel) maker of paper shall be allowed, at the end of the year, so much of the exeefs of duty as shall nut reduce the whole of the duty, within the year, to less tltsn the duty of nil forts of paper of such maker appearing to have been weighed within the year, nor to less than fucit sum as by this act such maker of paper is made subject to in a year, in respetl of each engine kept by him or her.

All men-

VII. And be it enacted, That all engines, pr lles, and tiim/ium/’ utensils for making any kind of paper, used in any mill for the purpose of making any paper, and all paper therein, mo r/hofc hands soever the same shall come, and by whatsoever conveyance or title soever the same shall be <1 imed, shall he liable and subject to, and are hereby charged wi'li all debt; and duties of excise which shall be in arrear, and owing by any person or persons, for any sort of paper made within such mill, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons using such mill, for any offence against the laws of excise, and it shall re lawful in all cases to levy such debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, by sale of such utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the maker of paper owing such debts or duties, and incurring such penalties were respectively the real owner and proprietor of such utensils.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper *.idc fcaicsami (brill, at every of his or her mills or places uftd by him or

wei lits and 4 r J

ioumJ, shall be liable to c’scife duties and penalties.

iffift of Hccri.

her

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

her for making any kind of paper, provide and’ keep at his or her own cost, sufficient and just scales and weights for weighing all such paper which shall be in their respective mills and other places, and shall bring or canfe the same to be brought to the scales, and thall assist the officers of excise in weighing all such paper, in such manner as such officer shall think most convenient, and in examining from time to time the depending flock of all forts of paper of every such maker thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any maker of paper shall not keep, at every mill or other place tiled by him or her for making any kind of paper, just scales and weights, as this act directs, or shall, by himself or herself, or any person employed by him or her, not permit any officer of excise who shall desire to weigh any paper of any fort belonging to such maker, at such mills or places as aforesaid, to weigh the fame, or shall by himself or herself, or by any person employed by him or her, neglect or refuse to bring the same to the scales, or to assist at weighing the fame, in such manner as such officer shall think most convenient, every such maker shall for every default, neglect, or offence herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds j and if any officer of excise shall, at the mill or other place of any such maker, be furnished with any unjust scales or weights, for weighing paper of any fort, or be furnished with any scales or weights, which on weighing any kind of paper shall, by any device, not exhibit the true weight thereof, whereby his Majesty may be defrauded of any of the duties aforesaid, every such maker shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Penatru-s for not providing jull scales am! weights, or for obstruct-hv* or no; alliiling of Kcets.

X. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, IW, Ac.

' . , 0 n ttCOYOtt!

penalties and forfeitt.res jnnifled by this act, in respect by 14& 15 thereof, shall and may he sued for, recovered and levied in n,j,"‘ such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and "'."'"'I'’

J_will) like re-

with such powers and authorities as are prescribed and di- nuily of ap-refled, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made ',c:l1' in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An Act for the settling tf the excise or new impcfl upon his Majesj, his heirs ami fuc-ufors, according to the hook of rates therein tnferUtl, or by any

86.6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

i8oc.

Drawback on paper* hangings.

other law or laws of force in this kingdom, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

XI. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to every printer, painter, or fiainer of paper hangings, a. drawback of the duty charged on all paper made in this kingdom after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, which shall be manu-fadured by him into paper hangings, on proof upon oath being made' to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, of the quantity of paper so used, and' that such paper was not made prior to the said day, and that the duty by this act chargeable thereon was paid-

Paper aft

XII. And be it enacted, That an act passed in the thirty-3e8<asaltered e’;ghth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to securt by this act, the collection of the duties on paper made in Ireland, and to euutTnued. present frauds therein, except such parts thereof as are alter* ‘ ed or- amended by this act, be, and the fame is hereby continued of force.

CHAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of his Majestys Reign, entitled. An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for Je-curing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.,

Friday the Fuji day of August, Out thousand eight hundred» Royal AJftnlgiven.

JOHN GAYER) p. CM*. PARI.

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and continue an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An 0 for regulating and extending the

tobacco

The Fortieth Year of George III. 867

iclacco trade, and for feeuring the duties payable upon the m- A

jiirt and manufacture of tobacco; be it enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent

of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in thispre-

sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no license shall be granted to any person or persons, to ^"n1‘1cf"fc

manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco into roll, pig-tail, turetobacco

1 " until aboml

snuff, or otherwise, to manufacture tobacco, unless such ma- istn'e.cJ nufaflurer or manufacturers, with two sufficient sureties,

Hull have entered into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and lier':'n-successors, in the penalty of three hundred -pounds, conditioned that such manufacturer or manufacturers shall duly pay all such duties of excise as such manufacturer or manufacturers shall become chargeable with, either in respect of the quantities of tobacco which shall be contained 'in all and every original package or packages of tobacco, which he or ihey shall have opened for the purpose of taking any tobacco out of the fame, (except for samples) or shall otherwise be chargeable with as manufacturers of tobacco.

II. And be it enacted, That the said recited act, and this act, shall be and continue to be of force until the twen- and this act

flwii continue

ty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one,

and from thence to the end of the then next session of par- of "nett

liament, and no longer. fdSo11'

CHAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for amending an AR passed in the laflSejfwn of Parliament, entitled, An Act to revive and continue the several Laws relating h the airing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the felling thereof and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom.

Friday thejhjl day of Augujly one thousand right hur.dredy royal afftnt given, JOHN CATER, D. CLER. PAUL

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last- session of parliament, entitled, An act to revive and continue the several

hm relating to the curing of hides, and regulating the fate of hides to K 2 and

Recital 34 Geo. 3.

MS

A.D. 18co. Chap. 78,

Penalties for buying, Tel* lipjr,' or ex-poiing1 to falc, any hides or ftins in any other place, or at any other time than as by said act is directed.

Not*to bre-vent the sale of raw hides by hand, and not by weight.

Penalties for exposing hides or skins to sale with flaws, &c. fcc.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and calfjkins, and prevailing frauds in the felling thereof, and for preventing frauds in the 'weighing and delivery of bark imported into tbit kingdom, it is among other things enacted, That in every city or town corporate, where a market place has been, or shall be established by the chief magistrate thereof, for exposing all green hides or fkius to tale, and where a sworn weigh-master has been or shall be appointed, pursuant to the several acts in the said act mentioned, all greerrhides and Heins, or hides and skins in the hair,'to be sold within such city or town corporate, or within five miles thereof, shall be brought'to'such market to be sold, and that such market shall be held on four days in every week, that is to say, on every Tuesday, AVednesday, Friday, and Saturday in every -week, which market shall be opened by ring of bell, atihe hour of eleven of the clock in the'forenoon, and shall close in the same manner, at the hour of three of the clock in (he afternoon; And whereas the means provided by the said in part recited act, for enforcing obedience thereto, have been found to be ineffectual and insufficient for that purpose.; therefore be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and.temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,-and by the authority.of the fame, That if any person shall buy or fell, or expose-or offer to sale any such hides or skins, or any kips, or-runners, in any other place within such city or-town corporate, or within five miles thereof, than in such market, - or on any other day than such market days, or shall buy or fell, or expose to sale in such market, any such hides or skins,- kips or runners, before the said hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, or after the said hour of- three of the clock in the afternoon, every such person shall forfeit five fiddlings for every hide and horse (kin, and two shillings and six-pence for every calf (kin, kip, runner, or other (kin, so-bought and sold, or exposed or offered to Tale, to be recovered, disposed. of, and applied in such manner, and for' fudh uses, as are herein after appointed and directed; provided always, that nothing herein,-or in the said recited, ad- contained, shall extend, -or be construed to prevent the felling or buying by hand, and not by weight, in the said mirk;! in Dublin, of any raw or green hides or skins of cattle (laughtered in Dublin, -or the suburbs thereof, as heretofore hath teea accustomed.

II. And in order to prevent frauds in the felling of hides am! skins, be it enacted, That if any hide or (kin, with any cut, flaw, or gain therein, or any hide or (kin watered or clogged "with any filth, by which the weight thereof shall be encrcafcJ,

Power and duty of

NV^1>

mailer.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

shall be exposed to sale, the person exposing the same to fade shall, for every such hide, forfeit a sum of five shillings, and for every fitch skin, kip, runner, or horle skin, forfeit a sum of tyro lhil-lings and six-pence; and if any hide sold by weight, shall have any part of the (hank as low as the dew daws thereon, or with more of the fktill than the root of the horns thereon, or with any cheek or breech-piece, or rump, farther than the breech thereon, be offered or exposed to fa!e, the person offering or exposing the same to sale shall, for every such hide, forfeit the sum of five shillings; the aforesaid several forfeitures and penalties to be recovered, disposed of, and applied in such manner, and for such uses as are herein after appointed and directed.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said weigh-master, or his deputy, to enter all warehouses, (lores, yards, or other places belonging to any person who, puri'uant to the said act, shall be licensed to deal in raw hides or skins, and to inspect and examine all such hides and fk.ins therein, and if such weigh-master, or his deputy shall find in any such warehouse, or other place, any hide or skin with any cut, fia-lming flaw, or gafli therein, or any hide or (kin watered or clogged

i!;ins ns tier.;-

with any filth, by which the weight thereof shall be encreased, m or any hide having any part of the (hank as low as the dew caws thereon, or with more of the Ikitll than the root of the horns thereon, or with any cheek or breech-piece, or rump, farther than the breech thereon, every such hide and skin shall lie con-fiJered as if fold or exposed to sale in a market, and the person in whole possession the same shall be found, shall, in vefpcft of such hides and skins, be subject to the several and respective penalties by this act inflicted against persons felling or exposing to sale such fraudulent hides or skins, as if he or she fold or exposed the same to sale, and such penalties shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as the like penalties agaiilft persons felling or exposing to sale such hides or skins may be levied and recovered; ami such weigh-master shall be entitled to the fame fees from the . owners of such hides and skins, for examining the fame, as he is mal'tVs entitled to on hides and skins examined and weighed in a market,fctk' ami to be secured In the same manner.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be so li.-cufed as aforesaid, shall not on demand of such weigh-master or ,t aiitiiW liii deputy, at the vvarc-house, store, yard, or other [dace of such or person, admit, or cause to be admitted, such weigh-master or his for ..t-tet-ileputy therein, or shall not fufllr such weigh-master or Ilia dc-puty to examine all green or raw hicks and skins therein, or shall

Vol. XX. to L obstruct

Syo

A.D. 1800.

ifc’oo. Chap, 78,

Penalties shall be re* :ovci td by

persons %ho uc before any avjgiilraic.

Penalties,

*ic. levied by ditlrcf.’.

Ilifposal of p-.'udtie;:.

Offenders to be committed if

dish'tf1, b:.1

Weigh-uiaficx to feisc and <ie-polite ffein => ts lurein,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

obfiruft such weigh-master or his deputy in the execution of any power vested in him or them by this act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be -recovered, levied, and disposed of, as herein after mentioned,

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the forfeitures and.penalties aforesaid shall be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, on complaint to be made before any magistrate or justice of the peace oi the city or county wherein the offences, for and in respect of which the said forfeitures and penai;ies are hereby imposed. Shall have been respectively committed, which complaint every luc’n magistrate and justice of the peace to whom the Same Shall be made, is hereby iw-powcicd and required to hear and determine in a Summary m;-.> ner, and which forfeitures and penalties, upon conviction of tk offender before such magistrate or justice of the peace, either on the confeirion of the party offending, or by the oath, of one cr.-dible witness, (which oath inch magistrate or justice of the pea-:; is hereby impowered and required to administeij, Shall, (toeedic: with the reasonable expences of such complaint and conviction, not exceeding ten Shilling-, to be ascertained by Such magistrate or justice of the peace} be levied by distress and Side of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate or justice, returning the overplus, (if any) to the owner, after deducting thereout the reasonable charges for Such distreSs and file, one moiety of which several forfeitures and penalties Shall be disposed of and paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the parish in which ti:e offence shall have been committed, to be applied by them to the life of ti'.e poor of such parish; and in case a sufficient distress cannot be bad wherecut to levy and raile the said forfeitures and penalties rel'peftively, then and in such calc such magistrate or justice of the peace Shall and may, by warrant under his hand ami Seal, commit such person or persons convicted as aforesaid of ai:v of the aforesaid offences, to the house of correction or work-house. or any public prison in and for the city or county wherein Slid; oitenceo respectively shall have been committed, for any time nut exceeding one calendar month, there to remain at hard labote, and to have due correction, according to law.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such weigh-master, or his deputt and their rulpcftive assistants, to seize all hides, Shins, kips am! runners, bought or sold, or exposed, or offered to laic, rci’.tr.uv

T’he FcrUeih Year of George III. 872

so the provifrons of this act, or the said in part reciteil act, oe-inA.D.

respect of which any person is hereby or thereby made subject boo.

to any forfeiture or penalty, and the same to depositc in such market-place as aforesaid, in and for the city or county in which the same shall have been bought or sold, or esposed, or offered to tale, or in which the offence for which inch forfeiture or penalty is hereby imposed, dull have been committed, and there to f.tlcly keep and detain die fame as a ffeurky for the amount of such forfeiture or penalty; and that in case the owner of such in-.vkv fiides, skins, kips or runners, /ha! be cunviiled as aforesaid, of ("q1 any of the said offences, or fh.nl not within three days next after it.: h n.r.y such I'eizure, claim the fame by writing under his hand, Hating"’ truly his chriiltaii name, surname, and place of abode, and to be delivered to inch weigh-maller or hi", deputy, then and in either of litcii last mentioned cases, such weigh-maiier or his deputy shall and may fell I'm h hides, iki:.-, kips, and runners, or any of them, for or towards payment of the iVrfektire or penalty impeded by this acc for the olten.-e of which the owner thereof ii have been convicted, or for or by reason whereof such fel-t ' d iiave been made, returning the overplus (if any) arising

h. " '.ii lale to the owner thereof on his claiming the f.unr, auer hrll deducting thereout the real'onable charges of such i'eizure and fide.

VII. And in order to determine any dispute or difference which may arise between the feller and buyer of any green, salted, or dried hide, or any hide or stein in the hair, in the city of Dublin, be it enacted, That the lord mayor of the

Lontmsyop

city of Dublin, for the time being, shall nominate seven re- to.,p|,t putable and skilful personss of the trade of tinners, to whom j;r.c" or any three or more of them all such disputes and differences as aforesaid shall be referred, to be heard and determined

who Hull be

and before any person who shall be so nominated, shall act, ivum, lie shall take an oath before such lord mayor, (which oath lie is hereby empowered to administer), that in all such cases which shall be so referred to him, he will do equal tuflice between the parties, and every such person shall continue toacl in all such references during the mayoralty of the lord mayor by whom he was nominated, without any further nomination; and where any complaint shall be made to the faitl lord mayor, he is hereby required to iflilo an order requiring the said referees, or any three or more of them, toL: to

87-2 T4j: Fortisth Year tf Gtorgt\

Penalty on referee* for not iletetmm-:ng differ-*ncc3.

A.D. 1800.

to-meet, and hear, and determine the matter of such complaint, and the determination of the referees, or the ma-j°rity of them who shall so meet, not lese- than three, Hull he final-end conclusive to all parties; and in case-any of the persons so nominated shall not obey such order, and shall not assign good and sufficient cause on oath, or (half not determine such difference -within twenty-four hours after the time which shall be appointed for their meeting, then each of the -persons offending shall forfeit a sum not less than five pounds, nor more than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said'lord mayor or other chief magistrate, and to be paid over 'to the church-wardens of the parish where such difference shall have arisen, to be distributed amengft the poor of such parish; and in case the referees to whom such difference shall be referred, or any three or more of them, shall determine against the feller of any hide or skin on which such difference shall have atifen, then such penalty as by the said acts or this act is inflicted in respect of every such hide or (kin, shall be levied, recovered, and applied as by this act is directed and appointed.

t’ersons f’.ietl tnay . j>!c«ul tht; ge* K?rai iffitc.

Treble coffj.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or troubled, for putting in execution any of the -powers contained in or granted by this act, or any of the herein before mentioned acts, or for doing any matter or thing pursuant hereunto or thereunto, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence.; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or judgment shall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or a verdict shall pass for the defendant, such defendant shall have his, her, or their treble costs, to be recovered in such manner as where, by law, costs are given to defendants*

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

873

A.D. 18co.

CHAP. LXXIX.

An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and to prevent the Plague and other infectious Dif-lempers being brought into Ireland, and to hinder the spread--

ing of InfeRion.

Friday the first day of igti/i, One thousand right hundred. Royal AJfcnl given.

JOKtt GAYER, D CLER. PAR!.

WHEREAS the laws, heretofore made in this kingdom

to oblige ships coming from places infected to per- Quarantine form quarantine, and to prevent the plague being brought into and spreading in the said kingdom, have not been fuffirient to answer the purposes thereby intended, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,' That the said laws shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save as to the remedies by the said laws given for prosecuting, suing for, and recovering any penalty or forfeiture for any offence committed against said laws before the passing of this act, and also save and except SaiJaflsa.c as to any orders or regulations which may have been made by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of this kingdom, by the advice of the privy council, in pursuance of the said former acts, and which said orders and regulations are hereby declared to remain in full force, as if the said acts had not been repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That all ships and vessels ar- Ailicficis riving, and all persons, goods and merchandizes whatsoever, ["‘ coming or imported into any jiort or place within the king- uifcaionmay dom of Ireland, from any place whence the lord lieutenant (lullperform or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, shall judge it probable Jlcu1, alld that any infection may be brought, shall be obliged to make their quarantine, in such place and places, for such time and in such manner as hath been, or shall from time to time be Vol. XX. 10 M directed

tfOUlltil.

Perfor.s and foods in vessels performing quaran-t’uc, and refills conuntnii-citing whh

874 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

d!reded by the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by his or their order or orders made by Chap. 79. ty,e a(]vire of the

privy council, and notified by proclamation; and that until/ such ships, vessels, persons, goods, and merchandizes, shall have respectively performed, and be Nopcifom discharged from such quarantine, no such person, goods and or goods flail merchandizes, or any of them,- shall come or be brought on

t>cbroiigIit on J 0

fiiirc, orput shore, or go or be put on board any other ship or vessel in veTeWitliout any place within his Majesty's dominions, unless in such ti.cnfc. cases; and by such license, as shall be directed or permitted by such order or orders made by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, by the advice and consent of the privy council, and notified as aforesaid; and that all such ships and vessels, and the persons or goods coming or imported in, or going, and' being put on board the fame, and all ships, vessels, boats, and persons receiving any goods or persons out of the fame, and all persons going on board such ship or vessel, without being duly authorized so to do, them as herein shall be subject to such orders, rules, and directions concerning quarantine, and the preventing infection, as have been or shall be made by the said-chief governor or governors of this kingdom in council, and shall be notified by proclamation as aforesaid.

III. And 10 the end it may be better known whether any ship or vessel carry or contain any irtfedious distemper, or whether fuel) ship or vessel, or the'mariners or cargo coming or imported in the fame, are liable to any orders touching quarantine, be it enacted, That when any order or orders is, are, or shall be made by the lord iieutenant or otiier chief governor or governors of this kingdom and council concerning quarantine and the prevention of infection, and notified as aforesaid, as often as any ship or -vessel shall attempt to enter into any port or place in Ireland, the principal officer of his Majesty's enstoms in such port or place, or such person as shall be nuthorized'to fee quarantine duly performed, shall go off, or cause some other person to be by him appointed for that purpose, to go off to such ship or vessel; and such officer, or other person authorized to fee quarantine performed as aforesaid, or the person so by him appointed for that purpose, shall, at a convenient distance from such

ship

mentioned, shall be subject to rules and orders*

' Duty of person appointed to fee quarantine performed,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 875

ship or vessel, demand of the commander, matter, or other A.D. person having charge of such ship or veffc!, and such command-_er. matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall, upon such demand, give a true account of the following particulars; that is to fav, the name of such ship or vessel, the matt*, of\o. namenf the commander or person having charge thereof, at what place or places the cargo a-nd every part of it was taken on board, what place or places the ship or vessel touched at in her voyage, whether such places, or any, and which of them were infefted with the plague or any other infeflious (Attemper, how long such ship or vessel had been in Iter passage, how many persons were on board when the said ship or vessel set fail, whether any and what persons during that voyage, on board such ship or vessel, had been, or shall be then iilfefled with the plague, how many died in the voyage, and of what distemper, what ships or voflels be, or any of his lliip’s company with his privity went on board, or had any of their company conic on board his ship or vessel in the iiyage, and to what place such ships or vessels belonged, mulatto the true contents of his lading, to the befl of his knowledge, whether his ship or vessel touched at the ille of Rhodes, the Morea, or any part of the coast of Africa within the Mediterranean or the Levant seas, or the port of Magadorc, or whether any of the ship’s company, or any other person on board his ship or vessel had, during the voyage homewards, in manner whatever, any communication with any ship or vessel coming from any of those places, what pilot or pilots, or other persons from the Ihorcs of Ireland have been on board his ship or vessel, or had any communication with his ship’s company, in any manner whatever during the voyage homewards, and whether any of his ship’s company had been ficlc, and of what disorder, in the course of the voyage, or were so at the time the particulars are demanded

v.-hicli particulars so demanded of the commander, mailer, or iice'icdpam. other'jicrfon having charge of such ship or vessel, shall make answer to upon oath, which oath the person who has been, uP"n ""‘'I b>'

r 1 mailers of

or shall be appointed or authorised to fee quarantine duly veflib. performed, is hereby empowered and required to administer to such commander, mailer, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel; and in case it shall appear upon such lamination or otherwise, that any person then on board 10 M a such

8} 6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such ship or vessel shall, at the time of such examination, be actually infected with the plague, or that such ship or vessel is obliged to perform quarantine, in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of any of his Majesty's ships of war, or any of his Majesty's forts or garri-His Majesty's fons, and all other his Majesty's officers whom it may con-oUict shall cern> upon notice thereof given to them, or any of them oblige infected respecti vely, and to and for any other person or persons formquofan- whom they shall call to their aid and assistance, and they are hereby required to oblige such ffiip or vessel to go and repair to such place as hath been, or shall be appointed for performance of quarantine, and to use all necessary means for that purpose, be it by firing of guns upon such ship ot vessel,or any other kind of force or violence whatsoever; and in case any such ship or vessel shall comefrom any place visited with the plague, or have any person on board actually in-Maltera shall fitted, and the commander, matter, or any other person far concealing having charge of such ship or vessel, shall conceal the fame, mfoaion, &c. fucjj commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and suffer death, as in cases of felony, without the benefit of clergy; scot, penalty and in case such commander, matter, or other person having vering parti- charge of such ship or vessel shall, upon such demand made cnlara truly. as a£*oresaid, not make a true discovery in any other of the particulars aforesaid, such commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted,- That if any commander, matter, or other person having charge of any ship or vessel liable to perform quarantine having notice thereof, shall jool.pc- himself quit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any fenman, UTst'orquit^" or passenger coming in such ffiip or vessel, to quit fucfi ship i^otiiera^to' or ve!^ by going on shore, or by going on board any other quit vclfols li-ffiip, boat, or vessel before fuel) quarantine shall be fully rantine."1'0 performed, unless in such cases, and by such proper license as shall be directed or permitted by such order or orders made, or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

infection, and notified as aforesaid, or in case any commander, master, or other person having charge of such flop cr vessel, shall not within convenient time after due notice given for that purpose by the proper officer, -.cause such ship or vessel, and the lading thereof to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for such ffiip or Vessel, and lading, to perform' quarantine, respectively, then and in every such case, every such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, for every such offence shall forfeit thefuni of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the.-King,’ his heirs and TuccelTors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the fame; and also if any person shall so quit such ship or vessel, by going on shore, or by going on board any other ship or vessel contrary to the true meaning of this act, it shall and may be lawful -for all persons -whatsoever by force-or violence to compel such person to . return on board fufch -ship or vessel, and every such person so quitting such ship or vessel, shall for every such offence suffer imprisonnjent for the space-of,six months, end shall also forfeit the Turn of two-hundred pounds, one moiety to the King, his heirs and successors, and the ether moiety to him or them -who will -sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any country or place is or shall be infected with the plague, it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by aaid with the-advice of the privy council, to-order thips to be provided, or to cause houses or lazarets for the receiving and entertaining of persons obliged to perform quarantine as aforesaid, during such time as-they shall continue infected, or until they shall have performed such quarantine respectively, and-also (beds, tents, and other places proper for the depositing, opening, and airing of goods and merchandizes comprized within any such order or orders made, or to be made and notified as aforesaid, to be provided or crefled, to continue for such time or-term as the said chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall think proper and direff, in convenient places within any part of Ireland, to be allowed and approved by two or more neighbouring justices of the peace for the county where the same shall respectively lie, under their hands and

877

A.D. 1800.

1 Sco. Chap. 79.

Penalty on other petfo«» for <|uttt ing fucklhios.

L. li.-jt. an 1 coiPki!

10 order Hups or Jj7.nrct$.:'» be provided for the performance of quarantine } also place* for ailing good.*, to bcappiov*-cd of by two neighbor! ing jufliccj.

S78

A.D. 1800.

i Coo.

' Chap; 79

How such places fiiait be paid for.

Officers to enforce the performance of quarnn-. tint*.

Persons who refuse to perform- quarantine in

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Teals, either in Waste grounds or commons, or where such waste-grounds or commons are not sufficient in the fereral

grounds of arty person or persons whatsoever, not being a house, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted walk or avenue to an house, paying such rate, rent, or consideration

for the fame, to the persons intended therein respectively, ac«

cording to their several interests in the fame, as shall be agreed on between the persons so intereded, their guardians or trustees, and any two persons to be appointed for

that purpose by the lord lieutenant, or other chief go-

vernor or governors of this kingdom, and in case of any difference concerning such rate, rent, or consideration between the peffons so intereded, their guardians or trustees, and such persons so to be appointed by the said chief governor or governors as aforesaid, the justices of the peace at" the next general quarter sessions of the peace, to be held for such county wherein such

grounds shall lie, shall and may order the sheriff to

impannel a jury, and upon the verdict of such jury

adjudge, determine, assess, and settle the fame, and such judgment and determination shall be iinal, and his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall and may hold and enjoy such ground for and during all such time and term as the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such rate, rent, or other consideration as shall be agreed upon, or assessed and adjudged as aforesaid.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the proper officers authorized to put in execution such orders made, or to be made and notified as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to cause and compel all persons obliged to perform quarantine as aforesaid, and all goods and merchandizes comprized within any such orders made, or to be made and notified as aforesaid respectively, to repair or be conveyed to some of the said ships, houses, or lazarets, '(beds, tents, or other places provided as aforesaid, according to i'uJi order or orders made, or to be mads and notified as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who may be obliged to perform quarantine as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to repair, within convenient time after due notice for

The storlieth Year of George III. 8

that purpose given to him, her, or them, by the proper officer, to the ship, house, lazaret, or other place duly appointed for him, her, or them, or having been placed in such ship, house, or i.iza-ret, or other place, shall escape or attempt to escape out of the places V fame before quarantine be fully performed, it shall and may be i’liocfrapc, lawful to, and for the watchmen and olher persons appointed to 10

fee quarantine duly performed by any kind of violence that the fur'ii.bc«. case thall require, to compel every such person l'o refilling or no- ,!cr.i, glettingasaforesaid, and every such perl'on so escaping, or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return into.inch ship, house,

lazaret,'or other place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid,

and every such person so refusing or neglecting to repair, within , convenient time after stich notice as aforesaid, into such ill ip, house, lazaret, or other place appointed for him or her as.'aforesaid; and also every person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall he adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

VIII. And whereas disobedience or refractory behaviour-in persons under quarantine, may be attended with great danger and inconvenience; be it emitted, That all persons liable to perforin

' ’ r 1 Officers to

quarantine, whether in ships, houses, 'lazarets, or elsewhere, shall enforce per-be subject during the said quarantine to- such orders as they shall receive from the proper officers authorized to fee it duly performed, and the said . officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necessary obedience to the said orders, and may ill case of necessity call in others to their assistance, and all persons so called, are hereby required to assist accordingly.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person not infetted Persons net with the plague, nor liable to perform-quarantine, shall presume "nu»pt,«!'H to enter any ship, house, lazaret, or other place so appointed as aforesaid, whilst any person or persons infetted with the plague, shall bccnm-or being under quarantine, or under order to perform quarantine,

shall be therein, and shall return, or attempt to return thence, un- I1"':’

1 fuller

isfs in such cases, ami by such license as shall bc-directed or per- fur escaping. mitted by such order or orders made, or to be made and notified as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the watchmen, or other persons appointed to guard or secure such iliip, house, lazaret, or other place so appointed as aforesaid, by any kind of violence that the case shall require, to compel such person so returning or attempting to return, to repair into such ship, house, lazaret, or other plncctlb appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform quarantine, and in case such person ilia!) actually efcipe out of such ship, house, lazaret, or other place wkae he 01

ic N t lht

880 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 11’,c shall be so placed for performance of quarantine, before he or

' 8°°- Ihe shall have fully performed the fame, be or Iheffiallbe adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuSer death as a felon, without the benefit of clergy.

Penalties X. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or officers of neglect His Majesty's revenue, -or any officer or officers, person or persons bS -°o7da " hatsoever, to whom it doth or shall appertain to execute, or assist mage "duds, in executing any order or orders made, or to be made concerning flmwnot quarantine, or the prevention of infection, and notified as aforesaid, <i tatxajic. 0, ,0 pj,e -tlc fame pUt execution, ffinll be guilty of any wilful breach or neglect of his or their duty in that behalf, every such officer and person so offending, shall forfeit his office or employment in the revenue, or other office or employment, and shall thenceforth become incapable to hold and enjoy the fame, or take a new grant thereof, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King,-Ins heirs-and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall or will sue for the same; and if any such officer or person shall embezzle, or shall . knowingly or willingly damage any goods performing quarantine, under his direction, hc.shall be liable, to pay treble damages, and

Cotton, 'kin?', ha* man hair, and all other articles fpp-rilkd In or- dtre relative to quarantine, shall he subject tolueh orders.

Certificates of perfotm-ar.ee of qj;n-1 inline Co dc j iven, on j-ioot being ticcJe on oath, Ik rein.

full costs of suit.

XI. And whereas cotton,-skins, human hair, and certain other species of goods and merchandizes, are more especially liable to certain iufedion, and may be brought from places infecSed, into other countries, and thence imported into his Majesty-’s dominions iu (l\ips not obliged, to perform quarantine; be it enacted there--fore, That goods and merchandizes which are or shall be particularly specified for that- purpose, ill any order or orders made, or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection, and notified as aforelVud, which shall be imported -into any part of the kingdom of Ireland, from any foreign country or place, in any ffiip or veffi! whatsoever, shall be subject and liable to such. order or orders.made, or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of injeftion, and notified as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after quarantine shall have been duly performed by any ffiip or veil'd, or person or persons obliged to perform quarantine, according to such. order or orders made, or to be made ani notified as aforef.-.id, and upon proof to be made by the oaths of the manor or other person having charge of such ffiip or veffi.1, and of two of the persons belonging to such ship or vclLl, or upon proof, to be made by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, before the cullomcr, comptroller, or collector of tin: port where such quarantine Hull be performed, or

fllC

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the next port thereunto, or before any of their deputies, or any justice of peace living near to'such port where such quarantine shall have been performed within this kingdom, which persons are hereby authorized and required to administer' inch oath, that such ship or vessel, and all and every such person and persons- respectively, have duly performed quarantine as aforesaid, and that the ship nr vessel, anti all and every stich person and persons, arc free from infection,-then and in the said respective cases, such customer, comptroller, Or collector, or any of their deputies, together with the salt! justice of the peace as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby required to give a certificate thereof, and thereupon such ship or veil'd, and all and every such person and persons so having performed quarantine, shall not be liable to any further red raint or detention upon the fame account for which Inch' ship or vessel, person or persons shall have performed quarantine as afqre-

88 x

a. r>.

1800. Chap. 79.

laid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the officer before whom 'N0f«of such oath shall be made, and by whom such certificate shall be oau"8 flwi given, shall not for such respective czth and certificate, demand or

take any fee or reward whatsoever.

XIV. Provided neverlhelefe, and be it enacted, That all goods, Goods 10 wares and merchandizes imported in any ship or vessel coming.

from a. place which the said chief governor and council shall deem quarantine,

1 . as dinged

to be infected, or on board which ship or vessel any person shall order of 1. be found infected, shall after quarantine performed, be opened lK"t- &l" and aired in such place or places, and for such lime, and in such manner, as - Avail be directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or -governors of this kingdom, by such order or orders to be made and notified as aforesaid; and after such order shall have been duly complied with, and proof shall be made thereof by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, before the customer, comptroller, or collector of the port lying next to such place or places where such goods, wares, or merchandizes shall have been opened and aired as afortfjid, or any of their deputies; and any justice of the peace living near the laaie, who are hereby authorized and required to administer such oath, upon certificate and return of such proof by such comptroller or collector, or any of their deputies; and such justice of c,0,k m w the peace as aforesaid, who are hereby rel'pectively required to make such certificate and return to the commissioners of his Mu- <»« foici.-.

diicaul its'

jesty’s revenue of this kingdom, Inch goods, wares and mcreuan- pnkmuM, dizes shall be forthwith discharged from any restraint or detention llJU'L " Oil the fame account, by order of the said commissioners, or any Vol. XX. to 0 two

88 j / The Fortieth Year of George. Ill-

A.D. 1800.

two of them; for every which oath, certificate and order, no fee l See. , or reward whatsoever fiirdl be demanded or taken.

Provided always, and be it enacted,: That if any officer or person shall demand or take any fee or reward whatsoever for any such oath, order or certificate, to be administered or made hi pursuance of this act, every person so offending shall forfeit lit;

lOol penally foptle-i landing routing a so.

Gt.vCVS.

wuiclimcn, 5cc. v.-lu deviate from tli. duty itcrcliy prefcrrfrtt?, shall fulfer tiiia’.h.

- forfeits v-5u) cutccal tfom oftfors, fi- rinvcy t^oods, let-tert, &e. ciandclliticly, shall suffer ti.ath.

Smuggling ia rarried oa> v/lii'jltj in time of iii-fc&ion, may

be dangerous.

i sum of one hundred-pounds, one moiety thereof to his M.;je!ly. - Ins heirs and fuceefiors, and the other moiety to him or them, who . will fire for the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or other person appointed to fee quarantine duly performed, or any perfor. placed or appointed as a watchman,’ upon any ship, house, lazaret, or other place for performance of quarantine, in pursuance of this act, shall desert from his or their duty, where employed on the said business of quarantine, or shall knowingly and willingly permit, or suffer any Inch person, ship, or vessel, to-depart,-or any goods or merchandizes to be conveyed out of any ship, house, lazaret, or other place respectively appointed for performance of quarantine, ir.tlcfs in such cases, and by such -license, as are or shall he directed or permitted by fume order or orders made, or to be made, and notified by proclamation'as aforesaid; orif any person directed as aforesaid to give a certificate of- a ship having duly performed quarantine, or airing, shall knowingly give a false certificate, thea and in every of the f.ud cases, every such officer and person so riffending shall be adjudged guilty of felony, - and shall (tiller death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or ersons shall knowingly and wilfully -conceal: from the officers of quarantine, or shall clandestinely convey.any letters, goods, wares or merchandizes, from any ship--under -quarantine, or liable to -perform quarantine by any ffidi order to be made as aforesaid, or from any lazaret, or other place where-goods shall be performing quarantine, every such person so offending, shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVIII. And whereas it is notorious-that fiotwithfianriing the many good laws made to prevent the clandestine importation of customabie and prohibited goods and merchandizes, a pernicious trade of that kind is ffidi carried on in open boats or vessels of final burden, which privately put into creeks and-secret places on the eoafi, t:\eicby el'caping the observation of the officers of the revenue, wi-idi prafitice may prove highly detrimental to the safety of this kingdom during a lime of infc&ion; for prevention

whereof

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

rvlicreof, be it enacted, That when any part of Ireland, Great Britain, or ...th e iiles df Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, and Man, or any pari of 'France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, or the Low Countries, shall be infected with the plague, it snail and may be lawful to and for th: chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by his or their proclamation, to prohibit and rcllrain all finall boats and velfe's, under the harder, cf twenty tons, from failing or passing out of any port or place cf Ireland, ltn'il feenrhy be first given by the mailer cf every such boat or reflcl respectively, to 'the satisfadio:. of the principal efneer of the customs, or the chief ir.agiltra; rf the port or place whence such boat or vdfel shall fail, by bond: when to the king, his heira, nr f-icccfiors, with fufTicient ftiretics in the penalty of three hundred pounds, with condition that inch boat or veiled shall not go to or touch at any country, port or place to be mentioned for that purpose in such proclamation, and if the mailer or other person having charge of such boat-or vessel, and all and every mariner and mariners, passenger or passengers, going in such boat or vessel, (lull, during the time afcrcfliid, not go on board any ether ship rr vessel at sea, and if such mailer or other person having charge cf any such boat or vessel, snail not permit any person or persons to conic on board such boat or vessel at sea from any other iliip or veil'd, and snail not during the time aforesaid receive any goods raid merchandizes whatsoever out of any other ship or vessel, then inch bond shall be void, and for which bond no fee or reward r.hatlbcver shall be taken: and in case any boat or vessel for which such securiry shall be required by such proclamation, shall set fail t-r pals out of any port or place of this kingdom before such fe-carity be given ns aforesaid, cveiy such boat or vessel so failing or piiiing out of any port or place contrary to the true intent and nearting of this act, together with her tackle, apparel, and fur-. riutre, shall be forfeited to the king, his heirs and successors, and Hull and may be l’eized, Cued for, and recovered in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Dublin, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, inj fuceclfots, and the matter of and every mariner failing in any llirli boat or vessel, being thereof lawfully convicted upon Ills or their appearance or default, upon the oath or oaths of onc or more credible witness or witnesses, by one or more justice or justices ol‘ the peace where such offender shall be found, which oath such julliee or justices of the peace are hereby empowered and required to admi-itiilcr, shall forfeit the film cf twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to ihc poor of the parish where such offender shall be found, ihc fame to be levied by dillrcfi and file of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and leal, or 10 O a hands

883

A.B.

1 So?. Chap. 79.

Wlirn rr/ or the p’sm

nr ;«! lbr.il h-: infeft-

cd Vila W.c J.l.lgUC, *»,

rr.y/ lie iiTucd to pr?YCrt vefirfo unrlc:-:o ton'; fr.'m f-iili^rr* wnt«l foca: fty IK’!

hr pvn as

herein direct cX

Penalties for

failing before such security is given.

Proclamation rthtive o quarantine to be

read in chan he.?, and all other places of 'worthip, in places speci-ikd.

What shall be deemed sufficient no-tier.

The 'Ftrileih Year of George III. hands or foals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, anti for want 01 sufficient dil-tress every such offender shall, by such jadice or justices,.be committed to prison, there to remain without bail or mainprize io: the space of three months.

XIX. And to the end that-all persons may know howto-demean themselvco in the premises, be it further enacted, That when anil as often as the lord lieutenant, or other chief, governor or governors of this kingdom shall make any order or orders concerning quarantine and the prevention of infection, and notify the fame by proclamation as aforesaid, such proclamation shall be publickly read upon the nest Sunday after the receipt of the fame, and the first Sunday in every month afterwards, during the time such order shall continue in force immediately after the prayers in all pariflx churches, and-other places set apart for divine worship within such -counties and places as Hull be specified for that, purpose in such proclamation.

XX. And whereas it may be deemed necessary in certain cases, that the person or persons offending against this act should have actual notice of the orders in council of the ford lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, touching and respecting quarantine; and whereas it is frequently impossible to prove such actual notice; therefore be it enacted, That it shall -not he necessary to

give any act.ua! notice of any order or orders of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, or of any regulation; therein contained, which are now in force, or hereafter may lie in force touching and respecting quarantine; anil that it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, by any order or orders hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a time or times after which the publication of such order or orders in the Dublin gazette shall he deemed and taken to be sufficient notice to all persons concerned of all and every such order and orders.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every commander, matter, and other person having the charge of any ship, or vessel liable to the performance of quarantine, shall, and is hereby required,

Voiicis Ha- from and after the passing of this act, in case of meeting or faffing ra!iiinc<1Si in with any ship or vessel at sea, or within four leagues of the fi^at ih-loW C0a^ t*lls coast of this kingdom, -to hoist a particular signal,

rr.ahi top- to denote that his vessel is liable to quarantine, such signal for

:r.ali bead,

the Fortieth Year of George III. SS

the day time to he a large yellow flag at the main topmast head, A.D. and for the night to be a light at the fame mad head, on failure whereof such commander, matter, and other person, having V|]2X3"!' charge of such ship or vessel, so liable to the performance of qua- i.i the «la>-P rantine, shall -forfeit for every such offence the him of two lnm- at* nc^ht,' dred pounds. paisley ioai.

XXII. And be it enacted, That all and every penalty and How pc. forfeiture which may be incurred by any breach or violation of m,tl's

*/ VCCuVC3c.il.

this act, or of any order or orders of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, now or hereafter to be made, touching or respecting quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or puli-lished in the Dublin gazette, shall be sued for, and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majei-ty’s courts of record, at Dublin, one moiety thereof to the uf’e of Iris Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall fuc for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit i, shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing

done in pursuance of this present act, the defendant or defendants =ct. !--in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had "'rJ‘a"(:-thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the authority of the said ‘aft; and if it shall appear so to have been done, and the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, -after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall have been given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble Treble costs, costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendant or defendants hath, or have in other cases by the law.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no attainder No corrup-of felony by virtue of this act shall extend to work any corrup- or^urLlure1 tion of blood, or forfeiture of any goods, chattels, lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

10 P

CHAP.

2"be Fortieth Year of George III.

W6

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. LXXX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesi/s Reign, entitled. An Act for regulating the E led ion of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, and to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of said Reign, entitled. An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

I‘ i id ;v the Jtrjl day of one ikoufand right hundred, Royal Jjfent gixen,

JOHN CAVER, D. CLER. mi.

Recital 35 Geo. 3.

RjcIu! 37 Oco. 3.

doubts 51 s to city and parts of liberties of Londonderry, and also town and parSgf liberties of Coleraine:

-doubts r.s to Wgiflry of freeholds in laid placec

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for regulating the election of members to serve in farliament, and for repealing the several acts therein mentioned: And whereas an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of the said reign, entitled, An act for the further regulation of members to serve in parliament, and it is necessary to explain and amend the fame: and whereas by said acts it is required that every freeholder of any county registering his freehold, shall, in the oath or affirmalion to be by him taken for that purpose, set out the barony or half barony wherein such freehold is situated: And whereas

doubts have arisen whether the city of Londonderry, and that part of the liberties thereof which is situate and lying on the north-west fide of the river Fdyle; and also whether the town of Coleraine, and that part of the liberties thereof which is situate and lying on the north-east 'fide of the river . Bann, in the county of Londonderry, are comprized or included in any barony or half barony, in the said county of Londonderry, or are in themselves respectively baronies or half baronies, for the purposes of registering of freeholds within the provisions of the said recited acts: And whereas doubts have likewise arisen, whether any freeholder, whose freehold is situate in the said city of Londonderry, and in the said part of the liberties thereof, or in the said town of Coleraine, and in the said part of the liberties thereof, and who ha9 registered his freehold as being so situate, is entitled

The Fortieth Year of George Hilled by virtue of such registry, under the provisions of the said acts, to vote at any election for a knight or knights of the shire Jo serve in parliament for the said county of Londonderry; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act the said city of Londonderry, and that part of the said liberties thereof situate and lying on the north-west fide of the river Foyle and the said town of Coleraine, and that part of the said liberties thereof situate and lying on the north-east fide of the river Bann, shall be considered as separate and distinct half baronies of the said county of Londonderry, for th'c purposes within the meaning of said acts, notwithstanding any law, custotn, or usage to the contrary.

II. And be it further enacted, That the (herifls of the said city and county of Londonderry, when they have reason to apprehend a contest, or shall be required by any candidate at any election to be held by them, as in the said act is mentioned, shall cause to be erected two separate booths, or hire two separate buildings, one for the city of Londonderry, and said part of the said' liberties thereof, and one for the town of Coleraine, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, txclusive of the several other booths or buildings required in and by laid acts to be erected or hired for the several baronies and half 'baronies in and within the said county; and in every other respect, with regard to the said city, and said part of said liberties and said town, and said part of said liberties respectively, shall pursue the same rules and regulations as are prescribed thereby for baronies or half baronies, and shall appoint a cleric and deputy for said city, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, and for the said town, and the said part of the said liberties thereof respectively, in the like manner as ;in and by said acts is directed rel'pcding the several baronies or half baronies therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That on every election for a knight or knights -of the shire for the said county of Londonderry, every freeholder whose freehold shall be registered as situate in the said city of Londonderry, and the said part o( the said liberties thereof, or in the said town of

xo P 2 Coleraine,

887

A.D. 1800.

1 So c. Chap. 80.

fai placet ftiail be confe-dcretl as lrpt.

late linlfba-

ronied.

Sheriffs of Londonderry shall caitfo

two separate bioilut.} be ei-nled, or hire two buddings, when ne-celfai y, for said places, ami shall appoint a cleric ami J. p tty

for Clift.

Freeholder* of said places M be polled atthwrrespec-tive booth?.

m

i A D.

18co. Chap. 80,

Wulili barony or Jutlf barony» &e; &c. may be omitted in regillry of frecliolibm f id places and words herein shall by-infetted in their place.

part to be rrgillered as in half barony of Ter-kcerin.

part in half barony of Coleraine.

Freeholds not to he deemed unduly registered.

The Fortieth Year of' George III.

Coleraine, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, and offering to vaie, shall be polled in thedtooth,- building, or place respectively appropriated to fi.itl city, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, or for the said town, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, as the case may be, as fully and efTcdlually as if-the fame were baronies or half baronies, within the meaning of said acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the regiflry of all freeholds situate in the said city of Londonderry, or in the said part of the said liberties thereof, or in the said town of Coleraine, or said part of the said liberties thereof respectively, the words barony or half barony, baronies or half baronies, town-land or tawns-Iands, as dire (fled in the said a els to be mentioned in the oath or affirmation of the person registering the fame, shall be omitted therein, and the words city of Londonderry, or that part of the liberties thereof situate and lying on the north-west fide of the river Foyle, or town of Coleraine, or that part of the . liberties thereof situ.ite and lying on the north-east fide of the river Bann, as the case may be, shall be respectively inserted in their place, and that such regiflry shall be, to all intents, good andcfledlual, any thing in said atfls contained to the contrary notwithstandingprovided always, That that part of the liberties-of the said city of Londonderry situate and lying on the north-east fide of the river Foyle, shall be deemed and taken as part of the half barony of Terkeerin, in the said county of Londonderry, and that all'freeholds situate in said last mentioned part of said liberties shall be henceforth registered, pursuant to the provisions of said acts, as being and lying; in the said half barony of Terkeerin; and also, that that part of the liberties of Coleraine situate on the iiorth-weftrfide of the river Bann, shall be deemed and taken as part of the half barony of Coleraine; and that all freeholds situate in the said lnft mentioned part of said,liberties of Coleraine shall be henceforth registered, pursuant to the provisions of the said acts, at being and lying in the said half barony of Coleraine.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no freehold registered since the passing of said acts, or either of them, and situate and lying within the said city and liberties of Londonderry, or the said town and liberties of Coleraine.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 889

raine, shall be deemed to be un.ruly or not properly regis- A.D. tered, for or on "account of the omission or insertion in the r5®00* oath or affirmation taken or made in order to register the fame, of the words, barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies, for or on account of the said city and liberties of Londonderry, or said town and liberties of Coleraine, not being mentioned or described therein, or for, or on account of their being improperly mentioned or described therein, but that every person whose freehold being situate in the said city and liberties of Londonderry, or in said town and liberties of Coleraine, shall have been so registered, shall, notwithstanding such omission or insertion, be admitted to vote at any election for a knight or knights of the shire for the said county of Londonderry, to serve in parliament, the test of the writ for holding of which election shall bear date before the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the peace shall omit or negleift to keep any of the books of registry of freeholders, in the manner and form prescribed by

pc-

jorf. mil you dales of pace for mglcding to

law, or to file any affidavit or affirmation delivered to him of^giiUy* by the court to be filed, he shall, for every such offence alll‘ forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered against him by any freeholder who shall sue for the same by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no essoign, wager at la w, nor more (ban one imparlance shall be allowed; and if any clerk of 111of

the peace shall destroy, or wilfully or negligently permit to be p«for

1 /in , n r 1 J 1 transgicffioiw

destroyed, or ilia 11 mslicioimy, fraudulently, corruptly, or b.^ndc wilfully make or permit, or suffer to be made any alteration, erasure, obliteration, or interlineation in any such book of registry, or neglect to attend, by himself, or his sufficient deputy, at any clctfion For a member or members to serve in parliament for any county, town, or city, with all and Angular the hooks of the registry of the freeholders therein, and the affidavits on which the fame arc formed, and to remain there during the whole continuance of such election, lie shall, upon being duly convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be imptifoned for three years, or fufter such other punishment as the court shall Vol. XX. 10 O, think

890 The. Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

think fit, and shall be for ever after incapable of holding the office of clerk of the peace.

CHAP. LXXXI.

-f

An Act to enable all ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Redon, Vicars, and Curates, and Impropriators, and tkafe deriving by, from, or tinder them, to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes -withheld from them in the Year One thousand/even hundred and ninety-nine, against fitch Persons as were liable to the same.

Friday the Fitfl Day of Aitgitjl, One ihc.ftnd eight hundred* Royal /Jfies! given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

[Preamble.]

TN order to give a just compensation to all ecclesiastica!|persons and bodies, and to all reflors, vicars, and curates, and impropriators of the several parishes in this kingdom, and those deriving by, from, or under them, who by means of violence, threats, unlawful oaths and combinations, murders, robberies, and devaluations, which were exercised with uncommon cruelty and fury during the laic unnatural rebellion, and which are yet exercised in several parts of this kingdom, have not received the^ tithes, or the amount of the securities for the said tithes, for the year one thonfiknd seven hundred and ninety-nine, due to them in their respective capacities, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representafives of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, shall, on or before the first day of September, one thousand eight

b.undred, give nolire in writing, subscribed by his or her name and hand-writing, and directed to the pnri hioners of the parish or union, to the tithes of which they w.cre respectively entitled in the said year one thousand seven lii’.n-drert and ninety-nine, signifying his or her intention t-' proceed in the manner by this act directed, for the recovery 'f

lucii

Isoticcto be iivcn on or

iicfotc 1 Sept s Kco, by cc*

Ions and niters, of iV eulioi) to jiocci'd for

891

A.D. 1800.

iSco. Chap. Si.

if there he k'"v0T°1f

tiilks with.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

J o

such tithes in such parishes or unions, in the said year one ihnufand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and whether by petition or civil Kill, which notice shall be polled on the door of the church of said p.irish or union any church within the same in which divine service shall be held in 1-59. celebrated, and if not, on the market-house, or in some shall bepatt-conspicuous place in the market town within, or next ad-'"1' joining to such paridi or union.

II. And be it enacted, That every such ccclcfiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, or the representatives of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, having given such notice as aforesaid; and also every person aforesaid, who by the means aforesaid had been prevented from receiving his tithes, or'any part of the fame, or the securities or the amount of the securities for the fame, or any part thereof, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, may, at his cledion, proceed for the recovery of the just value of the tithes of the paridi or

union to which he was entitled as aforesaid, in the said vear Hmvj-r-

; " foils eitfitkil

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, either by pe- to tithes ft»0 tition to his Majesty's court of chancery or court of exche- 1’roc"'‘1' quer, in manner herein after mentioned, or by civil bill, in the county in which such parish or union, or part of such p’arish or union is'situated, in the same manner as required by law for proceeding for recovery of debts by civil bill, such suits to be commenced within the lpace of two years from the passing of this act.

III. And be it enacted, That in case any such ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, who shall proceed by petition to the said courts of chancery or exchequer, shall in Petition* =*» such petition set forth whether he claims the tithes of such 'y or«-parish or union as an ccclcfiastical person or body, or as

restor, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, or as deriving by, from, or under any of them, and whether lie is as such entitled to the whole or a pari of such tithes; and if a part, what proportion of such tithes he is entitled to, and shall annex to fuel) petition a schedule of the names and places of Sdinlulffl.ni-

1 ,_r.cxul tu I*-

abode of the several person?, occupiers of land in such pa- liiii'm.

rid) or union, or of the executors or ad min ill raters of such

ic Q,2 persons,

Schedules verified by affidavit.

Said courts may make orders on such petitions.

Where valuation of tithes i ould net be mde, averse IhallbefeL iurtli.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

persons, if any of them be dead, against whom he seeks to recover the value of the tithes of the said year, and the total value of the tithes, without specifying the particulars for the said year, claimed against such persons respectively and shall also set forth in such schedule the amount of such tithes .(if any) as were paid in kind by any such persons, or for which satisfaction was made in money, and the amount thereof, the truth of which petition and schedule shall be verified by affidavit or affidavits, according to the best knowledge and belief of the person or persons swearing the fame, that the sums claimed from the several persons respectively for tithes, for the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, are made up as near as in the deponent’s power or ability to do the fame, to the different rates per acre, or otherwise, which have for the three years next preceding the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, been, after all just allowances and abatements, really and bona jiit paid or secured for tithes of the like kind and quality within the said parish or union 5 and that there is no charge in the said schedule for any kind of tithes or dues, which have not really and bona fide been paid or secured by the parish-ioners of the said parish or union, within the aforesaid three years next preceding the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said courts of chancery and exchequer, respectively, to make an order upon such petition, referring the same to such officer or.person as the said courts respectiue shall, in manner as by this act specified, appoint, and requiring such officer or person to examine into the truth of the contents thereof, and to report to the said courts respectively whether any, and what sums of money are due by such persons respectively, to such ecclesiastical person or body, reftor, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator or rc-presentative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them,: for the tithes of the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; provided always, that in case it shall appear, by any affidavit to be anncxid to any such petition, that a valuation of the tithes for the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, could not be made, by means of force or terror, or unlawful oaths and combinations, or that such valuation was actually made,

hut

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

but that the notes or items of such valuation have been destroyed by any riotous persons or mobs, or by any unlawful means whatsoever, or loft, or that the person or persons who made such valuation is, or arc dead, or prevented by fear and terror, or by unlawful oaths and combinations from proving, or appearing to prove such valuation or valuations, or to give any proper information thereof to the petitioner or petitioners, then and in all such cases it shall not be necessary to set forth in any such petition or schedule the value of the tithes therein specified for the f.iid year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, but instead thereof the average-value of the tithes of the respective lands for three years next preceding the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, within which tithes had been paid, according to the best knowledge and belief of the person ftvearing tile fame, shall be set forth, and the same shall be fufScieiit.

IV. Provided always, and be it candled. That in every case where it shall appear to the satisfaction of the court of equity to which application shall be made to obtain satisfaction for titiies, from the report of the referee who shall take the account, or otherwise, or to the judge who shall try any civil bill under this act for the recovery of tithes, that las tithes in question were or have been, after due notice, fairly, Iioncftly, and bona fide set out, without fraud or col-!u!ion, and that the person or persons entitled to such tithes had not by any violence, terror, threat, fraud, combination, or other unfair or undue means, prevented from availing himself of such setting out, and of receiving the benefit of such tithes, as in justice and confcicncc lie might, then and in every such case no recovery or compensation for tithes shall l'e had under this act; and for the better information of Rdems t» every such court of equity, the referee, or person ordered to take the account of tithes under this act, shall report to the said court all evidence before him touching the matters afotc-fiiti; and every such court of equity, and every such judge 'vhn thall, as to all parties, have an equitable jurisdiction, shall and may receive evidence of any general refusal to levy or take tithes in every parish or union from which such complaint shall come, the better to enable such court and judge Voi. XX. 10R to

Where n

appears that tithes Wire fairly ami ho-neftly set out, no iccoreiy or compensation shall be had.

report evidence to

Courts may appoint accounts to be taken, and order recom-peiice for trouble in so doing.

Copies of petition.;, See. fee. anti notices limit be ported up before officerr. proceed in

aking I'ucJi iicoounts.

Officers to make report.

I f persons named tit petitions do not attcud, orders fluill be made ar.iinli them.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to determine whether the person entitled to tithes had been prevented as aforesaid.

V. And whereas the nature and the value of the property claimed by such petitions would not admit of the expence and length of time usual in carrying on, in the ordinary way, proceedings oil accounts before the officers of the Aid courts; be it enacted, That the said courts respectively may appoint such person or persons as the said courts shall respectively think proper to take the said accounts, and to order that such accounts be taken in such manner as the Aid courts respectively shall think just; and such person or persons so to be appointed, shall be respectively paid such recompence for their pains and labour in taking such accounts, and in making the said report, as the said courts respectively shall think fit, such recompence to be in lieu and satisfaction of all fees whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such officer or person who shall be directed to take any such accounts, shall proceed in taking any account in pursuance of such petition and order, unless it shall appear to him by affidavit, that a copy of such petition, schedule, affidavit and order, and also a summons or notice expressing the time and place appointed for proceeding on the said account, has been passed on the door of the church of the said parish or union, and if there be any church within the same in which divine service is usually celebrated, and if not, on the market-house, or in some conspicuous place in the market town in or next adjoining to the said parish or union, at lead twenty-one days before the time appointed for proceeding on such account, and thereupon, and without any other notice whatsoever, such officers or persons respectively are hereby required, in a summary manner, to examine into the matter to them respetlivclv referred, and to ascertain the films due by cacti person for such tithes, and make a report, or at the desire of the petitioner, separate reports thereof to the fai.i courts rolpedlively, from time to time; and in case any person named in such petition or schedule so to he polled a> aforesaid, shall not, by himself or herself, or by any attorney or solicitor, attend in pursuance of such summons or notice, such petition, as to every such person, shall be taken

7 r.s

The Fortieth Year of George III. 895

as confessed, and an order shall be forthwith made as against A- D. every such person upon such petition, for the sums therein respectively charged against every such person, and for reason-ablecofts, at the discretion of the court, and no exception shall be received to any report made upon such petition, but the court shall upon such report make such order thereon as to fuel) court flrall fccmjuft, and no appeal shall lie against any No appeal, order made upon such petition; provided always, that in case it shall appear in manner as aforesaid, that any such ecclc-iiastical person, or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any im- Abatements

' , r util of value

propriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving such titUi, by, from, or under any of them, intended to make any abatement out of the value of the tithes payable by any person for the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, then no greater sum shall be ordered to be paid by any such person than what shall remain after deducing the fnm intended to lie abated; and in case it shall appear that any such ceded,iliical person or body, rector, vicar or curate, or impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, hath-received ar.y of such tithes in kind, or satisfaction in money for the fame, allowance shall be made for the value or amount thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said courts respectively may process can!': prccels to he issued in the nature of an injunction to the flic- cd

riff, commanding him to levy such sum as shall be a-.varded iWhfums. again!} any party, together with one shilling in the pound for levying the fame, out of the goods and chattels of such party, and for want of (licit goods, commanding him to take the body of Inch p.trtv into execution for the same.

VII [ And be it on,lifted, That the said courts respectively may B«ks&c.

order that books, writings, and evidences, in the custody, power, jj,.},! imo

or possession of the said parties, or of any other person or per- c0Ult’

Ions, which may be nccelTary to enable the fail) officers or persons to take the accounts by this act directed to be taken by litem,

shall he brought into the said courts respectively, am! produced

on taking the said accounts; provided alvvavs, that in any calc In oiks of ' 1 , / unluft

"here any dilatory orunjult proceedings shall appear on the part c«(!i,1!s nett the defendant, the court of equity respectively may direct such defendant to cuter into security for the payment of such colts as gi«feemity-the said courts respectively shall award in the said cattle, and on to E s the

896 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the defendant failing so to do, the petition to be taken as con-

1800. felled against the defendant, and no objection to any such petition, on account of the demands thereby fought to be recovered being of a distinct nature, nor for want of parties shall be received; and no such petition shall abate on account of the death of any of the parties thereto, and in case of any such death the petitioner may proceed against the representatives of any person lb dying, having lirft served them with a notice thereof, and upon it’s appearing to such officer or person to whom any such accounts shall be referred, that such notice had been given, such officer or person shall proceed in taking the account against the representatives of any person so dying, in the same manner as against the said person were he or she living, and the said courts respectively shall proceed thereon accordingly.

Interrogate)-

IX. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be ad-fw're°d.be a" mhted to take any defence to any such petition, shall, within such time as the said courts respectively shall think proper, on the proceedings before such officer or person to whom such accounts shall be referred, answer such personal interrogatories as shall be exhibited to him or her on behalf of any such petition, touching the quantities or values of the tithes for the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, of the lands which such person, or the person or persons of whom he or she is or are the representative or representatives, held in said year.

Civil bills X. And be it further enacted, That in case any such ecclesi-brought for a^ca* Person or body, vicar or curate, or any impropriator, or recovery of the representative of any person deriving by, from, or under any

tithes for.

said year, Of -them, shall proceed by civil bill lor recovery of any tithes edln'13" claimed by him or them for the said year one thousand seven herein. hundred and ninety-nine, such civil bill may be brought against any of the persons subject to the payment of such tithes for his or their separate demand against any of them; or in case any of them be dead, against the executors or administrators of such persons respectively, without any previous procels or proceeding in any ecclesiastical court, any law or ulage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such civil bills may be brought, although the sums claimed therein may exceed the sum for which civil bills are limited by law to be brought.

14 days

XI. And be it enacted, That where any such ecclesiastical per-1 "oiled as l°n or body, rector, vicar or curate, or any impropriator, or the Lrein, before representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any d'nbill of them, shall proceed by civil bill as aforesaid, notice in writing

court- shall be ported on the door of the church of the parish or union,

if

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

if there be any parish church within the same in which divine service is usually celebrated, and If not, on the market-house, or on some conspicuous place in the market town in or next adjoining to the parish or union, at least fourteen days before the day of the fitting of the court in which such civil bill shall be sued in, in which notice, or in a schedule to be annexed thereto, shall be set forth the names and places of abode of the several persons, occupiers of land, in such parish or union, or of the executors or administrators of such persons, if any of them be dead, against whom he seeks to recover the value of the tithes for the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the total value of the tithes, without specifying the particulars claimed against such persons respectively, if such tithes have been valued, and if not, the average value of the tithes respectively for the three years wherein tithes had been paid, or agreed to be paid, next preceding the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and if any such persons have paid any such tithes iti kind, or given satisfaction in money for the fame, the value, or the amount thereof, shall be set forth in such schedule, and proof of such notice being made, no other notice, fuminons, or service whatsoever shall be necessary to enable any such ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, to proceed on any such civil bill; and in case no defence If Ml be made to any such civil bill, the Turn appearing by such f«>« I. notice or schedule to be due by the person not taking defence, sum'diM shall be deemed the sum due by him, without further proof.

XII. And be it' enabled, That if on any of the proceedings aforesaid, the title of any cccleliaflical person or body, reftor, vicar or curate, or any impropriator, or representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, to the tithes claimed, shall'bc controverted, general reputation of his being the person entitled to such tithes shall be fullieient evidence to entitle him to recover the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That on the hearing of any civil bill ...,v o. under this act, no jury shall be impannelled, nor shall any appeal <mii

from any decree to be made on any such civil bill lie received.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear tli.it by any AJm-nintr murder, vobbetv, conflagration, force, terror, threats, impolilion

of unlawful oaths, or any violent, unlawful, or undue means 01 vriawrut whatsoever, any ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or cti->ate, or any impropriator, or the represeniative of or person dc-

Vou XX. riviim

shall be deem cd due.

Reputation

diall be evidence of title.

898

A.D. 1800.

1800: Chap. 81.

Average value of tithes to be enquired into i.rfueh cases.

What shall be done where validations, or notes thereof, have been dcltroj'ed, &c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

riving by, from, or under any of them, or those employed by him, them, or any of them, hath or have been prevented from viewing or valuing any tithes for the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or that by any such means he or they is or are deprived of the evidence of any necessary witness, or that the heft kind of evidence cannot be obtained, then and in every such case, the said courts respectively, and the officers or persons to whom such accounts shall be referred, may admit and accept of evidence of an inferior nature, according to the nature and circumstances of the case; and the said courts of chancery and exchequer, and the judge in the civil bill court, whenever the proceedings shall be by civil bill, and such officers and persons as aforesaid, to whom such petition shall be referred, shall in every such case enquire into the average value of said tithfes, for three years in which such tithes shall have been paid, next preceding the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall consider the evidence of the average value for the said Virce years as proof of the value of the said tithes for said one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and also the average value of the tubes for each denomination of land for the said three years, as proof of the value of the tithes of the fame denomination for said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XV. And be it enacted, That in every case where it shall appear that the valuation of the tithes of the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, had been made, or that notes had been executed for the value of the tithes of all or of any of the denominations of land within any parish or union for the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by the several occupiers thereof to the persons claiming the said tithes, or to those employed by them to receive and collect the fame, and that the books or papers containing such valuation or notes of such valuation, and the said tithe notes had been maliciously destroyed, or that the persons in whose possession or custody the fame were or have been murdered, or by threats, terror, or im of unlawful oaths prevented from producing and proving the fame, or that the same are forcibly and fraudulently withheld or loll, that then, and in all such cases, it shall be considered to all intents and purposes as if the said ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, and those employed by him or them, had been prevented from viewing or valuing the said tithes for the said year one thousand seven hundred

SThe Fortieth Year of George III. 899

dred and ninety-nine, and if no notes whatsoever had been executed for the value of said tithes in said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ninej

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons p,rrons shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly take or swear any oath or who (War or affidavit, or take or make any affirmation to be taken before any fhui'i'fiifcf.tr person or persons in pursuance of this act, and be thereof law- WjWy fully convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, he, ffie, or they so offending, shall for every such offence, incur and suffer such penalties, pains and disabilities, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are, by any of the laws now in force in this kingdom, liable unto; or if any person or per- Subornati«» fons shall corruptly procure or f'uborn any other person to take injury, or swear such false oath or affidavit, or make such false affirmation, and the person or persons so procuring or suborning shall be thereof convicted by verdict, or by his, her, or their confession, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, pains and disabilities, as persons confided of subornation of perjury are, by any of the laws now in force in this kingdom, liable unto.

XVII. And be it declared and enacted, That in all proceedings Non,tice. which shall be had under this act, no other or further notice, '"'W5

are n.cntiouet:

summons, or service whatever shall be required, whether such in lUhnd proceedings be by petition or civil bill, other than the notices mentioned in this act, the fame having been substituted in the place of all other notices whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it declared and enacted, That every injunction under this act shall issue without any demand or proceedings sub- unchr tlu; sequent to the order made, or to be made on the report In this act mentioned, in like manner as executions upon judgments in the courts of law.

to S 2

(: I I A P.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXXII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of building and improving on Glebe Lands.

Friday the F'trjl day of August) One ihottfand eight hundred, Royal Assent given,

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARI.

[Preamble.]

Vicars general in absence of strchbishops

may receive, approve of, ana sign writings U'ndetal by bciicficcd

tltigy, in

liUlillUl |)1T-

jvished b; 12 G. I.

T "TT WHEREAS several archbishops and bishops of this \ Y kingdom are at times obliged to absent themselves therefrom, and no persons are empowered during such their absence, to approve of and sign writings containing accounts of the nature and extent of buildings and improvements intended to be erected and made on glebe lands, or to sign or execute certificates, charging the successors of such ecclesiastical persons as may intend to build or improve, or who have built or improved on their glebe lands, within the respective diocefcs of such archbishops and bishops as are or may be absent from this kingdom, during their absence respectively, with the payment of any sum of money on account of such buildings and improvements, pursuant to the laws now in being, for the encouragement of building and improving on glebe lands in this kingdom, whereby many ecclesiastical persons are delayed, impeded, and prevented from building and improving on glebe lands; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the vicar general of each diocese within this kingdom, during the absence of any archbishop or bishop of such diocese from this kingdom, to receive, approve of, and sign a writing, tendered to him by any ecclesiastical person holding a benefice within such diocese, subscribed by such ccclcfuftieal pci ton in the manner prescribed and directed by an act of parliament, passed in this kingdom in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the first, entitled. An eli to amend and explain an Act, entitled, An act to a-con rag - building cf Uufes, and maki'.g oilier improvements ct

The Fortieth Year of George III. 901

(imreh lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and containing such A.D. account of the nature and extent of the buildings and im- '®co; provements proposed to be made by such ecclesiastical person on his giebe lands, as are by said act prescribed and directed.; v* p'.,;-and that it shall and may be lawful for the vicar general of Xmmik'inf each diocese of this kingdom, during the absence from this X'jl-XXXIII-kingdom of the archbishop or bishop of such diocese, to issue commissions for the viewing and efiimating the value of all ttfcate.,.!. Sy buildings and improvements erected and made on glebe lands within such diocese; and such commissions on complaints of are JiicOiw. dilapidations in such buildings and improvements as are by said act directed and appointed, and to ascertain such Aims as lie shall judge reasonable to be allowed for such dilapi dations, and to make out, execute, and lign such certificates, as by the said act of the twelfth of George the first, and ah so by an act gaffed in this kingdom in the tenth year of the reign of the late King William the third, entitled, An act to encourage building of houses, and making other tx~ f rove merits on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, are directed and appointed to be made out, signed, and executed by the several archbishops and bishops of the several dioccfcs of this kingdom, and all such writings, commissions anl certificates so as aforesaid, signed, executed and issued by the several vicars general of the several dioccfcs of this kingdom, during the absence from this kingdom of the arch-bishops and bishops of said dioceses respectively, shall be as good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, and shall create and establish as good and effectual charges on the sucessors of ecclesiastical persons who shall build and improve cn their glebe lands, and shall as effectually bind such fuc-aflors to the payment and discharge of the several proportions of such charges as are limited, directed, and appointed by the several acts of parliament in this kingdom for the encouragement of building and improving on glebe lands, as if such writings, commissions and certificates had been approved of, signed, issued and executed by the said arch-bishops and hishops of said dioceses, had they been present and residing within this kingdom.

11. Whereas by an act pafieii in the eleventh and twelfth rears of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for ren- r, tiling more cfflHual the several la-cs fr the letter enabling the p"lll:! f'

Vol. XX. tc 'I' clergy

Douht3 relative to the nianl'jn house on the fee of

Meath.

fee fi]?u ' /land charged with the film certified.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

clergy having cure of fruit to re fie upon their beliefces, and In build on their respeilhe glebe lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and for the encouragement of prat eft ant schools within this king-

dom of Ireland, it is amongst other things -ensiled, That in

all cases where any archbishop, bidiop or other ecclesiastical; person shall, after the passing of said act, obtain a certificate

for erecting newT buildings, or for making other necessary

improvements on a new feite within his demesne, glebe, or

mensal' lands, -in‘ such manner as is directed by an act passed in the twelfth year of King George the first, entitled, An act to explain and amend an-ail, entitled, An act to encourage the building of hoi/fts, and milling other improvements tn church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, such archbishop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, his executois or admi-

nistrators respectively, shall from his next immediate fuc-

ccflor, instead of three-fourths of such sum, 'have and re-ccive the full futn comprised and specified in such certificate, provided always, that fifth sum shall not exceed the clear value of two years’ income; and provided also, that nothing in said act contained should extend, or be construed to extend to any repairs, additions, or improvements, which should be made to any buildings or other improvements which had been formerly made: And whereas doubts have arisen,

whether the mansion-house creded on the fee lands of Meaik can be considered-.as built on a new feite, notwithstanding it was so certified, according to the provisions of the said recited act; - be it therefore enacted,' that the certificate so granted shall be deemed good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, and that the "said fee shall stand charged with the sum so certified, according to the provisions of the said recited act, and that the present bishop of the said fee. and his successors, shall stand charged therewith, in the manner and in the proportions in the said act specified ad set forth.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

i

CHAP. LXXXIM.

9° 3 A.D. 1800.

Chap. 82.

An Atto facilitate the building and rc-builiing of Churches and Chapels.

‘‘r'-Say a-rjltji C:y rf jlaynf.t on: ihoufaml tight hurdrctli Royal djint given.

JOHN CAYER, D. CLER. RARE.

WPIEREAS by lapse of time and other means, \ \t churches and chapels have become, and do from time to time become so decayed and ruinous, that they cannot be repaired; And whereas the modes of compelling church-wardens and parilbioners to rebuild their parish churches are tedious and insufficient; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this ndt, all parishes and unions may be celled for the building and rebuilding of churches and chapels, in like manner as they may for repairing churches and chapels by the laws now in being, and that all archbishops, hilltops, rectors, vicars, and curates, and all church-wardens and vestrics shall have the like powers to cess all parishes and unions, and to applot and levy fitch cedes, and be accountable for the fame, and to do all other matters and things for the building and rebuilding of churches, and shall have and exercise all other powers touching and concerning the building and re-building of the fame in all respects whatsoever, which they now have respectively, touching and concerning the repairing of churches and chapels; provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall alter and change, or be conllrucd to alter or change the laws now in being relating to the changing the feites of churches.

[Preamble.]

Patilhcs

and unions may bt: ccssoj for building re-building churches as they may for re;v.m of churches.

Not

lhi! changing of foiled of churchoi.

1 o T 2

CHAP.

if he Fortieth fear o/^ George III.

CHAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom; and also for repealing an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom, and also for extending and enlarging the Powers of the President and Fellows of the King and Queen's College of Physicians, and establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom.

304

A.B.

tSoo.

ft hlay tie Fiift d-.ty 'if A’lgifty one thousand right hundred. Royal After,t gixtr,.

JOHN GAYER) D- CLER. P.\Ht.

s’le-nilL. \ ~K WHEREAS the president and fellows of the King’sV and Opccn’s college of physicians in Ireland have petitioned parliament, felting forth that various difficulties had . arisen in carrying the said acts of the twenty-fifth and thirty, first of his present Majesty into execution, occasioned by the manner of framing the fame; that several of the provisions of the said acts appear from experience to be now unnecessary, and others impeded, and therefore that it is expedient and necessary for the good government of the said college, and for the advancement of the said school of physic in the fei-ence of medicine, to alter and amend the said acts; and whereas the accomplishment of theobjedsof the said petition would be of great public advantage; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lotds spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Recitedafts the fame, That the said recited acts of the twenty-fifth and G. 3!and i' thirty-fifft of his present Majesty, and so much of an act GU1"Ln mac'e ’n ^'is kingdom in the twenty-first year of his late M--'hacmicciicd, jesty King George the second, entitled,. An act for vacating the pealed.^ R" office of the King’s profejfur in Dublin, upon the death or surrender of the present King’s prof for, and for ere ft i g three profeforjhipi of phyfc in the said city, inf cad thereof as relates

to

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

to the number of professors, the electors, and the mode of election, the tenure and salaries of the said [professors, and the times and manner of leduring, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That instead of the professorships appointed by the said acts, or any of them, the following profefforffips shall be established, namely, a professorship of the institutes of medicine; a professorship of the practice of medicine and a professorship of the materia medica and pharmacy; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the president and fellows of the King and Queen’s college of physicians in Ireland, whenever they shall think proper, and the funds shall permit, to add to the said professorships a professorship of midwifery, which said professors shall be called, the King’s, professors in the city of Dublin, on the foundation of Sir Patrick Dunn; and the said several and respective professors shall have perpetual continuance and succession; and that the persons heretofore elect-e-d and appointed to, and who are now in possession of the said profefforffips of the institutes of medicine, of the practice of medicine, and of the materia medica and pharmacy, under the provisions of said act of the twenty-fifth of his present Majesty, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed professors in the said several branches respectively, until the expiration of the time for which they were so respectively elected, and that their respective successors, and the said professor. of midwifery, when that professorship shall be added to the others, and his successors, shall be nominated, appointed, elected, and chosen, in the manner and form herein after mentioned and set forth.

[Salaries of professors.]

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each of the said King's professors, and his successors, shall receive, during his continuance in the said professorship, an annual salary of one hundred pounds, and no more, out of the clear yearly rents and profits of the real and personal estate of the said Sir Patrick Dunn.

IV. And whereas after the payment of the salaries of the said three professors, there will be at present a surplus of the clear issues and profits of the said Sir Patrick Dunn’s estate, amounting annually to the sum of nine hundred pounds, or thereabouts; and whereas clinical lcdurcs arc highly neces-

Professor-ships Herein named shall be established instead of such as were appointed by said act*.

Perpetual

focceftion.

Present pro* feftors shall continue.

Surplus of estate:

<906

A.D. 1800. Chap. 84,

"Hospital for clinical lectures.

Salary to a librarian.

Board of go-" vernorj of Sir P. Dunn’s

hospital.

Powers of Commissionera for carrying on the building of Sir P. Dunn's hospital.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fary For promoting the success of a school of physic; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be " lawful to and for the said president and fellows of the said college of physicians, and they are hereby required to apply, with the consent and approbation of the chancellor of Trinity college, or in his absence, the vice-chancellor, thearch-bishop of Dublin, theprovoft of Trinity college, and the pro-feffor of physic in the fame, or any two of them, a sum not exceeding one hundred and/fifty pounds, out of the said annual surplus, as ground rent for a lot of ground on which an hospital, wherein clinical lectures shall be given, may be erected, and also to apply the residue of the said surplus, after payment of a salary of seventy pounds yearly to a librarian, as herein after provided, the expence of receiver’s fees for collecting the rents of the said estate, and the necessary expence of advertising lectures, and other matters incident to the said school of physic, annually, to the building of such hospital, until it shall be so far completed as to accommodate thirty patients therein, which hospital shall be called Sir Patrick Dunn’s hospital, the government whereof is hereby vested in a board, confiding of the visitors of the college of physicians, of the president, vice-president, and cenforsof the fame, of the provost of Trinity college, Dub-lirf, and of twelve other persons, to be by said governors chosen and elected out of thofewho may become subscribers to the building or maintenance of said hospital; provided that no pbylician or surgeon who shall attend patients in the fame, shall be capable of acting as a governor of the said hospital.

V. And for the more speedy completion of the said hof-, pital, be it enacted, That eight commissioners shall be, and they are hereby appointed with full powers to carry the building of such hospital into effect and execution, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, which said commissioners are hereby impowered to contract for a sufficient lot of ground, to be granted or demised to the president and fellows of the said college of physicians, on which the said hospital shall be erected, at any rent not exceeding the yearly sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, as also to receive and apply such donations and contributions, public or private, as may be made for building such hospital, or for the

The Fortieth Year ^ George III.

the privilege of fending patients to be relieved in the fame, and also to receive and adopt such plans and estimatcs as they shall approve for the fame, and to employ such artificers of every description as shall be necessary for the completion of the said hospital, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and the president and fellows of the said college shall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to pay such artificers, respectively, the full amount of their just demands for building and finishing such hospital, upon producing a certificate from the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, that such demand is just, to the full extent of the yearly surplus of the rents of the said estate, and the other sums hereby appropriated as a fund for building such hospital.

VI. And be it enacted, That the right honourable Sack-ville Hamilton, the pTovoft of Trinity college, Dublin, the president of the college of physicians, for the time being, Sir Francis Hutchinson, baronet, George Knox, esquire, commonly called the honourable George Knox, Arthur Browne, esquire, doctor of laws, William> Digges Latouche, and Abraham Wilkinson, both of the city of Dublin, enquires, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed commissioners for the purposes aforesaid, and that they, or any three or more of them, shall be empowered to do all necessary acts in the completing the said hospital, and that on the death or resignation of any of them, it shall and may be lawful for the visitors of the said college of physicians :oappoint a fit and proper person, who may be willing to undertake the trust, to succeed the person so dying or refining.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall he, and they are hereby empowered to cause all arrears of tile tents of the said Sir Patrick Dunn’s estate, which shall be due on the first of November next, to be called in, which arrears, together with such balance of the funds of the said college of physicians, as shall remain in the hands of the urafiirer of the said college on the eighteenth of October next, shall be paid to the said commissioners by (he said Ircafurer, when they shall demand the fame, or any part thereof, and be applied by the said commissioners in building and completing the said hospital.

10 U 2

Names of commissioners, and their ptWifJ.

Arrears of rents, and other monies to he paid to said commit-Tinners.

90S

A.D. 1800. Chap. 84'

1200U in English funds may be fold.

Application of annual surplus, after

expences herein mentioned*

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

VIII. And whereas a sum of one thousand two hundred . pounds Hands vetted in the public funds of Great Britain,

which belongs to the said college, and constitutes a part of the funds applicable by them to the purposes of their in-ftitution, be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall be, and they are hereby empowered to cause the said flock to be sold for the best price which can be had for the fame, and to apply the produce to the like purpose of building and completing such hospital.

[At what time clinical patients may be maintained.]

IX. And be it enacted, That no clinical patients shall be maintained at the expence, or out of the rents of the estate of the said Sir Patrick Dunn, until such hospital as aforesaid shall be completed for the reception of such thirty patients; and after it shall have been so completed, either by due application of the funds hereby provided for the same, or by private contributions, or both then, after defraying the necessary expences of supporting such thirty patients, and of the establishment of such hospital, the clear residue of such annual surplus of the rents of the said estate, shall be applied to enlarging the said hospital, until by such application, or by public or private contributions, or both, such hospital shall be so far enlarged as to afford accommodation for the reception of one hundred patients, and shall in addition contain necessary apartments for a library and medical lecture room.

X. And be it enacted, That after such hospital shall be completed, and after defraying the charges arising from such salaries and expences as aforesaid, and the necessary expences of maintaining such one hundred patients, and the establishment of such hospital, which shall not be defrayed by private contributions, then the clear annual surplus of the rents of the said estate shall be applied, in the first place, to support a professor of midwifery, who shall have a salary of one hundred pounds a year, and no more; and after payment of such salary, then to such other purposes in advancement of the science of medicine, and of such school of physic as aforesaid, as shall be approved by the chancellor of the university of Dublin, or in his absence, the vice-chancellor, the archbishop of Dublin, the provost of Trinity college, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and the professor of physic of the vniverfily of Dublin, or any two or more of them.

ffhc-Fortieth Fear of George-HI-

XI. 'And-toe it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said King’s professors, and their successors, shall read and give-clinical ledirres -upon the patients in the said hospital, at- Least two days in each week during every session, without any further allowance for the fame out of the iflucs e.nd prbfits ’of the said-Sir-Patriek-Dunn’s 'estate than their aforesaid yearly salaries of one hundred pounds each’; and that the said King’s professors, and the universty professors herein after mentioned shall read such lectures during the ' space-of- three months, in alternate succession, as has'been heretofore pra'ftifed, or in such other order as they shall agree upon among! themselves; and that every-pupil who shall attend the said lectures, Trail-pay to the professor whose lectures'he shall attend,- the sum of three guineas for-each three mo'riths'coiirfe -of lectures, and that every pupil, before he shall be adihitted to attend the said -lectures, "shall enteritis name

909

A.D. 1800.

18 ;o. Chap. 84.

Duty of-King's profilers and ilieir lucccffora.

Kinii’j pro* fcfLrs and university proftffurs to nad

Pupil* to pay

for le&urcs,

&c.

Pupils to pay ibr Ic&urci? &c.

with the tfeafurer of the said hospital, and'(hail pay to such trea-ftirer,' for the use of said clinical hospital, 'the sum-of twenty guineas, Utiless 'such . pupil’ shall have been matriculated in the university of Dublin, or of Oxford, or of Cambridge, according to 'the '-statutalsle forms of such u'nive'rfities'respectively, anil shall have continued his studies in-arts, unilcr a tutor, in one of the said universities for the space Of two years'at' least,' in which case such pupil (h all only pay "the sum of three guineas to' such treasurer for the life' of ’ the said clinical hospital; and such pupils, upon obtaining the said treasurer’s receipts'for the said payment of twenty, - or "three guineas,-as the case maybe, shall be-admitted to "attendance on '"the said lectures' for the space Of one-year from the-'date of the said receipt; and if' such pupiMhall-wish to continue his-attendance-on the said lectures for a longer term

Yuan one year, he shall pay'to (he - said treasurer, for the life of the said hospital, for the time he shall so continue to attend, at ‘ the rate of twenty guineas, or three guineas, -as the case may ' be,' by the year.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall F-kfllon and may" be lawful to and for the said prefulent and fellows, annually, on the eighteenth of Oftobir, to cleft a'librarian, who shall, under the controul and direction of the said president and ' fellows, superintend the purchase of books to form a medical li-‘ brary, 'whenever there foall he a fund for purchasing the fame, and shall have the care of them, and of all such books as have been heretofore purchased, and the management' of the library,

Vol.'XX.

10 A

and

I

9io A.D. 1800. Chap. 84.

Salary 70l. a year, provided fti herein,

' Rooms in 'Trinity College, until hospiul is built.

3 unlveifity professors appointed by 35 O- 3 shall have perpetual succession.

ProfessorB suppHted by universuy.

Time and manner of conveying

The Fortieth Year of George III.and that- such-librarian shall, before he enters upon his office, give security by bond to the salt! president and fellows for the due care and preservation of, the books committed to his care; and that such librarian shall receive an annual salary not exceeding seventy pounds, provided he shall furnish the necessary fuel for such library.and medical leftute room,.and shall faithfully discharge such duties as shall be prescribed to him by the president and fellows of the college of physicians, with the consent and approbation of the chancellor of Trinity College, or in his absence, the vice chancellor, the archbishop-of Dublin, the provoPc of Trinity College, and the professor of physic in the fame, or any two of them, and the books belonging to said library shall be deposited in a room or rooms provided for the purpose, in the hospital to be created for the reception of, patients, on whose cases clinical lectures may be given; and until such hospital shall be uefttd, the provost of Trinity College shall be, and he is hereby empowered to gs-ant a room or rooms in said college, where said bonks may bs deposited, and that said room shall be at all times under his inspection and controul in like manner, under the fame re-firiftions and regulations as are established with respect to all other rooms in said college; provided always, that nothing in this act shall be construed to act’eft the present librarian, from the passing of this act until the eighteenth day of October next, when such new elaction is to take place, save and except the controul hereby given to the provost of Trinity College over the apartments.in said college,- now occupied by the said librarian.

XIII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the.reign of his Majesty King George the third, it was enacted, That there should be three professors in the university of this kingdom, who. should be called university proleffors, that is to say, a professor of anatomy and chirurgery, a professor of chy-miftry, and a professor of botany, and that the then present lecturers in the said several branches should be constituted and appointed professors in the said several branches respectively; be it therefore enacted, That the said university professors shall have perpetual continuance and succession, and shall be elected in the manner, for the time, and subject to the regulations -herein after mentioned.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tilt said university professors shall be supported at the expence of the said university.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the day immediately preceding the day of holding the election of the

fail!

The Fortieth Year of George III. 91 s

laid King’s professor or professors, and in case the day so pro A. u. ceding shall happen on a Sunday or Christmas-day, then on the day preceding such Sunday or Christmas-day, the president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of the King and '"'kt' "f Queen’s college of physicians, shall, for ever hereafter, be con- v-i v r,g rened by the said president, or in his absence by the vice-preli-dent, at such hour and place as shall be appointed by said president or vice-president, and shall cleft, by ballot, out of them-feives, three persons, and the said three persons so elected, together with the provost of Trinity College, Dublin, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and the professor of physic in the said uriiverlity, all for the time being, shall be the electors into the King’s professorship or professorships at that time vacant, and in like manner, for ever hereafter, three persons shall be elected as iforel'aid, from time to time, who with the said provost, or in his absence the said vice-provost, and the professor of physic in the iaid university of Dublin,' shall for ever-after be the electors of tile said King’s professors, and if there shall be an equality of voices among the said electors, the senior doctor of physic, if in case of the absence of any one of such electors, among the said three persons so elected as aforesaid, shall have the calling voice j which said King’s professors shall be elected after such previous examination as the said electors or the majority of them shall require.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said electors so chosen by lull t as aforesaid, shall continue in their office till the day next electors shall preceding the day of the next election of the next King’s pro- office. " . felTor tvliofe office -shall become vacant, and no longer, and that

on every vacancy such election shall be made by ballot as aforesaid; and that in case any one or more of the said three electors shall die, reflgn his fellowship, or be removed from the college of physicians, or shall cease to reside in the city of Dublin, between the election into one professorship and the vacancy of another, the president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of the King and Queen’s college of physicians, shall elect by ballot one other member of the said college of physicians, to fill the place of the elector whole place has so become vacant, which elector shall continue till the day next preceding the election of the next King’s professor,

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Ekfto«il.al!

J nut he pro*

elector of the said King s professors shall be eligible into any of feflors.' the King’s professorships.

Host Ion£

10X2

912

A.D.

I geo. Chap. 84. 1

Univufity . ovofeffore to be defied in the usualWst;.-ier.

3 tr n*hs r.o.ico of election of Kin^fa or . u live fry pr feffu8»‘in . Dub in -md t-midon ga-zuks, as herein,

Names and

additions of candidates, as Wdn di-Je&ed, to he

} laid beVe the C 'lh’gcs ! by t.'icirref* pt'ftive re*

gifters.

Profeffgr* ships on lir Patrick. Dunn's ioujiditoa, open to ail - eh iitians,

Professorships cf. university open to ail protestantj who have taken their

The Fortieth Fear- of George III.

XVIII.-And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the university professors shall be elected in the usual and acc ‘tointd manner,- by the provost,-or. in his-, absence, by the vice-provost , and feitiop fellows of Trinity :Co!lege,' Dublin.

XIX.- And be it enacted by the authority aforesaidpThat previous to-every election either of the-..King’s professors x-r 0. the said universny proft-ffors, unless when it shall be thought proper to continue the: lame professors, three months.notice->shall be giver, in the Dubiiniand. London-Giszenesi which -notice-(hail besigned by the register of the said college of Dublin, tand.also-'by- the register of; the said college of phftcians, -which notice shall set forth the profeffoi flnp. or professorships that: shall at-thaMime be vacant, or arc expected to-be vacant* the emoluments-and advantages attending such professorship orprofelTorships, the.time-and place of the intended election or elections,.- and desiring that all persons intending to offer themselves as.-candidates should fend in their names, the places of their, education,' the universities in which they have taken their. medical, "degrees,-and the; places-where they have practised, to the said registers, and that the said.-register of the college of physicians shall-, lay the -lame- before- the said president, or in his absence, the vice-prefiJent and fellows of - the said college of physicians, and the register of the -college of Dublin (Kail lay the fame; before, the,-pravoft, or-in- his absence,' the vice-provost and senior fellows of the said college of Dublin, to the end that opportunity may be gi.ven.tO-' enquire into the merits-of every candidate.

XX.;'-And be it enacted by-'the authority -aforesaid,-That the said profcfforftiips of the instittites of medicine,- of- the practice of medicine, of the materia medico anil pharmacy,- and.of midv- ifry, on the-foundation.;of.Sir Patrick Dunn, shall be- open -tO' perloas of alk-nations, professing their -faith- in- Clirlft; a and the said: pro-fefforflrips of the university of Dublin-to protelhiits of ali nations, provided they shall-.have taken medical degrees,- or.-ihdll have obtained adicenfe to praAife.from tire- said college of -physicians, in consequence;‘Of i a. testimenium under1, the seal.of Trinity College, Dublin.

XXI. ‘And be it enacted by the authority- aforesaid, That immediately before every election, utiless in cases where the fame professors shall be continued, the several electors, as well of the King’s professors, in case --of an - election of one -of the said professors, as also the electors of the university professors, in case of the election of any of the said university -professors, shall take the following oath, or if a quaker affirm the fame;

7 A. i)

The Fortieth Year of George III. 913

I A.B. do swear that will to the bcjl of my judgment ami opini- A.D. on, and without favour, partiality, or prejudice, vote for fuel} can- I^C0‘

dictate for the vacant profcfforships, at shall appear to me to be the bcjl qualifiedfor the fame. .0l,! w lic

So help me God. . eu-stor* ie-Icrcecc-tions.

And in case of the electors of any of the King’s professors, these Aiyjti j, words shall be added, five only fitch preference as has been directed c-fcofeice-to be given by fir Patrick Dunn, deceased-, which oath the provost, professors'.'S or in his absence the vice-provost of Trinity College, Dublin, shall administer to the electors of the said King’s profcfibr?, and the president, or in his absence the vice-president of the King and Queen’s college of physicians, shall administer to the electors of the university profeffois; which said oaths the said provost, vice-provost, president, and vice-president, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That immediately after every pro ft Tor shall be declared duly elected, he shall take the following oath, or if a quaker, affirm the fame

I A.B. do fas tar, that I will diligently, and to the befi of my still and judgment, perform the several duties of the professorship to (in fc lor, i.-.-. which I have this day been elected.

So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation the president, or in his absence, the vice-president of the King and Queen’s college of physicians in Dublin, in the case of the King’s professors, and the provost, or in his absence the vice-provost of Trinity College, Dublin, in the case of the university professors, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every profeTorship mentioned in this act, shall become vacant at the end of every seventh year from the date of the election; provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the present pro-feffors in chemiftiy and botany, in Trinity College, Dublin, to hold the said university professorships during their respective good behaviour, being the tenure of their present professorships.

XXIV. Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said president and fellows of the college of physicians, with rc.spect to (tie King’s professors, and to and for the provost, or in his absence, the vice-ptovoft and senior fellows of Trinity College, with ref- spect

Dur.it!.,-of profdlbr-(hijii.

Prufrfll.u

may toft*

tlruts.’J, 3 monthi tic. tictbfu;,r

jrivi-u in Du!>. 1’v. am! Lo;t. Ca r. i'.i.’ctto. dm c-

in College books.

514 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

pest to they university professors,-if they shall respectively judge it fit so to do, to clireft that the said profelTors, or any of them, shall continue to hold their professorship or professorships for ano-tiom entered ther term of seven years after the expiration of the term for which he or they were elected; provided always, that the said president and fellows of the college of physicians, and the said provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and feinor fellows of Trinity college, do respectively give three months notice, previous to the time at which the election to such professorships would otherwise have beeruheld, in the Dublin and London gazettes, of such their direction, which notices shall be signed by the registers of the said colleges, respectively, and shall set forth the name or names of the professor or professors so directed to be continued, and shall specify the professorship or professorships in which they are so to be continued, and such direction being duly entered in the books of the said colleges respectively, and the said notices being duly pub-llshed, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the professor or professors named in such direction and notice, to continue to hold the professorship or professorships specified therein, for a further term of seven years, from the expiration of the term for which lie or they was or were respectively elected, without any other nomination or election.

XXV. Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the expiration of every seventh year, every professor whose professorship shall then become vacant, may become a candidate for the fame, or any other of the said professorships, and shall be capable of being elected thereto.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said president and fellow6-of the said King and Queen’s college of physicians shall have power, from time to time, to make rules and orders to regulate the conduct of the King’s professors, which

Trinity C6!° ru*es an<^ or^ers the‘register -of the said college of physicians shall lege. communicate to the register of Trinity college, Dublin, to be by "him laid before the provost and feriior fellows of the said college, and the said provost and senior fellows, or a majority of them, Provost and together with the said provost, shall have power from time to

Itmor fcl- 0 1 ’

lows may time, to-makeniles and orders to regulate the conduct of the said fofmi'mfity university.professors, which rules and orders the register of Trinity whkifrhdiw c0^cSe> ©ublin, shall communicate to the register of the said col-tommuni- lege of physicians, to be by him laid before the last mentioned jcgt ofphy- college-; provided always, that the said rules and orders shall not (ioans. fie inconsistent with any of the clauses or directions contained in this act of parliament.

Professora may be candidates.

President and fellows may make rules and orders,- which shall be c*>m-

The Fortieth Year of George III. 915

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in A.D. case the president, or in his absence, the vke-president and college Jf>00-of physicians, shall, at any time, disapprove of any of the said Chap^ S4. rules and orders made, as aforesaid, by the provost and senior fel- What shall lows, and redress shall not be given inten days after complaint thereof made to the said provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows, that in every such case the said president or vice- and mders president and college of physicians, may prefer their complaint ot,lcr' to the visitors of Trinity College, Dublin, who shall summarily hear the matter or complaint, and grant redress, in case the fame shall appear to them to be well founded, and if otherwise shall diimifs the fame; and in case the said provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows, shall, at any time disapprove of any of the said rules and orders so made, as aforesaid, by the president and college of physicians, and redress shall not be given inten days after complaint thereof made to the said president, or in his absence, the vice president and college of physicians, that in every such case, the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and senior fellows, may prefer their complaint to the visitors of the said collegeof physicians, or to any two of them, who shall summarily hear the matter of the said complaint, and grant redress, in case the same shall appear to them to be well founded, and if otherwise shall dismiss the fame, and the said visitors, respectively, on the hearing of every such appeal, shall have power to examine the witnesses upon oath, whenever they shall find it necessary so to do.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Professor* if any professor shall wilfully neglect to perform the duty of his fard"°' professorship, it shall and may be lawful to and for the eledors of gWh *><1;« the King’s professors, in case of the said professors, and to and for nate ne^left the provost or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows d,f' of Trinity College, Dublin, in case of the university professors,

to admonish the said professors, and in case of obstinate neglect of duty after such admonition, to deprive the said professor of his professorship.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Professor* aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any professor ma> appcaI' so ordered, as aforesaid, to be admonished or deprived, to appeal

in the case of any of the King’s professors, to the visitors of the said college of physicians, or any two of them, and in the case of any of the university professors, to the visitors of Trinity College, Dublin, as the case may happen, which said appeal shall be 10 Y 2 Jotjged

9*6 A.D. 1800. Chap. 84.

When one college is dif-satisfied with the conduct of the professors of the other, complaint may be laid before viiiloro.

Commencement and continuance of Icdlures.

Reifonaolc vacations from led tiring may he appointed-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

lodged in one week after the said order for admonishing or depriving, and it shall and may he lawful for the said visitors, respectively, to affirm or reverse the said order, and in hearing such appeals, to examine witnesses upon, oath, which oath the said vi-fitors, respectively, are hereby empowered to adminilW.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If the provost, or in his absence, the vice provost and senior fellows, shall, at any time, be diffiitisfied with the conduct of any of the said King’s profdlors, or if the said president, dr in his absence, the vice-prdident and fellows of the said college of physicians, shall, at any time, be dissatisfied with the conduct of any of the said university professors, and after complaint made by the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and senior fellows to the president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of the said college of physicians, or by them to tile said provost, or in his absence, to the vice-provost and senior fellows, redress shall not be given inten days after such complaint shall have been preferred, the fame may be laid by the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior follows, before the visitors of the said college of physicians, or any two of them, and by the said president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of said college of physicians, before the visitors of Trinity College, Dublin, which laid visitors, respectively, Avail summarily hear the matter of the said complaint, and grant redress in case the fame Avail appear to be well founded, and if otherwise Avail dismiss the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said visitors, respectively, to examine witnesses upon oath whenever they shall find it necessary so to do, which oaths the said visitors are hereby empowered to administer.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lectures of each professor (those on botany excepted) shall commence on the first Monday in November, and continue until the end of April, and Avail be given four days in the week at lead; and that the lectures on botany Avail commence on the second Monday in May, and continue until the end of July in every year, and Avail be given four days in the week at the lead; provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the president and fellows of the college of physicians, with respect to the lectures of the King’s professors, and to and for the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows of Trinity college, for those of the university professors, to appoint such reasonable vacations from left tiring, during those periods, as they shall respectively judge

The Fortieth Year of George III. 917

expedient; provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to A.D. and for the provost, cria his absence, the vice-provost and ienior 'Soo, fellows of Trinity College, Dublin, to direct. that the said leflures on botany (halt commence at, and continue to any other time, Botanic L-c. as tltey from time to time shall think proper.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Lreiurcs-v said several lech ires by the King’s professors, and the clinical left arcs, ~ '

shall be given, in the English language, unless specially ordered by the preftdent' and fellows of the said college of physicians, in ref-pail to any of the king’s professors, or by the provost and l’enior fellows of Trinity College, in respect to the imiverfity profefihrs, in a room or rooms provided for that purpol'e, in the hospital to heerested for clinical leflures: and until such hospital be creeled, Ro°ms "ay

be pven m

the provost of Trinity College shall he, and he is hereby empower- the u-iira

ed to grant a room or rooms where Inch leflures may be given,

and tint said rooms shall be at all times under his infueftion and u:lJl'rtl"'-

n .1 trow of pro-

controul, in like manner, under the fame restrictrons and regula- *oil. tions which are established with respect to all other rooms in said college.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it ’« to W hall and may'be lawful to and for the said several profe/Tors to (brT'tly'ijlc-charge reasonable fees, to be paid by all such persons as attend the rd’pcflive leflures, except the clinical leflures, the fees for which have been already provided for, the said fees to be paid on nhnilTion, and to'be from'time to time regulated, in respect to lir Patrick Dunnls professors, by the president and college of phyfi-dans, and in respect to the said university profc/Tors, by the promt! and senior fellows of Trinity College, Dublin.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Matriaila-;'ne fevcial students in phyfie shall be matriculated in the said uni- Etslphj. veriity, by having their names entered in a book to be kept for ru’-

that purpose, for which entry each /Indent shall pay the sum of live shillings, and no more, but no such Undent, unless he shall think proper so to do, Hull be obliged to have a tutor, or to answer the examinations, or to attend to any of the academical duties of the said university; and that the said several lecturers shall, during tacit medical fe/Iion, when they shall have delivered 011c half of their several courses of leflures, return to tile senior lefhircr of Trinity College, for the time being, a list containing the names of -such pupils as shall have attended them during such part of said ttntrfc of their respective leflures.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clinical until an hospital can be provided for giving me said clinical Ice-

any hospit in Dublin,

Not to defeat the power* of guardians named in laid aet.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

tures, the president, or ill his absence, the vice-president and fellows of the said college of physicians, are hereby authorized to appoint the said clinical lefturee to be given in such hospital or hospitals in the city of Dublin, whose governors will allow such lectures to be given therein without expence to the estate of Sir Patrick Dunn, as shall be found moll convenient for that purpose.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every thing in the said recited act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, and not herein before altered and amended, shall remain in full force and effect, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to.extend, to defeat or impeach, in any respect, the powers and authorities veiled by the said recited act in the several guardians by the said act named.

XXXVIII. And whereas the late King William and Queen . Mary, by their charter, dated at Dublin on the fifteenth day of December, in the fourth year of their reign, did incorporate the said president and fellows of the college of physicians, by the name King and of the president and fellows of the King and Queen’s college of lege of ply- physicians in Ireland, and did thereby appoint sundry rules and ponied by^" regulations, and veil several powers in the said president and fcl-King William lows, for the due regulation and government of the said college,

Maoo-' and did thereby, appoint the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal, the lord chief justice of the King’s bench, the: lord chief- justice of the common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, all of Ireland, for the time being, to be for ever thereafter the visitors of the said col-. lege and corporation; and doubts have arisen how far the said . appointment of the said persons as visitors of the said college is

valid in law, and it would tend much to preserve the peace and good order of the said college, and to promote the good purposes intended by this act, if visitors of the said college were duly ap-Lord chancel-pointed; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the right jSd^sMbe honourable John earl of Clare, lord high chancellor of Ireland,

right-honourable Arthur lord Kilwardcu, lord chief justice of physicians. the court of King’s bench in Ireland, the right honourable Hugh

lord viscount Carleton, lord chief justice of the common pL-a» in i Ireland, and the right honourable Barry lord Yelverton, lord chief

baron of the court of exchequer in Ireland, shall be, and they ire hereby constituted the grefent visitors of the said college or corporation

The Fortieth Year of George III. 9T9

ration; and that the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great A.D. seal of Ireland, the lord chief justice of the King’s Bench, the 1800.] lord chief justice of the common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the exchequer of Ireland, for the time being, shall be, from time to time, and for ever hereafter, the visitors of the said college and corporation.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, P°r». That the said visitors, or any two of them, shall have full tics of said power and authority to receive and entertain, hear, examine, and finally determine any matter or cause relating to the internal condufl, management, regulation, and due government of the said college or corporation, or to the exercise of the powers and authorities vested in the said president and fellows of the said college by the present act; and all disputes and differences which may arise between the members of the said college, or between the said college and the said King’s professors hereby appointed, or between the said pro-feffors themselves, relative to the concerns of the said college, or the duties of their said professorships, or the disposition and expenditure of the surplus of the said Sir Patrick Dunn's estate, which may be brought by way of appeal before any two or more of them, and to appoint certain days, times and places for the hearing and adjudging thereof, and to summon, hear, and examine upon oath, or otherwise, all and every the president and fellows and other members of the said college, and the said professors, touching the matter of the said appeal, to the end that a just and clear judgment and determination may be had therein; and finally, that the said visitors shall have, use, and exercise all and every such power and authority, with respect to the said college and corporation, as the visitors of any other college or private corporation are by law entitled to use and have.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Annud «c-said, That the said president and fellows of the said college hid before «-of physicians shall once in every year, render a true, just, and full account of the receipts and expenditures of the if- cdbyihcm,

1 which shall be

lues and profits of the eliatcs* real and personal, of the said lodged with Sir Patrick Dunn, and of the application of the appropriated Mdcntncd and unappropriated surplus thereof, before the said visitors, ott lile or forne two of them, or such person or persons as shall be for that purpose appointed by the said visitors or any two of io Z g them,

' Declaration of profdlors, See. relative to fitrplus of Sir Patrick 'Dunn's cf-tates

Professors who are* Fellow:, of laid college liiotild lie amoved:

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

:fihem,‘bv-writing signed by them, or any two of (l,em --which writing shall be lodged--with the register of the said college, and an entry or copy thereof; made-on; tire books of 1 the college, and the said account shall be rendered to the 'faiil visitors, or the persons so to be appointed by them, on eighteenth day of October in every year 5 and if tin fii.i eighteenth day of October shall fall upon a Sunday, then on the next following day; and after the said-account has beer, duly examined, rectified, and settled by the said visitors. or any two of them, or by the person or persons so appointed as aforesaid, it shall be signed and allowed by the said vifi. tors, or any two of them, and entered or copied into the books of the said college.

XLI. And whereas differences of opinion have arifea in the college of physicians. respecting the application of the surplus funds of Sir Patrick Dunn, lifter payment of the King’s professors: And whereas the-college of physicians

have, in the bill annexed to their petition presented to" parliament, with the consent and at the desire of the King’;-profeflnrs, fellows of said college, and of Doflor Hill, professor of botany in the university, declared it as their opi-on, "That no pci foil or -persons whatsoever, members of " the said college of physicians, shall have or give any vote " or directin.n relative to 'the dispofitinn and expenditure of " the unappropriated surplus of the iflbes and profits of the " estates of the said Sir Patrick Dunn, To long as such person or persons shall be entitled to receive any salary or " emolument from any portion of the revenues of the said " estates of the said Sir Patrick Dunn And whereas it would tend to the settlement of said college, and to the just and speedy execution of the powers vested in the president and fellows thereof, and to the just and speedy execution of the powers vested in them by this act, that all the professors, whether university or King’s professors, who are fellows of said college, should forthwith be amoved from their felloiv-fllips in manner hereafter mentioned, and that doctor Percival, professor of cliymiftry, in the university, and president of the college of physicians, has declared his difire to be forthwith amoved from his fellowship and presidency; be it therefore cnadlcih That such of the fellows of the said col-

lege,

The Fortieth Year of George III.9jt

lege of physicians as are now professors in the fehbol of A.D. physic, whether King’s or university profest'ors, shall, from and after the passing of this act, cease to be fellows of the fair) college, and shall, by authority thereof, be removed front their said fellowships respectively; and that every lore as wc fellow of the said college who shall hereafter accept any of iTnlmvif the said professorships, or the said office of librarian,

dv-11 »n«I pi" lie lnal1’ rwM.d

by such acceptance, immediately vacate his fellowship in the "1|m 01.7

1_r , iti ccafe to Iv

laid college or physicians , provided always, that every potaibr*.

such person may be re-elected a fellow of the said college whenever he shall ccafe to be a professor; and provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the president and fellows of the said college to elect any such professor, whilst ui honorary lie lltall continue to hold his professorship, an honorary fel- f‘-Ilo'VSt low of the said college, but no such honorary fellow shall be allowed to attend any meeting of the said college, or vote therein, unless when specially summoned by the president, or in his absence by the vice-preiident of the said college of physicians, to consult or vote only on matters which concern the regulating of the practice of medicine in this city or kingdom, and then votes shall be received in such cases, and none other.

XLII. And be it also enacted, That none of the said Qiinlificstiia professors, whether King’s or university professors, shall be qualified to hold the King’s professorship of physic in the university of Dublin; and that no person shall be capable of being cleded a fellow of said college of physicians who shall not have taken the degree of bachelor or master in arts, or doctor in physic, in one of the universities Dublin, Oxford, or Cambridge, unless the number of fellows shall at anytime be reduced to fix, in which case only, whenever it may happen, such qualification of the degree of bachelor or master in arts, or doctor of physic, may be dispensed with, respectively.

XLIII. And whereas William Harvey, esqjuirc, doctor Doa« of physic, Patrick Plunket, esquire, doctor of physic, and piunkct ami Daniel Bryan, esquire, doctor of physic,' have lately resigned ’ their fellowships in the said college, and-are now willing to; resume their said fellowships; be it therefore enacted, Tha‘t: from and after the -passing of this adythe said doctor William Harvey, the said doctor Patrick Plunket, and the said

922 The Fortieth Year of George. III.

A.D.

doflor Daniel Bryan, shall be reinstated, respectively, in their said fellowships, and that the said doctor William Harvcv shall, from and after the passing of this act, be president of h-'cbyrciii ^"a'^ c°!lege physicians, in the place of Robert Percival, tinted, and esquire, doctor of physic, the present president thereof, vey appointed who," as one of the university professors, is by this act clif-qualified from holding his fellowship' in the fair! college, and the said doctor William Harvey shall continue president, by virtue of this act, until the eighteenth of October next, after ' passing the lame,'being the day appointed-by their charter for electing a president of the said college.

Roman, ca.

XLIV. And be itfuftlier enacted, That any person

tholiCH may . '

be fallows, on professing: the popish or'. Roman calboliek religion, who, om^prefaib- from and after the passing this act, shall be elected idloiv 33anJ collcSe of physicians, shall be a'dmitletl to such

fellovwship, and to the full enjoyment and cxCi'ci '- of all rights belonging to such fellowship; provided that every fu h: person' shall take and fnbfcri.be the oath appointed '!’v m act passed in the thirteenth , and fourteenth years "of the o i p of his present Majesty, entitled, 'An act to enable his Majesijs subjects, of whatever' persuasion,- to testify their allegiance to him; which oath, and none other, the president, or in his absence the vice-president of the said college, is hereby empowered and required' to administer; and immediately upon such person taking such oath, after lie flmll have been so elected, he shall be admitted a fellow, of the said college.

XLV. And whereas by the said charter, so granted by the late King William and Queen Mary to the said college of physicians, it is provided, that all graduates' in physic of the university of Dublin, having performed tlieirfull acts, shall, from time to time, upon their application, be immediately admitted into the college of physicians, in Dublin, without further examination, he and they paying the ufm.1 fees j and whereas it is reasonable that the said president and fellows"should, in all cases, judge and determine upon the abilities and knowledge of those persons who are to be admitted; members of the’college ;. be it enacted by the autho-President' ri.ty :aforesaid, That it shall, and may be lawful to and for mayciamine said president and fellows of the said college of phyfi-»u graduates, cians, front henceforth, to examine all gradua testin'medicine,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 923

of the tmivcrfify of Dublin, though they should have per- A.D. formed their full acts, who shall apply for admission into the said college in the same manner as other persons are usually anil nuy reexamined, and to reject such of them as shall decline to |^iUn '* submit to'such examination, or as shall upon examination appear to them unfit to be admitted.

[Leases may be made for 31 years without fines; all others shall be void.]

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the president or fellows of the said college shall be, and they are hereby empowered to make leases of the estate of the said Sir Patrick Dunn, for any term not exceeding thirty-one years in possession, at the best improved rent, without any fine, which can be had for the same, from solvent tenants; and all leases of the said estate, made from and after passing this act, against the said provisions, by the president and fellows of the said college, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be void.

[A publick act.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be a public act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, in all courts and places, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the better Government of the Seminary efallished a! Maynooth, for the Education of Persons prof effing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for amending the Laws now in Force r foe fling the said Seminary.

Friday the JirJl day of one tkoufend eight hundredt Royal sl/fent giver.

JOHH CAVER, V, CLfR. PARE.

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the better education of persons prof effing the-popJk or Roman catholic religion, and since the passing the said act a college orfeminary has been established at Maynooth, in the county sin«pass-U Kildare, for the education of persons profelling the popish j"o'3? for or Roman catholic religion, and laree sums of money have of

Roman ca-

bfen granted to the truflccs named in the fit id ndt, to enable timlins,« n A t them

9*4

A.D. 1800. Chap. 85.

college was elUblished at Mavuoath.

Persons

herein fimll be visitors of said college.

Tiiciutinl viiitr.tions to Ik* made by vif.tors; the iirll within 12 months after paflii'g this act.

Additional visitations, when ordered by Id. lieut.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

(hem to improve and extend the said institution; and it is therefore become necessary to make further provision for the good government of the said college or seminary; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal of Ireland for the time being, the lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of King's bench in Ireland for the time being, the lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of common picas in Ireland for the time being, the chancellor of the exchequer, and the lord chief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland for the time being, and their successors in the said offices, respectiveli', together with Arthur James Earl of Fingall, the reverend ’Richard O’Reilly, of Drogheda, doctor in divinity, and the reverend John Thomas Troy, of the city of Dublin, doctor i'n divinity, 'shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed visitors of the said college or seminary, with full vi-fitorial powers to superintend the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said visitors, or any three or more of them, shall once in every three years from the passing of this act, viilt the said college or seminary, and call before them the president, vice-president, pro-fc.fi.ors, tutors, and all other members thereof, and the officers and servants of the said college or seminary, and diligently enquire into the government and management of the said college or seminary, and if necessary, examine on oath every member thereof, in "all matters touching the management, government, and discipline of the fame, or any violation of the statules or ordinances which have been, or shall be made for file admission of any member of the said college or fc-minary, or for the government or discipline of the fame, and that the first visitation of the said college shall be held as aforesaid, within twelve months after the passing this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in addition to such triennial or ordinary visitation, the said visitors, or any three of them, shall in like manner visit the said college whensoever, and so often as they shall be thereunto required by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of

Ireland

The Fortieth Year of George III. 923'

Ireland for the time being, by warrant or order, signed by A.D. him or them; provided always, and be it enacted, That*®00’ the authority of the said visitors shall not extend to, or in any manner affect the exercise of the roman catholic religion, or the religious doctrine or discipline thereof within the said college or fcminary, otherwise than as herein after is provi- exercise of ded, and that in visiting the said college or seminary, the caiholScVca-said visitors shall judge and determine, according to such "

hye-lavvs, rules and regulations, as have been or shall be made for the government and discipline thereof, pursuant to the provisions of the said recited act, or of this act respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great

leal, the lord chief justice of the court of king’s bench, the la>rdchin-

lord chief justice of the court of common pleas, ‘he chan-

ccllor of the exchequer, and the lord chief baron of the court "uJ dun.of

1 exchequer,

of exchequer, shall cease to be trustccs for carrying the said Hall craft to recited act into execution, and that their successors in the said iw causing offices respectively, shall not hereafter be trustees by virtue of the said recited act for carrying »t into execution, and the ti, bat the

» / 1 <1 . f others shall

other persons named in the said act m that behalf, or such continue.

other persons as have been cledted, or hereafter shall be

elected to fill any vacancy occasioned by the death, removal,

or resignation of any such persons respectively, shall continue

trustccs for the execution of the said recited act, as fully

and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had

not been enacted.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited act as cnadis, that the trustccs therein named, or any So much «t leven or more of them shall have visitorial power over the aiJ.ralH, said academy or college, and over all persons oil the foundation, or educated therein, shall be, and the fame is hereby hereby ic-repealed. p

VI. And be it further enacted, That any person who

has been, or shall, be cledted prelident of tlifc said college or

seminary, pursuant to the provisions of the said act, shall p«f"icnt to " 1 f be appniu’il

before he shall be capable of continuing or exercising his said ofby lord

office, be approved by the lord lieutenant, or other chief tX'ihchJ-

governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and shall some time in the first term which shall follow such his before lie cx-

Vol. XX. II I? election

926 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

clcdlion and approbation, or if now elected, which shall follow t8oo. such approbation, publickly make and subscribe the following oath in the high court of chancery, that is to say

president's . / having been elefled and approved

as president of the roman catholic college or seminary of Maynooth, do swear that I will diligently, faithfully, and conscien-tiously execute the fat'd office to the best of my skill and judgment, and that I will so far as in me lies, enforce a due observance of

ythe bye-laws, rules and statutes made for the government and discipline thereof, and that I'will bear faithful and true allegiance, and to my utmost endeavours inculcate the duties of faithful and true allegiance to his Majesty King George the third, and his successors, in every member of the said college or seminary.

So help me God.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all bye-laws, rules, regulations, and statutes, which have been heretofore made for the government and discipline of the said college or fe-minary, and all bye-laws, rules and regulations, hereafter to t Cyc-laws be ma(Je for the government and discipline of the fame, shall, ed of by lord in order to give them validity, be approved by the lord lieu-d'poiited intenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and that all such bye-laws, rules and regu-asherein lations, shall be fairly transcribed on parchment, signed by the president of the said college, and secretary of the said board of trustees for the time being, and lodged from time to time in the office of the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland; provided always, that all such bye-laws, rules, regulations, and statutes hereafter to be made, shall be binding and valid, unless such lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors shall disapprove thereof, in one month from the time hye-kiv,shall such bye-laws shall be laid before such lord lieutenant, or

be binding, J

unless dirap- other chief governor or governors, respectively, and that

within oL until such disapprobation shall have been expressed, all such

IFeusthbyIl>rd bye-laws, rules, regulations, and statutes,'already made, shall be deemed valid, and of full force.

tcmit bye*'* ^III. ke enabled, That nothing herein contained

inwiuircaing shall extend, or be construed to extend to any bye-laws, rules, -he it. c. ’ 3 \

religion. 8HQ

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and regulations, affecting the exercise of the roman catholic religion, or the doctrine or discipline, or worship thereof, within the said college or seminary.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all matters which relate to the exercise, doQririe, and discipline of the roman catholic religion, the visitorial power over said college shall be exercised exclusively by such of the said visitors as are or shall be of the roman catholic religion, in the presence of the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal, and of the three chief judges, and the chancellor of the exchequer, if they, or any of them, shall think proper to attend.

X. And be it enacted, That on the death or resignation, of the said Arthur, earl of Fingall, the said reverend Richard O’Reilly, and the said reverend John Thomas Troy, or any of them the trustees for carrying the said recited act into execution, or any seven or more of them, shall at their lirft meeting after such vacancy as aforesaid, elect a fit and proper person, being of the roman catholic religion, and a natural born subject of his Majesty, to succeed to the office of a visitor, whenever it shall be so vacant, and shall return the name of the person so elected to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, within ten days from such election, for his or their approbation, and such person, if approved of by such lord lieutenant, or ether chief governor or governors, shall immediately become one of the visitors of the said college j but if lie shall not be so approved in one month after his being so returned, then and in every such case, the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall in like manner proceed to clcdl and return a fit and proper person to fuccccd to the uid office in like manner, subject to such approbation as ubresaid, and so on as often from time to time as such vacancy shall happen, by the death or resignation of any of the persons so to be elected in the place of any of them the said Arthur James, earl of Fingall, the said Richard O’Reilly, or the said John Thomas Troy, so as that there shall be a continual succeslion of three fit and proper persons proses-iing the roman catholic religion, as visitors of the said college.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees to sue, and be sued, either at

11 B e law,

Visitorial powers in matter* relating to religion.

Election oi R. C. visitov-.

pa 8 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1aw, or ia equity, by and in the name of their secretary LI—an^ that any suit to he instituted against the said truf.

Trultera tees, in any court of law or equity, touching the said col.

Sd in?)* leSe or seminary, or any estate, real or personal, claimed by name of their {{lc said trustees in right of their said trull, it shall and may be sufficient to serve their secretary with the process, or any other order of such court.

CHAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirtyseventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon.

Friday the Jitjl day of August, One thousand eight hundred, Royal Assent given*

JOB* CAVER, D CLER. PARL.

Preamble, WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed

W 'n the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating the import, export and fak of coffee, and securing the duties payable thereon; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice coffee aft 37 and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-edto mon3 'n this present parliament assembled, and by the au-emf1 sand thority of the same, That the said act shall be and continue

session. to be of force for one year, until the twenty-fourth day

of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to continue and amend two several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions and on Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings, and other Uses.

929 A.D. 1800.

- <Fridtiy the fttjl day of August, or,! thousand tight hundred) royal afftnt given.

JOHN caver.) 0. clkr. parl

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act to secure the collection of the duties on auctions and on glass bottles made in this kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for hangings or other uses, and to prevent frauds therein, which act was amended and continued by another act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled, An act to amend and continue an act passed last session of parliament, to secure Ike cdleftion of the duties on auctions and on glass bottles made in this kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or famed in this kingdom, to serve for hangings or other uses: And whereas it is necessary to amend and continue the said two acts, therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent -of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority. of the fame, that the said first receited act, so far as the fame is not altered or amended by the said second receited act, or by this act, together with the said receited act, ilia! 1 continue and be in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament.

Recital 38 G. 3. and 3^ Gc’j. 3.

Recited act

38 O. 3. so i.tr is not tiro! by ag G. 3. or by this act, and foil 3») G. 3» flvill continue until if June, 1801, and end of next session.

II. And be it enacted, That nothing in the said acts Notion-

0 tend to Tales

contained ftiali extend, or be continu'd to extend to any by order of fair by auction of any grounds, houses, or materials of 25!?l‘,lhl' houses, or any rents sold by order or under the directions of Rrc:It’ the commissioners for making wide and convenient flrects,

93° The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ways, and passages in Dublin, 'Or to charge with the duty payable on the purchase money arising on sales at auflion of any lands,-tenements, houses or hereditaments, the purchase money arising on any sale by orderor 'tinder the directions ‘of the said commissioners.

CHAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to.amend an Act, for Repair of the public Roads, and to revive and explain an Act for holding Vefiries in the Province if U/Jler, and for empowering the Ijord Lieutenant, er other 'Chief Governor, to reduce the Expence of the Police F.JlabliJImenl.

Filduy-lhe Fifthly of Jlvgif, one thousand eight hundred. Royal Affcnl given.

JOHN GAYER, B. CLER. PA?.L.

WHEREAS it is necessary to amend an ait, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the amendment of public roads, for directing the power of Grand Juries respecting presentments, an.i for repealing several laws heretofore made for these purposes; be Grand ju- jt gnadkd by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

no* may rc. J ° J J

new and make the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, repair uf and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by presentTor ^,c authority of the same, That the grand juries of coun-

fame wharin :ties shall be empowered to renew any contract already made, directed* , / r , 1 , 1

:and to enter into any further contract or agreement with proper persons for keeping in repair any part or proportion of the public roads within their respective counties, that have been heretofore made or repaired by preferment, for any space of time not exceeding seven years, and shall have full power and authority to present any sum of money to be paid to the person or persons with whom they shall make such contract or agreement, provided the same shall not exceed the sum of twelve pence by the year for each perch so to be kept in repair: And whereas it is expedient to revive and explain an act, passed in the eleventh year of his prefer.: Maje'fly, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act, pa/jcJ

*Ihe Fortieth Year of George III.

!n the fifth year of his Majesty King George the third, entitled,

An act for amending the fublic roads; And whereas it is provided by the said act, That a vestry shall and may he held in every parirti or hinion in the province of Ulster, on the first Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday after the feast of Saint Michael in every year, for the purposes mentioned in Dayiarpoiw-the said act: And whereas the days Tor holding such vestry 'f. L twki^ir mentioned in the said lift, have proved inconvenient, be it IJ!'

nct,*3t«.mcoti-

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such vestry shall, wmcat: instead of being held on the days mentioned in the said act, ftaii'hc iilu the purpose aforesaid, be hereafter held on the first

Thursday of September in every or Tim f-

ior the purpose Tuesday, Wednesday, or year.

II. And whereas the person or persons appointed collec-for or collectors of money presented at vestries held under ait and by virtue of said act, frequently refuse to account for or to pay the money collected by him or them to the director or tccnt.u,fed

r J J % 2$ lle^em tit-

directors mentioned in the said act, as the said act appoints , recke. for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon such refusal of any collector or collectors to account for, or to pay the money collected, or which ft.ouid be collected by him or them, any justice of the peace of the county seized or'possessed of three hundred pounds a year,

shall, on the complaint of any such director or directors, summon the collector or collectors so refusing to account for, or to pay, before him; and if such collector or collectors so to be summoned, shall not drew sufficient cause for such refusal, or for not colle'sting"the sum or films presented at such vestry, the justice shall forthwith, by warrant under his hand and seal, cause the furo or sums received, or which ought to have been received, without wilful default by such collector or collectors, together with the costs of such warrants, and of the constable’s trouble in levying the lame, and shall pay the same to the director or directors of the parish, to be applied to them purfunnt to the presentment ol" the said vestry.

III. And whereas'ho sufficient authority is vested in the chief governor or governors, for the time living, to reduce the fabrics or number of fub-constables in any county where couflables have been appointed, perfuaiu tc an act passed n C 2 in

532 Fortieth 2~ear of George III. A.D. 1n the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the belter execution of the law andft ejervation of the peace milhiti the counties at large; or ipurfuant to another act Chi'sfOo. passed in the thirty-.sixth. year of his said Majesty's reign, be ml" th/ -it enaflrcl by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time it fa"" I of shall please the-chi; f governor or governors, for the time fub-conaabic, being, to reduce the number of such constables, or the fabrics of the fame, -it shall and - may be lawful for him or them so to do, and the -grand juries in their respect. tive counties, in their subsequent presentments, shall conform ‘hereto.

C'H A P. LXXXtX.

An act for indemnifying such Persons as have ailed ftnee the first Day of June, one thousand seven hundred ninety-nine, for the Preservalim of the public- Peace, and suppressinn of tho Insurrections prevailing in fame Parts of this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriffs and other Officers to make the Return! therein spectfed.

Ftidaj the First damy of /htgufli Otto thousand eight hundred) Reyiih Jifftntgiven,

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. I*AIU.

WHEREAS since the eighth day-of December, one thousand seven hundred and.ninety-seven, this kingdom has been distnrbed by treasonable insurrections, and open rebellion, and the lives of many of his Majesty's loyal subjects have been loll in said rebellion, and several officers and (lic-rifts, justices of the peace, and others, have been obliged in order to suppress the said rebellion, to -do many acts not Recital am- . justifiable by law: And whereas by an act of the thirty-

nefly.-.a 38 ejgbth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled,. An act for th: King’s most gracious, general and free pardon, it is on.idled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, that he being always de-ftrous to shew his inclination to mercy, therefore his Majesty was well pleased and contented that it be enacted, that all and every his subjects are thereby acquitted, pardoned and released, pardoned and released, from all treasons, and

other

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Other crimes perpetrated, and from all fuk.s and executions incurred in consequence of the faici rebellion, or in suppressing, counterading, or putting down the fame: And whereas another ad of the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for indemnifying such pefn's as have a fled face the fifth day of November, one thousindseven hundred and ninety seven, for the preservation of the public peaa, and f/ppref Jion of the ifurreBions prevailing in fame parts of this kingdom, did receive the royal sffent on the sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas it is necessary to remove doubts touching the fair! acts, and to prevent vexations suits, and that a time be limited for the bringing of private actions for, or on account of any words spoken, or of assault, battery, or false imprisonment, committed or done within the period aforesaid; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where a trial shall be had upon any action now depending,' or hereafter to be brought against any such sheriffs, officers, or other persons, for any acts done by them, or any of them, for suppressing such rebellion or insurrections, for the preservation of the public peace, and for the safety of the (late during the time they were engaged in suppressing of the said rebellion or insurrections, for the preservation of the public peace, and for the safety of the Hate, in every such case, if the jury shall find for the plaintiff, they shall also find that such act for which the said action has been, or shall have been so brought, was done maliciously, and not with an intent of supprdfing1 rebellion or insurrections, or for the preservation of the public peace, or for the safety of the state, as the case may be, otherwise the said verdict shall be null and void.

II. And be it also enacted, That in every case in which the jury shall find for the plaintff, and that such act for which the said action has been, or may be brought, was done maliciously as aforesaid, the judge or judges before whom such action shall be tried, may be at liberty to certify against such verdict; and upon such certificate, the Vol. XX. i i D verdict

Recital lit* d.muiry art j 0. j.

It i< necessary to tenove do'ibl?, ft ml to limit time for bringing private ac* lions

VerHI&i of juries on triali for arts June . in fiippitOion of late rebellion.

Judges may certify against vet* diYh for plaintiffr. upon whirt)

« m suits may he entered in lien of ver-dirts; but plaintiffs lli.il! ti <t pay double costs.

934 a. a

1800. Chap.- 89.

Time for mmencing

lOU

Sheriffs and others were prevented from executing writs during the rebellion.

Sheriffs, &c. to make returns to courts of hindrance bp rebels.

Anions may be maintained when fitch re-tt.iBsaiefalh,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

verdict so had shall be set aside, and a non-suit entered in lieu thereof: Provided always, that in every such case

where tire judge or judges shall so certify as aforesaid, where* by the said verdict shall be so set alide, and-a non-suit entered in lieu thereof^ as aforesaid, that -in -every such case the plaintiff shall not be subject to double -colls, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no action of alfault and battery, or false iraprisonment, or for words spoken, the cause of which action shall have arisen lince the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and before the passing of this act, shall be brought, unless the same shall be commenced-within three calendar months next after the passing of this act.

IV. And whereas daring the wicked and unnatural rebellion which lately broke out in this kingdom, the civil power was in many counties within the same insufficient for the due execution of the law, and many Zheriffs and other officers were thereby prevented from-executing the writs of our lord the King, to them directed, without any default iu said fh-riffs or-other officers, and it would he unjust-that such Zheriffs or other officers should be made respon/ible for not executing such writs, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That'it shall and may be lawful to and for all ffierifts and other officers to whom any writs of our lord the -king have been directed and delivered, in all cases whatever in which said Zheriffs or other-officers have been hindered and prevented from executing any such writs by any body or bodies of rebels and traitors 'to our lord the king, without the default of such ffieriffs or officers, to return and certify to the court out of which any such writ shall have issued, such hindrance and prevention by rebels and traitors, against the will and without the default of such sheriff or other officer, and that such return shall be good and lawful excu.fe. to the court or courts out of which any such writ or writs shall have issued, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided nevertheless, that nothing herein enacted shall be construed to prevent any person or persons so injured by such return, in case the fame should not be true in fast from having and maintaining his, her or their action or actions against such flicri/F

rr

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or flierifls, or other officers, for such false return, and obtaining damages for the fame, as in other cases of false returns by ffierifis or other officers as ufua!.

CHAP. XC.

An Act for the further Encouragement njf the Cotton Manufacture, by enabling Tenants for Life to make Leases for Setter of Mills.

Friday the First Day of Attgujl, One thousand eight hundred, Royal Afint giver.

JOHN CAVER, D. CLRR. PARL.

WHEREAS the powers given by former z€ts of par- Preamble, liament to tenants in tail, or for life, to demise certain parts of their settled lands for any term of years, or for lives renewable for ever, for the purpose of making bleach yards or bleach greens, or carrying on some branch of the linen manufacture thereon, and furnishing convc-aiencies for the persons to be employed therein, have been bund to be very beneficial to the said manufacture, and it '-.il! tend to the general improvement of the kingdom to cn-ddc persons fb seized in tail or for life, to grant leases for ices renewable, or for long term of years, of certain parts a;' their settled lands, for the purpose of making thereon the: mills and machinery to be used in other manufactures, i: it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and "ith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-)onl, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the p.ifTing of this act it shall and may be lawful to and for every pm-m seized, in possession, in law, or in equity of any clia-.c in fee tail, or for life, with immediate remainder over io ni ;n tnift for his or her issue, and to and for the guar- l,nmli nuj-i..-<!ir.» or guardians of any minor being so seized, by and with ibo content and approbation of the lord chancellor, lord Pc,ru"s "lw

t cnp\igc to

Keepe--, or commissioners for the custody or the great seal, carry on tfjc

for the time being, such consent to be obtained by a petition raa'unr" "U"'

10him or them for that purpose, to demise any land out of such cfi.'.te whereof he or flic shall be so seized, being no

11 D a part

g The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

part of the demcfne usually occupied with his or her man*

1 boo* -fion house, and not exceeding fifteen acres plantation'me,i-

sure in the whole, for three lives renewable for ever, to any person or persons who shall engage and contract to carry nn in and upon such lands to be so demised the cotton manufac-‘ ture, and furnishing conveniencies for the persons to be em-cmdaloMon ployed in such manufacture; provided, that the bell and bmlnuy be hig'ncfl rent be. referred for the land so to be demised without

demifej. finC) an(j tjlat one year’s rent of the said demised land

be referred as a renewal fine on the fall of every life, to be paid within six months after the fall of such life, and that the lessee or lessees do covenant by such lease or leases, to expend upon the land so demised, the sum of fifty pounds sterling for every acre so to be demised, in erecting mills, houses, and other buildings fit and well adapted for carrying on some branch or branches of the cotton manufacture, and furnishing conveniencies for the persons to be employed therein, or any manufacture in which cotton shall be a principal material, and do covenant to preserve and keep the fame in proper order and repair, and to carry or cause to be carried on in and upon such lands to be so demised, some branch or branches of the manufacture of cotton, or other manufacture in which cotton shall lie a principal material, during the continuance of every such demile, and in fttrnifliing eonvc-niencies for the persons to be employed therein; and pro-, Buildings, Sc. vided that such mills, houses, and buildings, be erected and pkted "wt'lrin completed within five years after making of every such de-live years. mifC) and that every lease that shall be so made, agreeably to the conditions and terms aforesaid, and according to the ‘ true intent and meaning of this act, shall, so long as such . Such leases lessee or lessees shall duly perform such covenant or cove-fuloug6ns°kf. nants for building and for carrying on the said manufacture, covenants or f°me branch thereof, in and upon the lands so to he dc-, mifed, shall be good and valid, and effectual, notwithstanding any settlement or devise restraining such tenant f- r life or ia tail from making such lease or leases, and thail he good, valid, and effectual against any and every pci foil clainng . any estate in such land, as issue in tail, or In virtue of my limitation, remainder, or reversion in any 'will, settl'uicii;, or other title under which such tenant in tail or for life, (h’.l!

to

The Fortieth Year of George III. 93 j

be entitled to such land at the time of making every such A. 13. lease.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Covenants

thority' aforesaid, That where any lease for a term of lives,

with covenant for renewal, shall be made, in pursuance of

1 fattuic is Ik-

the several provisions and powers herein before made and glcflcj ra., enacted, in case the Taid manufacture, in consideration of 5Ur"' which the said lease for lives, with covenant for renewal, shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall be neglected or omitted to be well and effectually carried on by or on behalf of the person who shall at such time be entitled to the interest in such lease, for any two years during the term thereby granted, that then and in such case the said lease shall be deemed, taken, and considered as a lease for the then subsisting lives merely, and the covenant for renewal shall from thence be deemed, taken, and considered as utterly null and void to all intents and purposes, as if said covenant had never been inserted therein, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XCI.

An Act to empower the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the Militia of this Kingdom to continue in the Service such Men as shall be entitled to their Discharge before the twenty-fourth Day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and as shall be willing to re-enlijt before their Time of Service shall expire.

Friday the Jit {I day of Jugu/i. or.e thousand right hundtedt Royal AJint given.

GAYER, P. CLTR.

WMF REAS it is expedient for the general defence , of this kingdom, to continue in the service such militia men as shall be entitled to their discharges before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and shall be willing to re-enlist, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consentof the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Vol. XX. 11 E the

[Preamble.]

938 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.B. the fane, That it (ha! and may be lawful for the command-tbcc. |n2. 0ff.cet. of any regiment or battalion of militia, to con-

Ci J o J O

tim’.e in the service such men as shall be entitled to their Miluiair.cn dischareres, before the twenty-fourth day. of June, one thou-

entitled to dif- f"

chargesbcfoie fund eight hundred and one, and shall be willing to re-enlist ittoi? may be before their time shall expire, to serve for four years and such rc-enhttedif further time as any war in which this kingdom may be cn-liny. gaged, at the expiration of the said term may continue, and for-two months after the expiration of such war.

H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesairi. . Oaibtabc That persons so rc-enlisted shall take the oath prescribed to foretuE" be taken by'persons chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, by an act passed in the thirt.y-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain and amend liie laius mu in force relating to the militia of this kingdom.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such person so rc-inflated, shall, previous to the passing of this act, have taken an oath as a militia-man to serve for four years, and to

I’uG.ns the end of any war in which this kingdom may be engaged, tifemanratii, at the cxydintion of said term, and for two months after it agremclt'1 have cea^i or shall have signed any agreement to

sing of tf s*1" PurP°^'> or shall have acknowledged by lignature, or

»a, fliaiibc otherwise, the receipt of any money for such purpose, such M" oath or signature, of consent or receipt, shall be as- valid to all intents and purposes, during the period mentioned therein, as the oath prescribed by the said recited act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person so eti-Fofons so lifted having taken an oath, or signed any agreement or rc-

bcteLc"11 ce'Pf to the foregoing purport, shall be deemed and taken to

militiamen, ke an cnljfleci militia-man to all intents and purposes, and to:mnitcnt9 # ‘

and puryofes. shall receive pay, and be entitled to the fame allowances, and be subject to all the laws and regulations in force with respect to any persons serving as militia-men, and that all and every the rules, regulations, provisions, matters and things contained in any laws in force for the punishing of mutiny and desertion, shall be applied to, and be extended in as full force to any such person so sworn, as to any person who has been enrolled as a mililfa-man, under the provisions of the-cxifling laws, or either of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such sums which the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or gover-

nors

The Fortieth Year of George III. 939

nors of this kingdom, shall direct any collector of his Ma- A. I), icily’s revenue to pay to the colonel or commanding officer of £,'u0C-any regiment, or battalion of militia, for the purpose of re-cn'ifting such militia-men as aforesaid, pursuant to a vole of 1

the house of commons, of the eighth day of July, one thou- pay ft for sand eight hundred, every such collector is hereby authorized nUi;,;,. and required to pay, and all sums so paid shall be allowed to him in his account.

VI. And whereas, such re-cnlifting\vill favc much expence and inconvenience to the county which would otherwise be obliged to provide men to serve in the place of the men so re-cnlifting, if their period of service were fu/Tered to expire, and it is therefore just and reasonable that the expence thereof should be reimbursed to his Majesty's revenue, by each county so benefited, be it therefore enacted, That the focatothrii' names of the persons who shall have re-enlisted under the imlWa-m.iiT provisions of the said vote, with the dates of their re-enlist- 1.'"^ lenient, and amount of bounty paid to each, shall from time

/ plDVtll >i"« 5*1 '

to time be delivered to the several clerks of the crown by the proper officer of his Majesty's treasury, to be by him j,!,.’

laid before the court at the several a/fizes, and in the county J *'

’ vtaui*

and city of Dublin, at the presenting terms, and that each

40 CtOV.'H, {

court shall give the fame in charge to the grand jury, to pre-font the sums necessary for reimbursing thcexpences thereof, the fame tobe raised on the county at large, and paid to the receiver-general, which presentment every grand jury is hereby authorized and required to make; and in case the grand jury of any county, county of a town or city, at any a/lrzes, or presenting term, shall neglect or omit to make such presentment, then and in such case the treasurer of such county, county of a town or city, shall, and is hereby required to add in the warrant which Ire shall issue, to levy the sums presented at such aftizes, or presenting term, to be raised off the county at large, all such sums of money as shall be r.ccessary for reimbursing his Majesty's revenue as aforesaid.

11 E 2

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of ' George III.

the fane, That it shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to continueinthe femes such men as -shall be entitled to their Militiamen difeharses, before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-

eiltlltcJtocilf- p- n it

chargesbefore find eight hundred and one, and shall be willing to re-enliu

jjimc, iflot, may

rc-enlistol if they arc wil-1,'ng.

Oalli to be taken by men so re tnlif/.d.

I,e before their time shall expire, to serve for four years and such further time as any war in which this kingdom may be engaged, at the expiration of the said term may continue, and for-two months after the expiration of such war.

TI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That persons so re-enlisted shall take the oath prescriberl to be taker, by persons chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, by an act passed in the thii'ty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain and amend the law now in force relating to the militia of this kingdom-

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such person so rc-instated, shall, previous to the passing of this act, have taken an oath as a militia-man to serve for four years, and to

1’ati.in the end of any war in which this kingdom may be engaged,

wliO b«.vt , i r

ukenanoaib, at the cxp/iiation of laid term, and for Uvo months after it anraiacnt' have ceased, or shall have signed any agreement to

Cn^nflfr1" PurP°k> or shall have acknowledged by signature, or otherwise, the receipt of any money for such purpose, such oath or signature, of consent or receipt, shall be as' valid to all intents and purposes, during the period mentioned therein, as the oath prescribed by the said recited act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person so cn-lifled having taken an oath, or signed any agreement or receipt to the foregoing purport, shall be deemed and taken to be an enlisted militia-man to all intents and purposes, and shall receive pay, and be entitled to the fame allowances, and be subject to a! the laws and regulations in force with respect to any persons serving as militia-men, 3nd that all and every the rules, regulations, provisions, matters and things contained in any laws in force for the punching of mutiny and deferlion, shall be applied to, and be extended in as full force to any such person so sworn, as to any person who has been enrolled as a militia-man, under the provisions of the existing laws, or either of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such sums which the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors

sing of this act, shall be deemed en-lifted.

Fcifons so cnltfled shall be 'deemed militia men, to nt( intents and purposes.

«39

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

r.ors of this kingdom, shall direct any collector of his M.i jesty’s revenue to pay to the colonel or commanding officer of 1

any regiment, or battalion of militia, for the purpose of re "a^‘

j J A. II i8oe.

ot

CellrtV:.

nat/iii/i/f j Li

C'lUiilU*-?

Oioi:Ul U'irn* mirfe moiuv

cnlifting such militia-men as a'foresaid, pursuant to a vote thchouseof commons, of the eighth day of July, one thon- pij-iunsfa fatid eight hundred, every such collector is hereby authorized and required to pay, and all sums so paid shall be allotted to him in his account.

VI. And whereas such re-cnlifting\vill save much cxpcr.cc and inconvenience to the county which would otherwise he obliged to provide men to serve in the place of the men so rc-en lifting, if their period of service were fuftered to expire, and it is therefore just and reasonable that the expence thereof should be reimbursed to his Majesty's revenue, by each county so benefited, be it therefore enacted, That the fli1,1 d;?1*'

J l)v n:-aihilni0

names of the persons who shall have re-enlisted under the mi'ifa-uv.,: provisions of the said vote, with the dates of their re-enlist-ment, and amount of bounty paid to each, shall from time to time be delivered to the several clerks of the crown by the proper officer of his Majesty's treasury, to be by him ;Jiv,’is.;, laid before the court at the several a/fizes, and in the county '

’ Willi t;‘

and city of Dublin, at the presenting terms, and that each court shall give the fame in charge to the grand jury, to pre-font the sums necessary for reimbursing the expences thereof, the fame tobe raised on the county at large, and paid to the receiver-general, which presentment every grand jury is hereby authorized and required to make; and in case the grand jury of any county, county of a town or city, at any assizes, or presenting term, shall neglect or omit to make such presentment, then and in such case the treasurer of such county, county of a town or city, shall, and is hereby required to add in the warrant which he shall issue, to levy the sums presented at such aftizes, or presenting term, to be raised off the county at large, all such sums of money as shall be r.ccessary for reimbursing his Majesty's revenue as afurclaid.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

940

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XCII.

An act for amending an aB faffed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his Majestys reign, entitled, An act for amending and reducing into one aB of parliament, the laws relating to the Militia in Ireland.

Friday thejirjl day of Augxtjl, one thousand eight hundred. Royal Assent givtn.

\ JOHN GAYER, D. CLKR mi.

Recital militia ad,

S3 G- 3

Recited clause in said act, for vest-

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled) An Act for amending and reducing into one aB of parliament the taws relating to the Militia in Ireland, it. is amongst other tilings enact^d, That when any lieutenant colonel commandant, or other commanding officer of any regiment or battalion, shall be absent from Ireland, all the powers by said act given to such lieutenant colonel commandant, or other commanding officer, shall be veiled in, and lawfully may be exercised by the next officer in command in such regiment or battalion who shall be residing within this kingdom, until such lieutenant colonel commandant, or other commanding officer shall be returned to this kingdom, and shall have ' notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county to which such regiment or battalion belongs, and the clerk of the peace is thereby required forthwith, upon receipt of such notification, to transmit an account thereof to the officer who shall have been next in command as aforesaid, and all acts, matters, and things, done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the powers given by said act to lieutenant colonels commandant, and other commanding officers, shall be good and valid in the law, equally as if they had been done by the lieutenant colonel commandant or commanding officer himself. And whereas it would be more convenient that the several powers granted by the said act should be exercised by the colonels of Militia regiments and battalions only, and not by the next officer in command, save only in the case herein after- mentioned; Be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said heretofore recited claule, so far as the fame veils the powers

The Fortieth Year of George III. 941

powers of the lieutenant colonel commandant, or other command- A.D. ing officer who shall reside, or be in any part of the kingdom of 1800.

Great Britain, in the next officer in command, shall (land and be ;,g p,.e,.s hereby repealed, from and after the passing of this act, and that lv,"ctn°®"r the several powers veiled by the said act in the lieutenant colonels urandant is i 1 commandant of Militia regiments and battalions, be exercis'ed by the colonels o! such regiments and battalions only; provided al- P",cJ>iM^ ways, that such colonels, at the time of their exercising any of the shall be der. powers vested in them, be resident within some part of the king- banning of-"' doins of Great Britain or Ireland; but if it shall so happen that l'lccr»on,yi

rr provided they

any of the said colonels shall at any time be absent from the said reside in O B.

kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland; Be it enacted, that the or

several powers contained in the aforesaid recited clause do (land |or'uareIZ

and remain in full force, and the several colonels of Militia are fr"" G-

B- and Ire-

upon their return to any part of the said kingdoms to give notice land, said of their arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county to which the regiment or battalion of Militia of which they are colonels may belong, in the manner directed by the said recited clause.

CHAP. XCIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road commonly called or known by the Name of the Military Road, beginning at the County and City Court-Houses in the City of Waterford, and leading from thence to the Town of Tallagh, in the County of Waterford, through the Towns of Kilmacthomas, Cappoquin and Lismore, and from Tallagh aforesaid, to the Bounds of the County of Cork.

Friday tie Jupfi day ef j4uguflt one thousand tight hundred., Royal Ajffent ghen.

/OHS GAYERjD. CLER. PAP.L.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for repairing na^cT'!' the road commonly called and known by the name of the military road, fc*'nc,n-

J t J 7 miiuoners

beginning at the county and city court-houses in the city of Waterford, mould cnulti.

and leading from thence to the town of Tallagh, in the county of

Waterford, through the towns of Kilmactbomas, Cappoquin and Lif- Jjjf

more, and from Tallagh aforesaid, to the bounds of the County of Cork, «f U"»g«-

it is therein enacted, That at all meetings of the commissioners to

be held under said act, it shall be necessary that seven commissioners shall attend, in order to constitute a meeting of said commis-

Vol. XX. 11 F sioners,

part offald aula's hrrdiy re-pcakd, /

3 -commijHoner? ‘frail cotiHi-lute n board in future, and may liuld meetings in any past of couRtv or city of Wa* U'tfurd.

G. jm ics

may shut up burial ground-; in city of \W»-tcifo-d, with ccisfcut of biftop.

Money may 1 e prefcnied for burial giound'. in place of any lOlliUt up.

Grounds maybe nur-chafvd for

"The Fo-rtieth Year of George III.

sioners, ’and that no act shall he -done except seven commissioners frail attend, and that all meetings of the commissioners under said adTfliail he held at the town of-Dungarvan, or , within five miles of it; And v. hereas it has been found inconvenient to procure the attendance of seven commissioners, and it has also been found requisiteto call meetings, of the commissioners to he held in different parts of said county and dry of "Waterford; therefore, be "it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and -with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that so much of said recited act which requires that at all meetings of the said commissioners It shall be necessary that seven comtiiiilioners shall attend, and so much of said act as requires that all meetings of the’ laid commissioners shall be held at Dun-garvan, ornvithin five mike- thereof, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at all meetings of the said commissioners hereafter, to beheld, any three commissioners shall be sufficient to constitute a board of commis-onevs, and that they or the majority of them, legally, with due notice appointed, lb ill have all the -powers vested in them which are under the herein before receited act, veiled in seven c-omniinianers, and that they may summon a board of commission-e-rs to be held in any part of the county and city of Waterford.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the grand juries of the county and city of Waterford shall have full power and authority, and they are hereby empowered to present as nuisances,..and to shut up all church yards or burial grounds hi the city of Waterford, or in any pan of the county of Waterford; provided the lord hi (hop of Waterford, for the time being, Hull, liuder his hand andepifeopa! Teal, give his consent and approbation that fudi church yard or burial ground shall be shut up as albre-said.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the county and city of Waterford aforesaid, to raise any sum or Turns of money by presentment on the county and city of Waterford respectively, in order to purchase ground for cluirdh yards or burial grounds, in the place of the church yards or burial grounds so shut up.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said grand juries of the county and city of Waterford shall have full

po\vcr

The Fortieth Year of George III. 943

power and authority, and they are hereby empowered to puichafe A. IX. ground for churchyards and"burial grounds in any part of the lu00' county and city' of Waterford, notwithstanding the person or church persons from whom they purchase the fame Hull be under any li-nutation or settlement whatsoever. 'timitaiiow.*’

CHAP. xcrv.

An act to amend an ail, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Mit-jejfj s reign, entitled, An act to explain and reduce into one ail, the fever at laws for making, improving, and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city rf Dublin to Kilciil-leu Bridge, in the county of Kildare, and to the twenty-one mile f one' wef ward of the said bridge, and for. prolonging the duration of the act for repairing the road from Naas to L’merick, and\ for- the further improvement of the road from Kilworth mountain, to the city of Cork.

Friday theftrjl Jay of August, One thmfandtight hundredt Royal Ajjrnt "her.

JOIN* CA'Ytll, D CLF.R. PARL.

WHEREAS by tin act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain end reduce into one ail, the several Laws for making, improving ‘"JJ* "f and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin John Ander. to Kilcullen bridge, in the county of Kildare, and to the twen-ty-one mile [lone westward of the said bridge, and for prolong-ing the duration of the ail for repairing the road from Naas &c. to Limerick, and for the further improvement of the road from Kilworth mountain, to the city of Cork, the tolls of the said road were veiled in John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and administrators of cadi and every of them, under certain conditions therein mentioned, for the repairs and improvement of the fame, and for the discharge of certain debts and, incumbrances afledling the said tolls: Ami where- y. 1 as it has been found that the sums then due, and to be discharged (tumid hi« as aforesaid, exceeded the supposed amount thereof, in the sum of J;'’rcjl"^aknt four hundred and fifty pounds, and it is reasonable and j'ufl that UKI'-the said John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor,

should receive an equivalent for the fame: And whereas it is pro-F 2 vided

944 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

vided by the said act, that power shall be given to the commission-

i Boo. er8 thereby appointed, to erect an additional pay-gate for a certain

Commission- limited time, or until the monies to be collected' shall amount to

po«nd to"' *he one thou find three hundred and eighty pounds: Now

met an act- be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with

Mona pa> the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-

Saul addition- r;ty of (^5 fame, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners nl pay-gate

may be con- to continue the said additional pay-gate, and for the said John saidfumof1 Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the execu-dJ0'-is paid- tors and administrators of each and every of them, to continue to coltect the tolls in the said act specified, in the manner, and under the conditions therein directed, until the said further sum of four hundred and fifty pounds, for the purpose of reimbursing them, as aforesaid, shall have been collected thereat, making with the said sum of one thousand three hundred and eighty pounds, the sum of one thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds, in the whole, and no longer.

CHAP. XCV.

An Act to explain and amend an Ail, entitled, An Act to explain and amend, and reduce into one Ail, the several Lam for making-, repairing, or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas to the Towns of Maryborough and Bally roan, from the Town of Maryborough to the City of Limerick, and from the town of Nenagh to O’Brien’s Bridge, and to enable Grand Juries to present Sums to lecompeme the Proprietors through whose Lands new Lines of Road haw been run,

Friday the firfiday of August) one thousand eight hundred. Royal Afffinl given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLLR. MU.

[Preamble.]

*VJ57 WHEREAS at Ihe time of drilling out the new line of *road leading from the city of Limerick to the loan of Naas, under and by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain and reduce into one all the several laws for making, repairing, and amending the turnpike roads leading from

tht

fie Fortieth Fear of George III.

the town of Naas to the towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the fat'd town of Maryborough to the city of Limerick, and from the town of Nenagh to Q'Bric'is Bridge; several persons whose lands arc situate in the count}’ of Tipperary, between the bounds of the county of Limerick and the bridge of Kil-msfliilla, in said county of Tipperary, did not within due time traverse said new line'of road for ther damages luf-tained by the said road so running through their laid lands, and which now occupies a large portion of the fame; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it may be lawful to and for any grand jury of said county of Tipperary, at any assizes to be held at Clonmel!, in the county aforesaid, after the passing of this ail, to present upon the county at large any Ann or sums of money for the reimburscnient of any damages which may appear to the said grand jury to have been fuf-rained by the owners or occupiers of said lands, through which the said-new line of road as aforesaid has passed, the said owners or occupiers of said lands through which the said line of road passes, applying by memorial or petition to the said grand jury, vciified by affidavit, Avorn before three or more justices of the peace, in and for said county (two of.whom ane to be of the quorum) Hating the damage sustained as aforesaid, the quantity of land so occupied by the said new line of road, the acreable value of the fame, and the rflate or interest which the owner or occupier has in the fame,- and which said memorial or petition is to be lodged with the clerk of the peace for said county three days previous to said affixes, and that the said sum or sums of money so presented, may be within the space of twelve months after such presentment made, paid over by the treasurer of salt! county to the said petitioners or memorialills, the foreman of the said grand jury so presenting as aforesaid, drawing upon the said treasurer for said sum or Anns to he paid to the said petitioners or mcmorialifls.

Grant! jury* of Co. Tip* j.vraty may present !«r ihma/es fill*-t.tinctl by ovvitci a of Iiml through which the ijev/ io:d has pilll-.l, on application as herein tlt-

rcdcJ.

[Preamble.]

Petitions to be lodged three days be* fore affixes.

Vol.XX.

n G

C 11 A P.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XCVI.

An Act to revive, amend, continue, or make perpetual certain Temporary Statutes.

946

A.D. 1800.

i8oc.

Friday the Fuji Day of August, One thvfjnd eight hundred) Royal AJentgivt

JOHK GAYER, D. CLEK. EARL.

i’reamble.

3. Anne, forixcliiingc

made pctpe-(usl.

2J G. 2.

for quieting poHl-filons, and for pH. nilliii’g per-fotir. eniilluvr f »r foreign service, TaJe perpetual

11 and 12 O. r. for pre. 'cming del;,vs li;* privilege* "of

WHEREAS the several temporary laws and statufes hereafter mentioned, are found to be of general use, and proper to be continued; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An Act for the exchange of glebes belonging to churches in this kingdom, and which was further continued by several subsequent acts, iliail be, and is hereby made, and allowed to be perpetual.

[I. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, King George the fecund, entitled. An act fit the more effectual execution of orders of the courts ofju/lie, for giving and quieting possessions, and alj'o for the more efflcimd bringing to justice such person r as shall enlijl his Majestys fd-jests to serve as fldiers in foreign service without, liccfe, which ad was, by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, continued to the twenty-fourth day of lutie, one thousand seven hundred and ninny, and from thence to the end of the flier: next session of parliament, and whirl) expired with (lie session, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and was revived and continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That'an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, entitled. An act fr the further preventing delays of justice, by reason of privilege of parliament, and which

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

has been continued by several temporary statutes, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and seven, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-ntid, That an act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to prevent and punish tumultuous riftngs of persons within this kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and which was afterwards continued with several amendments, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, with the said amendments, and is hereby made and declared to

947

Chap.

96.

parliament,

to

24 Juoe,

1$07, atul en<l ofttextfcfliort.

lliot tj attd 16 G. 3. made perpetual.

he perpetual.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to prevent tumultuous risings and Rbt.ifi ajemblies, and for the more effectual punishment of persons guilty jhb

f outrage, riot, and illegal combination, and of adminifering end (aing unlawful oaths, and which hath been since continued, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present.

Majesty, entitled, An act to amend an act, passed in the jif- ,6 'm-.u-

iienlh and fifteenth years of his Majfy s reign, entitled, i’-’,i«"nt. eel to prevent and punish tumultuous ri/n.gr of perfms within this kingdom, and for other pmpejes therein mentioned, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an ail passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent malicious cutting C’ImIWiijj end wttt'/ding, and to punish offenders, called chaikers, !hn!l mat-pnpf. he, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual. U1 "

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority alorc-laid. That an ail passed in the said seventeenth and eighteenth years of the rtign of his present Majelh, entitled;

An act to authorize for a limited time the punishment by hard 1731,1 ,?,n.

labour of offenders, who jur certain crimes are, or shall become I,

liable to be tianfpsrted to any of his Majesty's colonies and

Jr / J - perpetual.

t 1 G 2 plan-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

i <i JO,

Chap. nfi. cfenfc in

17 & 18 u.

3. nuking it ftion, to l*rua!; gaul, perpetual.

i }5c 24 G- 3. tur i’e-

tliC

liberty of

die pfvlj,

ma'leperje*

t,d.

'Gunpowder Cvi j6 J-

insurrection fa;6G 5. iaturrccUon

aft 37 G- i-and three iu-fuivticUon

afts38 G. 3. are to contr-j iiuc for 7 years.

flora aliens, and which hath since been continued, shall be. and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th&'t a ciaule in an act! passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for reviving and continuing feverd temporary Jlalutes, -whereby it is made felony without benefit of clergy, in any -person, whether prisoner or othemle, who shall by force break gaol, with intention to enlarge any prisoner, which clatife hath liec-n since continued, shall be, anil is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

X. And be it further emifted by the authority aforesaid, That an act! to amend an act, passed in the twenty-third and twenty-feuith years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to ficure the liberty of the profs, ly preventing the c.bufes arijwr f un the publication of traitorous,fedilious, false, and Jlamlentts libels by persons unknown, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an adi passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, Ah ail to prevent the importation of arms, gunpowder, and ammunition into this kingdom, and making, removing, filing, anil keeping of gunpowder, arms, and ammunition, without ti case, and also another act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An ail more effectually to fippiefs infurnotions, and prevent the di/lurbance of the public peace; and also another act, passed in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his Majesty, entitled, An act to explain an ail, passed in the thirty-

sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An ail more elseilnalh, to suppress infurreilions, and prevent the di/lurbauce of the public pence \ and also another act passed In the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing an ail passed in the thir-ty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An ail more effectually to suppress injiirrcilions, and prevent the dtftitrbance of the public peace; and also another act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain an ail passed in the thirtyfixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An ail more tftee-lually to suppress infurreilions, and to prevent the disturbar.ee of the public peace; and also another act passed in the fame thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign oj his said Majesty, entitled, An ail more effectually to suppress infurreilions, and prevent the disturbauce of the public peace, be, and tire fame are hereby severally

Jbe Fortieth Year of George III. 949

farther continued for the space of seven years from the passing of this act, and no longer. 1800.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

an act to continue an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his 37 G; Majesty's 'reign, entitled, "An act for the better prevention and pu- of mshment of attempts to feducc perfims fining in his Majesty's forces by sea or land from their ditty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to in- force 7 cite them to mutiny or difdbedience, be, and the fame is hereby fur- ther continued for the space of seven years from the passing of this act, and no longer.

XIII. And be it further enacted Tty the authority aforesaid, G(in That an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, <jcraft 39 entitled, An aB the better to regulate the manufoBurc and fate oft-, mi-gunpowder within this kingdom, be, and the fame is hereby fur- ,‘jn' titer continued for the space of seven years from the passing of

this act, and no longer.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an act C(>:il atu paired in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, King y,act George the second, entitled, An act for the better Japplying the city continued so-of Dublin with coals, and for the better encouragement of the collieries '5 rar'

of this kingdom, which act was by an act made in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, continued to the twenty-fourth day of June,' one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, Hull be, and the fame is hereby made and declared to be further continued for the space of seven years, and no longer.

XV. And be it enacted, that the grand juries of the county of Grandju. Donegal be empowered to divide by prefemment any barony in

the said county, at any a'flizes, within three years from the paf-

' - nic», as hue*

ling of this a«, in manner and form as they are empowered by an in act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the division of certain baronies of great extent, in the counties of Donegal and Meath.

XVI. Whereas an act passed in the first year of the reign of Coalaft his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent the exccjftve price cominued" of coals in the city of Dublin, which was continued and amended

by an act passed in the third year of his said Majesty, entitled,

An act to amend and continue an aB, entitled, An act to prevent the txctjfive price of coals in the city of Dublin. And whereas by certain dailies in an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing, reviving, and amending fivcral temporary Jlatules, and for empowering the grand jury of the county f Kilkenny, at the assizes, to enercafi the yearly filary Vot. XX. uH of

Said a£s anti chuffs Jbal) be perpetual.

950 Yke Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

of the Ireasurer of said county, the said recited acts were further 18co. amended and extended to the city of Cork, and such other pro-

vilions and regulations enacted as were necessary to have the fame Saidafo carried into elFed therein And whereas the said recited acts and

anTcOTilnued clauses have been continued from time to time, and were by an c’aufcfln'j paded in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, C. 3.for re- An at! for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary por'j'ry !h'" Jlatulcs, continued for the term of twenty-one years from the first tuus. day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-live, and to the end of the then next session of parliament. And whereas the said provisions have been found by long experience to have produced the most beneficial effects, and to have tended greatly to alleviate the distreiTes of the journeymen tradcfm.cn, and manu-fadurers, and of the poor in the said cities of Dublin and Cork, oecalioned by the cxccfiive price of coals; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said recited acts, clauses, and provisions, shall be, and they are hereby made perpetual.

XVII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing and amending nn a A passed in the twentysecond year of his present Majestys reign, entitled, An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by malting wide and convenient passaget through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof, and for other purposes, the directors of the public coal yards in the said city are empowered, whenever they shall be obliged to purchase coals at a higher price than sixteen shillings per ton, to fell out the fame without re-i’erving the profit of one shilling her ton. And whereas it is expedient to make perpetual so much of the said recited act, and to extend the provisions of that part thereof to the city of Cork; So much of enacted, that the said herein before recited part of the said receited act recited act, be, and the fame is hereby made and declared to be iasishcicio perpetual, and that the director of the public coal yards in the cd reUhc'to city of Cork, be, and he is hereby authorized and empowered coals, M be whenever he shall be obliged to purchase coals at a higher price Scstend'11 than sixteen shillings per toil, to fell out the fame without re- ‘ rkyarJs serving the profit of one shilling per ton. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent the cxccjive price of coals in the city of Dublin, and for encouraging the foring thereof, the directors of the public coal yards in the said city arc empowered to purchase turf if they shall think fit. for the use of the poor, and also if thereunto authorized by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor, to take a

lease

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

lease in perpetuity, or otherwise, of such yard or yards in the said city, as may be found convenient for the purpose, to apply a competent part of the fund appropriated to public coal yards, to the payment of the purchase money or rent of Inch yanl or yards; and the extending the fame provision to the city of Cork, would be useful to said city; be/it enadicd, that the director of the public coal yards in the said city, be, and he is hereby empowered to imy turf if he shall think fit, and to sell the same out for the ut’es of the poor of the said city, and also to purchase, or take a hale in perpetuity, or otherwise, of such yard or yards as may be found convenient for the purpose, in the city of Cork, if thereunto authorized by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and apply a competent part of the fund appropriated to the public coal yards to the payment of the purchase money, fine, or rent of such yard or yards.

The dircc>

for of the public cual yards in cork may buy and toll lur( iW be. nt'fit of poor* and may uk- a IcaCc, if auilioiir-d !tv

I.d. l.*W

chap, xciii

An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclojing the Q. in mom. Commonable and Wajle Lands of Dromr/iin, within the Pa-rifn of Dromijkin, in the County of Louth.

Friday thejhjl day of Augttfl, Mtthovfmul tight hundred, rt>y,ii njf/ni given.

JOHK GAYER, D. CLER. PARL

WHEREAS there arc within the parish of Dromifkin, PramMa.

in the county of Louth, divers lands and grounds called the commons of Dromifkin, and other commonable and v.afle lands and grounds: and whereas the most reverend father in God lord primate of Ireland,

is, or claims to be the lord of the manor and foil of and in Claimants to the said parish of Dromifkin, and as such is or claims to be nSitinf otvner of the foil of the said commons, commonable and &c-waste lands, and the right honourable William Henry Fortcf-cue, earl of Clermont, of the kingdom of Ireland, John Byrne of Water flown, the reverend doctor Thomas Smith of Drumlickv Henry Bellingham of Castlebcllingham, Chichester

Fortescue of Dromifkin, and Mathew Fortescue of Stcphenf-town, all in the county of Louth, esquires, and the reverend Joseph Pratt, rector of the parish and jiarifli church of ii H 2 Dromifkin,

The late private agiecd v division of lands:

I Iicrc is no primate at prctcut;

the other claimants have agreed to the df’viihm herein ifier made;

Tcifons herein named, or any three of them, shall be comi-inissioners for dividing said hinds, and carrying this into effect.

Ithe 'Fortieth Year of " George III.

Bromiflcin, in the county of Louth, aforesaid, clerk, and others, are-the persons whose estates and lands being in the said parish cf Dromifltin, immediately join the said commons, commonable and waste lands, and they and the several persons holding under them, claim a right -thereto, and to {he commonage thereof: and whereas-it would be for the benefit of the several persons having such rights and interests as aforesaid, 'as well as to the country in -general, if the fame were extinguished, and if the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds were divided, and specific parts or {hares thereof allotted to the said several persons, according to their respective estates and interests in, upon, and over the fame, but such extinguishment, division, and allotments, cannot well' be made and established without the authority of parliament: and whereas the most reverend Father in God doflor"William Newcome, deceased, late lord archbilliop of said fee, and lord primate of all Ireland, did in his lifetime consent and agree that the said lands'should be divided, and that his interest, and the interest of his successors in them, should beextinguished, and an allotment made of the said commons, pursuant to the:regulations, and in the proportions herein after made and provided-: and whereas since the decease of the said late most reverend William, late lord arch-bishop of Armagh, the said fee has been vacant, and there is not at present any bishop of the said fee: and whereas the said several persons herein before named, have agreed that their said subsisting interests (hali'be extinguished, and an allotment -made of the said commons, pursuant to the regulations, and in the proportions herein after made and provided; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the "King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Dominick McCauf-la-nd, Marcus Langford Me Caufland, ‘Rowley Heyland, Thomas Johnflon, George Twible, George Murphy, and Thomas Loyd, and their successors, to be defied in manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners for . dividing and -allotting the said commons, commonable waste lands and grounds, and for putting this act into execution, and that all acts, matters and

things

The Fortieth Year of George III. 95j

things authorized or necessary to be done, and executed by A. 3). the said commissioners in pursuance of this act, may be done l^00’ and executed by any three or more of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the fame force and effect as if such acts, matters and things had been done and executed by all the commissioners herein before named, or to be appointed as herein after mentioned; provided always, that no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, (unless it be, the power hereby given of appointing the first meeting, and of admi-hiftering the oath herein after mentioned, to the other commissioners), until he shall have taken and subscribed the following-oath:

/. A.B. Jo swear, that T will faithfully, impartially, and O.uti to ht honejtly examine into, hear and determine all matters and raMur. things that shall be brought before me, as a comnvjfoner, by virtue of an all of parliament for dividing, allotting, and cn~ fifing the commons, commonable and wajfle lands and grounds of Dromifktn, in the.parish of Dromiflin, and county of Louth, and otherwise execute the powers hereby in me rep fed, according to thebejf of my skill and judgment, and without favour or af-section to, any person, or persons whatsoever-.

So help me God.

Which oath it shall and may be dawful for any one of the said commissioneFs to administer, and he is hereby authorized and required to administer the same to any other of the said commissioners.; and the said oath being taken , and subscribed by such commissioner, shall be annexed to, and be enrolled with the award or instru1ment diretfed:lo be made as herein after mentioned.

11. And be it further enacted, Tha-t if any of the said commissioners shall die, or.refuse, or become incapable to aft in the execution of the powers hereby vested in him or them, before the execution-of-.tjje;said award., it shall be lawful for the remaining, or furyi.Vjing coipm,i(floner or commissioners, and he-or they is-and are hereby:re;qi3ired by writing, under his or their.hand or hands, from time to time, within (ix days after fu.ch death, refusal, or incapacity of any such commissioner shall be known, to appoint another person

O.ith to be enrolled with the award dirt tflod tv be

When commissioners die, rtfigu, oi i<-fufc to nfl, or

b-coriie i-»ca. p.tl;h'y other# fti jtJ be appointed bp

fill VIVQT5-

954 7/6* Fortieth T'ear of George III. A.D. 1800.

not interested in the said intended division and enclosure, to fje a commissioner in the room of such commissioner so dying, refuting, or becoming incapable to act; and every commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the oath herein before mentioned, have the like power and authority to act in the premises, as the commissioner in whose place he shall succeed, was veiled with.

Notice of in and be it Further enabled. That the said commission-

meeting*, to

be given a« ers shall, and tbcy are hereby required to cause notice in Jercio^irca- wrj(;tlg of t|,e time and place of their first, and every other meeting, for the execution of this act, to be affixed upon the principal door of the parish church of Dromilkin: - aforesaid, and to.be inserted in one or more of the public newspapera then published in the city of Dublin, ten days at lea ft before every such meeting, ^meetings by adjournment only excepted), and if at any meeting appointed to be held by the said commissiemers, it shall happen that a sufficient number of commissioners shall not attend, then and so often any one of the said commissioners may adjourn such meeting to such time and place, as he shall think most convenient.

Survey, iv. And be it further enacted, That a true and perfect

plan.and va- 1

luation to be survey, admeasurement, plan and elevation of all the com-Srowmigjr"*"1 mons, -commonable and waste lands and grounds, situate, other person and being within the said parish of Dromiflrin aforesaid,

ifhenegwu. and.commonly called the commons of Dromilkin, shall, with: all convenient speed, after the passing of this act, be made and ;perfected by Miller John Brownrigg, of the city of 'Dublin, land surveyor, (in case he shall in all things conform to the orders and directions of the said commissioners,) but in case be shall die before such survey, admeasurement, plan and valuation shall be completed, or in case he shall neglect or refuse to make the fame within such time as the said commissioners shall order and direct, or to comply with the orders and directions of the said commissioners, then the same shall be made by such person or persons as the said commissioners Simcj,&c. Khali appoint; and the said surveyj admeasurement, plan w commit and valuation, shall be reduced into writing, and the num-byd ber of acres, roods and perches contained in the said com-tiicfoliowing mons, commonable and waste grounds, with the annual value thereof, shall be-therein "set forth and ascertainedj and the

The Fortieth Year of George III. 955

the said survey, plan, admeasure,emt and valuation, when f compleated, shall belaid before thefa id commissioners at their several meetings, to be held in pursuance of this act, and the fame, together with all other acts, matters and things to be done by the said John Brownrigt, or the person or persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be verified by his or their oath, which oath shall be in the words following:

I A.B. do swear that I have made the annexed survey upon aflutl inspection of the premtfes thereby described, according to tie best of myjhill and judgment., according to the aSlualJiaic of the said premtfes, without favour or partiality to any person whatsoever.

So help me God.

Which oath any one of the said commissioners is hereby empowered to administer j and the said commissioners and fur-'l*«wcrirf veyor, their assistants and servants, and all and every other fTff, person and persons employed by the said commissioners shall, afll lj,lls' &L'-and they hereby have full and free liberty and power at any time or times before the execution of the said award, and to enter into, view, examine, survey, roeafure, plan, value, and allot the several lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided end allotted, and to fix flakes or land marks thereon, and to do all matters and things which shall in the judgment of the said commissioners be requisite for carrying this act into execution. And whereas disputes may happen to arise touching the boundaries of the said commons, commonable and waste grounds of Dromiikin; in order therefore to settle such disputes, be it enacted that the said commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause notice of their inten- Pubnv not ire tion to set out the boundaries of the said commons, commonable and waste grounds of Dromiikin, to be inserted in one or more of the said public newspapers, ten days at lend before the time of setting out such bounties, and after the expiration of the time to be specified in such notice, they the said commissioners are hereby authorized and required to enquire into, set out, ascertain, fix, and determine the boundaries of the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, jx-fciijitiu-. and a description of the said boundaries (1) iil, within one j

t.i o if or ttij-v

III? calendar

9.56 ’The. Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

calendar month afterwards, be inserted in one or more of the public newspapers.

97' y And be it further enacted, -in order;to-shorten the boundary fences between the said commons, commonable

- and waste grounds, and the adjoining lands, that it shall be ‘ lawful for the said commissioners, with the consent in

writing, under the hand of the lord of the manor, and the; hands of the major part in value of the land-owner or owners of- any adjoining lands upon which such fence or fences

manm'bJuii- are -intended to be made, to set out, a (certain, and deter-dary fence, mine the boundary fences to be made'’between the said com-

-are to be y

m&ie. mons, commonable and waste grounds, adjoining to the lands and grounds hereby directed to be-divided and allotted in such manner as they shall adjudge proper for the purposes

- aforesaid, and after fufch boundary fences shall be-set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be

' fenced by such persons in such manner, and at such time or times as the said commissioners shall order and direct in and ‘ by their award, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the boundaries between the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, and such adjoining lands, any law, usage, or custom to the-contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all encroachments, which at any time-within twenty years now Iaft pafl, have Encroach.’ been made upon the said- commons and waste grounds,

ment# witmn9

iwemyycars shall be deemed part of the lands and grounds to be divided . rf part of" aBC* allowed by virtue of this act, and shall be divided and said lands, allotted accordingly, by the said commissioners.

VII. :And whereas numbers of persons have built cab-' bins, and settled upon the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, without even a right of commonage or pretence to that right; therefore be it enacted, that such person wio'have'fct or Persons as appear to said commissioners to have set-ik-il on such tied thereon as aforesaid, shall be depri ved of the part or n right of parts of l"a>d commons, commonable and waste grounds as

- he, she, or they shall appear to have so encroached upon,

--moved.: arid’ be sent off the fame: and in case any dispute shall arile

touching any such encroachments or fettkrs, or the extent or numbers thereof, such dispute shall be finally determined by the fair! commissioners.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 957

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every A.D. person and persons having or claiming to have any estate or 'oc'_property, or any right of common, or other right or interest whatsoever into, or over or upon the commons, commonable

or waste grounds hereby directed to be divided or allotted,

or any part thereof, shall by themselves, their guardians,

iruflees, agents, or tenants, and they are hereby respective-

lv required at the first or second meeting of the said com- Chmi, m

inilfioners to be held in pursuance of this act, to deliver

in writing to the said commissioners a true and iuft account ,ir r feeond . ° ' nutting,

of their respective claims, rights, and interests into, over,

or upon the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be

divided and allotted, or any part or parts thereof, or to any

timber trees, and that no such accounts or claims shall be

received by the said commissioners, after such their second

meeting, except for some special cause, to be allowed by them, and all and every person and persons neglecting or

refusing to deliver such accounts as aforesaid within the time

aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby excluded and

debarred from any right of common, or any other common-

i O 7

able right or interest whatsoever into, over, and upon the said common fields, lands, commons, commonable and waste grounds; and if any one or more of the said owners and 'vl‘° proprietors, or oilier persons interested in the said intended cn;,m M division, and allotments shall have any objeilion or objections to the said accounts or claims, or any of them, such objee- ,l-c

J , comtmlltJiiers

tion or objections shall be reduced into writing, and delivered to the said commissioners, and to such other person or persons, in such manner, and at such time or times as the said commissioners shall appoint.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- Comm'in. sioners shall, in the first place, set out and appoint such

public and private roads and ways, and shall order and direct such bridges, ditches, banks, ftilcs, gates, bars, inlets, out- «H:ciu-s, &c. lets, drains, water courses, cutting, Heightening, or deepening the river or other old water courses, and other works crcfled or to be credled and made on the said common or commonable waste lands, as they shall think necessary and proper i and there being at present a mill at the outlet of MfflatLur-a river, called Lurgan-green or Dundoogan mill, which ini- gnnGreu' pedes the passage of the water, and floods said commons,

Vol. XX. 11 K commonable

Publicyfiuia to be 40 feet wide,- and fenced on both tides.

No gates on said road, nor trees in or rear heJgcs, at luTs «lm 3 yards fr»m each oilur.

Commiflt hi-eis to appoint a surveyor, whose falitry and other ex-pjneesof roads, $cc. they flu! pay.

None but proprietor^ of grounds divided shall be charged for fuel) roads, until they ate fit for traveller!', oce. as hrn-i.t di-reded.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

commonable and waste grounds, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to make such cuts, outlets, or banks, or to take away banks, as they shall consider necessary to give the water free passage; provided always, that such cuts, outlets or banks, or the taking away such banks, do not interfere to lower the present bead,-level, or over/hot of the mill; provided also, that all new- public roads so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid (except bridle roads and foot ways, in case any such shall be set out) shall be forty feet in width between and exclusive of the ditches, and so that all the said roads shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both (ides, in such manner and within such time as the said commissioners shall direct and appoint, and that it shall not be lawful for any person to credt any gate across any of said public roads, or to plant any trees in or near the hedges on the fides thereof, at a less distance from each’other than three yards; and after such public roads shall have been set out as aforesaid, the said commissioners lbnll, and they hereby required, by writing under their hands, to appoint feme proper person to be surveyor thereof, and such surveyor shall cause the said new roads to be fenced and put in good and sufficient repair, ’and shall be allowed such salary or reward for his trouble therein as the said commissioners shall, by writing under their hands, direct and appoint, which salary or reward, and also the expences of forming said roads, and of putting the fame in good and sufficient repair, shall be borne and paid by the said commis-'lioners out of any money which shall coroe into their hands by virtue of this act, and that none of the inhabitants of the said parish of Dromifkin, other than the proprietors of the lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be charged and chargeable towards the forming and repairing of the said roads, until the same shall be made (it far the purpose of travellers and carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said surveyor, by writing under his hand, to be delivered to the justices of some general quarter sessions of the peace to be hblden for the :said county, and such certificate shall have been allowed and confirmed by them, which certificate shall be delivered to the said justices at their general rjuarter sessions, to be

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

holden next after the ft id roads shall have been forni.'d and put into good and foflicient repair as aforesaid, and within the space of nine months next after the execution of the said award, tinless sufficient reason be given to the satisfaction of the said justices that a further time is necessary for that purpose, in which case the said justices inav, and are hereby empowered, to allow fitch further time fur the delivering in said certificate as they flrall think proper, not exceeding one year; and ;n case the said Purveyor fiiail lV.wity «a neglect or refuse to deliver in such certificate within the time a.i.',.!;,; before limited, such surveyor fit all forfeit and pay a film not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered by distress o>a and falc of his goods and chattels, by warrant tinder the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the said county, rendering the overplus (if any) to the said surveyor, after deducing the charges and expences of such warrant, distrcls, sad sale; and such penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in aid of and towards the expences of obtaining and carrying this act into execution; and that after such certi-

S tid rotul

licate shall have been delivered to the said justices by the ‘I'jJh','’* i'aid surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have been by them al- "‘-‘I mrrt lowed and-confirmed, the said roads shall be repaired and Iu'^Umvs, kept in repair in such manner as public highways are by law directed to be repaired; and that after the Petting out and making such public and private ways or roads, it lltall not be lawful for any person to use any ways or roads, cither N«»o>er public or private, either on foot or with horses, cattle or Diallw u’cd* carriages, other than such as shall be set out and appointed as aforesaid, shall be deemed part of the Ian ds to be inclosed out. by this act, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly. Print* wajt, and that all the private ways, fences, banks, ditches, drains, water-courses, bridges, gates, bars, and other works which shall be set out, erected, and made in ptirfuance of this act, s'.mm shall be made, and at all times thereafter repaired, cleansed, supported, and maintained by such person or persons, and in such manner as the said commissioners shall, by their said award, order, direct, and appoint; provided always, that the said commissioners shall, before the setting out any roads or highways in pursuance of this act, catife ten days PuM;* no,:.t

notice of their intention in that behalf, and a deferiplion of c,

to be

com-n IJ7,

I I K 2

all

">on

960

A.D.

1800. Chap. 97

tended to be set out, and cbjc&ions thereto, or proposals, to be delivered within n days to com* utissioners.

Part of commons, &c. to be set out for the primate and hii fnccefiojs.

Fait Jobe set out for lectors of Jhumilkiii.

Commtf-I'o.itrs to fell by auttia \ 3 lots of relidec of said lands, to defray the expenses of

tin's act, and oilier tx-pences, giving rotice ns herein d’Vedled.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

all the public highways and roads intended to be set out and appointed by them, to be affixed on the principal door of the parish church of Dromilkin aforesaid, and be inserted in one or more of the public newspapers , and if any person or persons shall have any objection thereto, or shall propose any other roads or highways, such person or persons shall deliver their ohjeflions or proposals in writing to the said commissioners, within twenty-one days, or at the lirft meeting of the said commissioners after the publication of the said notice, and the said commissioners shall thereupon hear t'ne parties, and the evidence offered in support of the said objections or proposals, and after due consideration thereof, the said commissioners shall set out and appoint all, or any part of the public toads or highways described in the said notice, or such other public highways or roads in lieu thereof, as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall, in the next place, assign, set out, and allot unto and for the lord primate and his successors, lords primates of all Ireland, such part of the said commons, commonable and wade lands or grounds within the said parish of Dromifkin, as in the judgment of the said commissioners shall be a full recompence and compensation for his or their right or tights in and to the foil of the said commons, commonable and waste lands.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall then assign, set out, and allot unto the said reverend Joseph Pratt and his successors, reflors of the parish and parish church of Dromilkin, so much of the remainder of the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, a:s they shall think and adjudge to be a full equivalent and compensation for his and his successors, reflors of the said parish of Dromilkin, right of common appendant to such rectory, and the glebe thereunto belonging.

XIF. And whereas it would be more beneficial to the several persons interested in the said division and inclosure, if a competent patt of the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, was set apart and fold, and the money arising from such falc applied in defraying the expences of obtaining and carrying this act into execution, be

it

1800. Chap. 97.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 961

it therefore further enabled, That the said commissioners shall, A. I), and are hereby authorized and required, as Icon as conveniently can be done after the passing of this act, to set out, in not less than three lots, so much of the reliduc of said commons, commonable and wade lands, as in their opinion will, by the Tale thereof, produce a sum of money fofilcient to pay and defray all (the charges and expences of obtaining and passing of this act, and of the surveying, admeafnring, planning, dividing, and allotting the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, and also all other costs, charges, and expences of carrying this act into exception, and to fell the lots, so directed to be sold as aforesaidl, at public audlion, for the belt price that can he got for the fame, but notice of every such sale shall be given three times in one or more of the said public newspapers, for three Saturdays previous to the day of such falc; and the person or persons who shall at such sale be the highest bidder for any such lot or lots, shall be deemed the purchaser thereof, and shall immediately pay to any one of the commissioners who may be present at such sale, one-fifth part of the purchase money, as and for a deposite, and shall engage to pay the residue of the purchase money within two calendar months afterwards, into the hands of one of the said cotn-missioners, who is hereby authorized to give receipts for the fame, and also for the money to be paid, as and for a deposite as aforesaid, provided always, that if any purchaser having made such deposite as aforesaid, shall not pay the whole of the purchase money within the time appointed for the payment thereof, the money so deposited shall he for- whole pur-feited to the said commissioners, and shall be applied to- paid in

wards defraying the expences attending the execution of this nml act; and it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, upon hwi nnybe giving such notice as aforesaid, to put up again to sale such anpJ8a"‘ lot or lots, for which the whole of such purchase money shall not have been paid, and so Mies queries until the same shall be fold, or the said commissioners may, if they think proper, sell and dispose of such lot or lota, by private contract, fik-ti to'-may for the belt price that can be gotten for the fame; and the u.

money arising by the sale or sales of such lots as aforesaid, shall be applied by the said commissioners for the several pur-cofes aforesaid.

Vot.XX. 11 L Kill. And

Payment <»f purelufc

inyjtwy.

9^2 'The ’Fortieth Year of Gpoxgz IS.

A.D. 1800.

XHT. And be it further enacted, That the said com-Chf°- miffinnera.are hereby authorized'by any deed or deeds to —' ' bi executed by them under their hands and seals, to grant CommissiMm ?,nti convey the fee Ample and inheritance rif such part of .'f r ijin':’i; t'!C commons, commonable and 'waste' lands and grounds so sold to the purchaser or purchasers" thereof, and all such grants and conveyances'shall be valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, and after the execution of ary such grant or conveyances, the "lot or lots so-granted and conveyed, shall be held by every such 'purchaser, his heirs and assigns, freed and discharged of and from all right of common, right of foil, and all other rights and interests of any other person or persons whom soever, in,-over, and upon the fame, any law, custoro, or ufuge, to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that the purchaser or purchasers of such lot or lots to be sold as aforesaid, shall bi SnUbeMi- subject to the performance of all orders, regulations, and di-iect to tndm regions,-which shall be made by the said commissioners, and for crc1/1»£>.

fracing, &c. inverted in tncir award far encloling, fencing, and draining such commons,’commonable and wade lands and grounds,

and for maintaining and keeping drains and fences belonging thereto-in good repair.

Howfur- XIV. 'And ‘ be' it further enacted, That' in case there

plus ftialt be

iiiiiribnted, shall be any ' surplus of the money armng from the sale of madeup."^ ^uch. part of the said commons, ’commonable 'waste lands and grounds, after paying all charges and expences aforesaid, 'such surplus shall be paid to, and distributed amongst the several persons' to whom otherparts of the said commons, commonable and waste lands, shall have " been assigned and allotted in ’such shares and proportions as ‘the said commissioners shall think equitable and just; but'if it shall happen that the purchase money shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge all such'charges and expences as aforesaid, then such deficiency shall be made Up and paid to the said cotn-fiiiflloners by the several peffons interested in the division , and inclosure'Of the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, in such shares and proportions, and within such time or times as the said commissioners shall by any writing or writings'under their hands order,-direct, and appoint; and if any such person shall refuse or neglect to pay his or her share or proportion of the said costs,-charges, and

The Fortieth Year of George III. 9^3

expences, to the person or persons authorized to receive the same, at the time which shall be appointed by the said commissioners for the payment thereof, then, and in such case, the said commissioners shall and may, by warrant under their hands ajjd seals, directed unto any person or persons whora-soever, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducing the charges and expences attending such warrant, distress and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the commissioners, by writing under their hands and seals, to authorize and empower one or more person or persons to cater into and upon the lands and grounds to be allotted or belonging to the person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, to take and receive the rents, issues, and profits of the fame premises, until thereby or therewith, the share and proportion of the costs, charges and expences so appointed to be paid by such person so negledirtg or refusing as aforesaid, with lawful interest thereupon, from the time the same shall have become due, and also all costs and expences occasioned by, or attending such entry on the perception of the rents and profits of the said premises shall, respectively, be fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- . DilV,bu-

tion to un«

lioners ftialj in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto tier-tenants the several undertenants of the several persons herein be- amlCOUJ|=cr’ fore mentioned, and to the owners of messuages or cottages, who for twenty years last pall have enjoyed a right of common upon the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, such parts and parcels of the said commons, commonable and waste ground within the said parish of Dromilkin, as the said commissioners shall in their judgment deem andcon-lider the said persons to be respectively entitled to, for and in lieu of such their respective right of common.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- niiWbu. doners shall then assign, set out, and allot the residue and ufTaidcorn-remainder of the said.commons, commonable and wafic lands raol",‘,‘c' and grounds within the said parish of Dromilkin, unto and amongst the said moll reverend father in God,

lord primate of all Ireland, the right honorable 11 L a William

9%

A.D. 1800.

iOoo. Chap. 97.

Power of commissioncis to summon witnesses, and enforce at* tendance.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

William Henry Fortescue, earl of Clermont, William Charles Fortescue, John 'Byrne, the reverend doflor Thomas Smyth, Henry-Bellingham, Chichester Fortescue, and Matthew Fortescue, and other proprietors, if any be, their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, and successors, owners and proprietors of the lands adjoining to the said common, in focli -(hares and proportions as the said commissioners shall judge and determine to be the value of, and in full satisfaction and compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for such rights of commonage'as they have hitherto respectively enjoyed therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required from time to time, as they shall feeoccasion, by any writing under their hands, to summon and require any person or persons to appear before them, at any time and place in such writing mentioned, and to testify the truth upon oath, touching any matter in difference between any of the said proprietors or persons interested, or concerning any matter or thing relating to the premises, wherein any doubt or difficulty shall occur to the said commissioners, and to cause a duplicate or copy of such writing to be delivered to such-.person required to testify, or left at his or her Iaft place of abode, and if any person having been so summoned as 'aforesaid, ’and having been paid or tendered a sufficient sum of money, to be ascertained by the said commissioners, to defray the charges of his or her attendance, shall, without just and ;reasonable excuse, neglect, or refu’fe to appear before the said commissioners, pursuant to such summons or writing, onshall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined, and give evidence touching the premises, the said commissioners, /upon-due proof thereof made before them-upon oath, which oath any one of the said commissioners is hereby empowered ts administer, shall, and they are hereby required by warrant under their hands and deals, -directed to any person or persons whomsoever, to cause any sum of money, not exceeding fifty findings, nor less than ten shillings, to be levied by - distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so npglefling or refuling to appear, and give evidence, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold,

after

The Fortieth Year of George III.

965

after deducing the costs and charges attending such warrant, A U. distress, and sale, and the money fb to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the costs and charges v^«4r*«s of obtaining and executing this act, and if any person, on p,(on, his or her examination upon oath before the said commission- 8^ ers, shall wilfully and corruptly give faile evidence, such per- «*}> ftaU son so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, jmT. F and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds hereby dtrcfted to be &c.to be co-divided and allotted, shall be enclosed, hedged, ditched and fenced

by such person or persons respectively, within such time, and in such manner as the said commissioners shall in and by their award, comiuifioa-order, direct, and appoint, and such hedges, ditches and fences<rs-shall at ail times thereafter be maintained and kept in repair by such of the proprietor or proprietors of the said lands and grounds as the said commissioners shall, by writing under their hands, order and direct; and if any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to make and raise such hedges, ditches and fences, according to the order and direction of the said commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required to cause such hedges, ditches or fences, to be raised and made by such person or persons, in such manner, and at such time, as they the said commissioners shall order and direct; and if the person or persons who ought to hare raised and made such hedges, ditches, or fences, shall neglect or refuse to pay the costs and expences of railing and malting the fame, such costs and expences being settled by the said commissioners within five days after demand made thereof, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied by such ways and means as the costs, charges and expences of obtaining and executing this act are to be levied and recovered, in case of a deficiency of the money to he raised by the file of land, to defray the expences thereof.

XIX. And for the better preserving the ditches, hanks, plants, p0flSl &Ci quicksets and fences of the said intended endofures, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said respective persons to whom any for prow&ion lands or grounds shall be assigned or allotted by virtue of this act, &c, r.?r 7

'Many acre# of adjoining land are - flooded, and woufd be

a water* course:

3'he Fortieth "Year of George III.

A. 15. from' time to time, and at all times during the term of seven years /8oo. next after the execution of the said award, to set or fix polls or -rails, or any other guards, on the outside of the ditches, banks 'and fences,’ bounding their respective allotments, not exceeding three feet from such ditches, banks and fences, for the belter pre-

- servation of their quicksets, and at all seasonable times before the end of the said term,- to remove,' take and carry away, fuclt pods,

'rails, and other guards, and convert the same to their respective uses: And- whereas there are many acres of land of the adjoining parishesto the said-commons, commonable and walle grounds, that now are much flooded, and if a watercourse was cut, banked, benefited by or taken through the said commons, or part thereof, would be drained" thereby, and such lands, as Well as those immediately

bounding and shearing with said commons, commonable and waste grounds, and the landholders and occupiers thereof, will he great-

- ly advantaged and benefited thereby, and by the ring or bounding fence which will become, their shearing, when the said commons,

commonable and waste grounds arc enclosed, pursuant to this act; be it therefore lurther'enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to charge such sum and films of ftioney on the said lands and groupdf so benefited by the said drains and boundary, or ring fence, and upon the owners and occupiers thereof, as they fliaji think such lands and grounds, or the owners or owner there-

of,' shall according to their respective ellates or interclls therein, rairagts to be be benefited thereby; provided such sum does not in the whole !*fraonSur exceet* t^ie sum of two pounds (lerling per acre; provided always, that convenient gaps and operiingslhall be left in the fences and enclosurcs to be made in pursuance of this act, for the space of twelve calendar months next after the execution of the said-award, for the passage of cattle, carts and carriages in and through the fame, unless the several parties interested shall agreee that the same shall be sooner made up and enclosed.

'If personsAnd be it further enacted,'that the several persons to whom to whom any lands or grounds shall be allotted by virtue of this act, shall he allotted do accept-of their respective allotments by taking possession thereof Mfion^wahin Wlt^n the space of four calendar months next after the execution V'oftb aware^’ anil not^ce' thereof in writing to them respective-

farevtrfc' ly given by the said commissioners, or left at their usual place of abode; jtnd in case any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to accept his, her, or their allotment or allotments within the time herein before mentioned, such person or persons shall be totally excluded [from, and debated -of any estate, interest, right,

Commissioners may charge' lands

so benefited, not exceeding si. per acre.

bamd.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 967

or common, or any other property whatsoever, intb, or over and A.D.

upon any commons, commonable or waste lands or grounds, which 1 ^0O>

shall be assigned or allotted to any other person or persons in pursuance of this act, provided always, that the guardians, husbands, committees, trustees or attornies of any person or persons being &c. &c. &c. minors, under coverture, lunaticks, or beyond the leas, or other- "f

wife incapable by law to accept such shares and allotments as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof, for the use of such person or persons lb incapacitated as aforesaid, and every such acceptance shall be, and is hereby declared to be as valid and eSedtual as if the person or persons for or to whom such allotments shall be made respectively, were capable of acting for hitnfelf or theml'elves, and had accepted such shares and allotments as aforesaid, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; but the non-claim or non-acceptance of claim within any guardian, husband,- executor, committee or trustee, shall not exclude or prejudice the right or claim of any infant, feme co- citi« arc revert, or person under any disability as aforesaid, -who shall claim be allowed, or accept his or her share or allotment within the space of twelve " calendar months next after such disability or incapacity shall be re- «,_&?. moved, nor shall any such non-claim or non-acceptance exclude or , Mihs. prejudice the claim or right of any person entitled as heir, or in remainder, after the death of any person dying under such disability or incapacity, the person or persons so entitled, claiming, or accepting his, her, or their share or allotment within the space of six calendar months next after'his, her, or their right, title, or interest, shall have defeended or accrued.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners An i'.-.iIit-

munt tu

shall, within twelve calendar months after the parting this a£, or writing, u> be as soon as conveniently may be after the said commissioners shall have completed the division of the said commons, commonable and valle lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted «1 the tlivi-pursuant to the directions of this act, form and draw up an award bcrehHh'rect-cr instrument in writing, which shall e'xprefs and denote the quan- etl-tity of acres, roods, and perches of the said lands and grounds, and the quantity of each and every part and parcel thereof which Hull he assigned and allotted to each of the parties entitled to or in-trrdled in the fame, and shall also contain a description of the situ-aiion, abuttals, and boundaries of the fame parcels and allotments respectively, and such orders and directions for railing and maintaining fences thereon, and for laying out, making, and maintaining proper roads, ways, passages, bridges, gates, stiles, drains, sad water-couvfes in, through, over, and upon the fame premises,

1 r M 1 and

g6S The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

and also such other orders and regulations as the said commission-

1800. eps (lia]l think proper and necessary to be inserted in such award,

conformable to the purport and tenor of this act, and two parts Twx^arttof of laid award fairly engressed or written on parchment, with a remaps annex- duced map or plan -of the said commons, commonable and wade signed'falei 'an<^s aBt^ grounds thereto annexed, shall be signed, sealed, and and delivered delivered by the said commissioners, and the said award shall, EonroT'1" within six calendar months after the execution thereof, be enrolled

award tote jn rons’ 0fjjce of the court of chancery of Ireland, to the end

enrolled in 4

chancery, recourse may be had to such enrollment by any person or persons

months? and inter eft ed in the said premises, and the said award, or a true copy rfaice"CVI" thereof, or of any part thereof, signed by the proper officer or his

deputy, shall, from time to time, and at all times thereafter, be

admitted and allowed as legal evidence of the matters and things Onc psrt of therein-contained in all -courts whatsoever, and one part of the delivered-to said award so-enrolled as aforesaid, shall be delivered -to the said and Mother primateof all Ireland, or his successor primate of all Ireland, and lept in the the other part thereof shall he deposited and kept in the parish of^omilldn. church chest of Dromi/kin aforesaid, or in such other place within ithe said parish of Dromi/kin as the said commissioners shall appoint, and the said award and the several allotments, partitions, exchanges, orders, directions, and other matters and things therein contained, shall be, and are hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every person and persons interested in and.entitled unto the several and respective premises lb to be Proprietors divided, allotted, and exchanged as aforesaid; provided always, ownapences t^13t proprietors, their attornies, and agents, shall pay

auacctiogs. thir own expences, when they, or any of them, shall attend the said commissioners at any of their meetings, to be held in purfu-Money ad- ance of this act: provided also. That if any of the proprietors, or

vinced by persons interested in the said commons, commonable and waste

anctors " 1

be re- lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or fere it,"by any other person or persons, on his, her, or their behalf, shall commHiion- >aiivance ant] pay any money in discharge of the fees or other expences of obtaining and executing this act, the money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the direction of the said commissioners, together with lawful interest for the fame. Commifli-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners . rim Mac- y],a]l and they are hereby required, at or before the time of their

count before ' 1 ,

proprietors, signing and executing their said award, to make out a lull and ciiarge 31.8s. particular account of all the charges, expences, and di/burse-3d. each, per lnents which shall accrue* or be made by them, or by their order and consent in the execution of this act, and of all monies by The Fortieth Year of George III. 969

them the said commissioners received, allowed, laid out, and paid A.D. in about or for, or concerning the said division and inclosure, K'>°°-which account, with the proper vouchers, they shall produce to the said proprietors, or any of them, and which laid account shall be signed by the said commissioners; provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners and their lltccessors, to charge in the account to be by them made out, the fitm of three pounds eight shillings and three pence sterling, for each day that each and every of said commissioners shall attend and be actually occupied and employed in and about the execution of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Pvfansaj.

J * grieved may

foils shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any petition

tiling done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case, cxc!etpi°r he, (lie, or they, may prefer a petition to the court of chancery, or the court of exchequer, praying redress, which courts respectively shall thereupon cause such proceedings to be had in a summary manner, and shall make such order or orders for redress of every such person who shall be so aggrieved, as to justice in equity shall appertain, saving always to the King’s most excellent Majesty, systj>c his heirs and successors, and to all and every other person and per- Mdjcity im] ions, bodies politic and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, fuc- olllers-ccflors, executors, and administrators, save and except the several persons to whom any allotment or allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of this act, for, or inrelpcfl of such rights and interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred and deflmycd, and all persons respectively claiming under them, all such right, title, and interest, which they, cither, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said lands and grounds hereby tlirefled to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, in case this act had not been palfed.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

97°

A.D. 1800.

CHAP. XCVIII.

An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from Tubber, near the Bounds of the Counties of Clare and Galway, to Ennis, in the County of Clare, and from thence to Thomond-Gate, in the County of the City of Limerick.

Friday the f.rfl day of August, One ihoufand eight hundred^ Royal jiffent giver,

JOHtt GAYER] 0 CLER. PAr.L.

PrccmUe.

WHEREAS the several laws now in being, and heretofore made for repairing and keping in repair the the road leading from Tubber, near the bounds of the counties of Clare and Galway, to Ennis, in the county of Clare, and from thence to Thomond-Gate, in- the county of the city of Limerick, have been found by experience to be ineffectual, and a new line of road is necessary to be made from different parts of said road now in use between said points, and it is therefore necessary that said several acts heretofore made for repairing and keeping in repair said . line of road be now repealed, and that one law be enacted for effecting the purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enacted by the King’s' most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Former consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this r*ti"s present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, in described, that from and after the first day of August, one thousand eight praledby hundred, the said several laws so heretofore made, and now in being, relating to the said road, be, and fame are hereby repealed, and made- null and void.

Prrfmis here-

II. And be it enacted, That the honorable Francis Burton, bc'c!iffiall Hugh Dillon Maffey, Sir Edward O’Brien, Col. Charles M‘Don-ooers of road nell, Francis Macnamara, James Creagh, Boyle Vandelcur, Auf-. wUmcrLk" tin Fitzgerald, John Onnfby Vandeleur, John O’Callaghan, Lau-rence Gomyn, William Macnamara, Henry Butler, Henry B’Ef-terre, John Prenclergall Smyth, William George Stackpooie, William Caufabon Purdon, and John Westropp, be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners and trustees of the said road, leading from Tubber to the said city of Limerick.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and -iopfiom every the sum and sums of money now due, or in the hands of '"il'o'i'id any Person whatsoever, aiifnig from the tolls of said road, shall, fr0!n and alter the passing of this act, be, and are hereby veiled

%-he Fortieth Year of George III. 97 c

m, and shall belong to the said trustees or commissioners herein A.D. named, and their successors, and accordingly shall be paid over 1 Soo. to them, or such person or persons as they, or any {even of them shall lawfully authorize to receive the same, and the fame when so received, shall be by them applied to the several purposes of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case of any default of payment within one month after demand in writing, to be figued by any fevctl or more of fsid commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to sue for and recover from the person f-r

# 1 wahfcc’tl or.e

or persons so indebted, or withholding such lum or sums as ihill month after appear, and be proved to be due by them, or which they ought to '".,1 have received, and which had belonged to, or was or were before w»er bit«^ the passing of this act subject to the order or direction of said former trustees, or which shall be remaining in the hands of such person or persons, although the fame had been by any former act, or by any order of the said trustees otherwise directed or appropriated, in case such sum or sums shall not; before the passing of this act, have been actually and lonafuk applied in puriuanee of any former act or order concerning the same, and that the sum or sums so to be filed for and recovered shall be awarded to the said commissioners, with interest: thereon, from one month after such previous demand, at the rate of six pounds by the hundred by the year, together with the full costs and charges attending such proceedings, as shall or miy be had or taken in law or equity for recovery thereof.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Tint ,:iJ commissioners shall meet and assemble between the hours of twelve

tm'vti.ij? nr

anil two of the clock in the afternoon on the last Tuesday in the aamniiioa. month of August next, after the passing of this act, at the county CIJ’ court-house at Ennis, or in case of failure thereof, on the Tuesday next fuccegding, or any future Tuesday; and that icvcii coiniiii{-.r^m®«' sioners shall be iiccefliiry to constitute a meeting of the said com- lute a o»:t-miOioners, and that the act of the majority Ih ill be the act of, i and binding upon the said commissioners; and that it shall and '!*£ *’1 Lime-may be lawful, to and for the said commissioners, to adjourn UiJ la.uii meetings from time to time, but that the places of meeting mutt always be either in the city of Limerick or town 01 Kunr, and iu no other place whatever.

Vf. And be it further enacted by the authority dbn/h.’J, that whenever any of said commissioners herein appointed by name, c-r ,.j jltIi their successors, shall happen to die or rengn, it ft:ail he lawful ! for the remaining commissioners, or any fevui or norc of them,

11 N c

Oil

Allans cf commissioners shall be at boards held as directed by this act.

Appoint-rtient of a treasurer.

972 5'he Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

on the first Tuesday in any month, to cleft a person to he a com-

1800. missioner in his Head, and so from time to time during the corn

tinuance of this act, as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any of said commissioners.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all afo to be clone by the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, or the majority of any seven or more of them, under tits authority of this act, shall be done and transacted only at meetings or boards, to he held as aforesaid on the first Tuesday in every month, or at an adjournment of any of said meetings, in manner as herein before directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall at their first meeting after the passing of this Aact, or at any subsequent meeting, appoint an officer, who shall act as treasurer and register, at a yearly fulary not exceeding forty pounds fielding, who shall on being lb elected, enter into security before the said commissioners for the faithful execution of his duty, agreeable to the directions of this act, in the sum of five hundred pounds, with two sureties in the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds each, which security snail he lodged with, the treasurer of the county of Clare, and such treasurer so elected, shall give notice of, and attend at all meetings of the said commissioners, and take down at’, entry of their proceedings in a journal, to be kept by him for that purpose; provided nevertheless, that the treasurer so elected, shall, from time to time, pay into the bank of Maunfell and company, all and every sum and . films of money exceeding the sum of fifty pounds sterling, which shall.come into his hands in virtue of his said appointment, on failure of which lie is to forfeit his year’s salary; and provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any seven or more of said commissioners, at any future meeting to be held by them under this act, to remove said treasurer, and appoint a. new one, after notice of a meeting for that specill purpose shall be given in one of the Limerick and 011c of the Ennis newspapers, fourteen days at lead previous to fitch meeting.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them shall, at their iirlt meeting after the passing of this act, or at any subsequent meeting to be had by them, appoint two or more persons to be and aft as supervisors of the said road, to be divided into two divisions, is

Duty of treasurer,

Removal of treasurer.

Appointment of fu-vervifors.

manner as herein after mentioned, at such fabrics as the said coin-missioners shall think fit, not exceeding in and for any division the

The Foriiclij Year of George III.

yearly funi of twenty shillings pir mile fer lupvi intending

the

97

A.D. 1800.

repairs of said road, and that each of fudi supervisors (lull!, pre- rh’oo. lions to his actW ,-.5 fuel:, take and subscribe an oath in the words,’

following,

which oath any of the said cominiuionerj is hereby

empowered to administer.

/ A. 15. do swear ib.it I will diligently and bonrftly execute the Supernfoi'i Pee oj fit-erv'jor of such part of the road from Tidier to Ennis, LV't!l' end from the,-ice to Limerick, as shall be committed to my car:, and tb.it I will according to the lef of my (kill ami knowledge exciute all hispid orders given to me by the commiflutters of the said road, ami that ! velll, when called apod by the said covmiijjioners, or any of them, account for all money which fall be coijided in, or be recede cd by me in virtue of and for the farffc of carrying this act into execution.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each lunervilor so tc lie defied in virtue of this act thall attend, aed fee that ail orders and works directed and ordered by cite laid commissioners, be property executed and performed, and shall make returns and reports when rci;tiir:d, from time to time to the said commissioners superintending his particular district, of the flute, nature,'and circumtl.uices of that part of laid road, and shall remove all nuisances, encroachments, and obstructions thereon, and whenever any part of tile laid road shall be repaired, each supervisor shall give in a report in writing, signed by him, io the next meeting of the said cotnmiUioners, after such' road shall have been repaired, of the manner in which said work has been ecrcuted, which reports the treasurer is here-

Treasurer

by directed to keep, in order if such report shall not appear to keep fu. io be'accurately made, the Hilary of fncli supervisor-may be.^mZ* ilopped.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That-every such supervisor ibal!, whin and so often as lie

/hall be thereunto required, return to the said commission- R<:urra to

r . he imdr ly

ers an account of the r.uitances, rncroamuients, or oliinces a gain ft this add he ha? found nr outers ed respecting the said road, and the steps he has taken to remove or remedy the fame, and the penalties lie has levied, am! the several days and times he has visited and ini'peoled the Ibid.road.

XII. And be it further en ic.lcu by the author.ty aforesaid, That every supervisor shall Lave power to repair any Tudden breaches or holes Which he may observ.- on any part

Vo 1.. XX. mO of

c*>

97-i

A. 0.

*' Comniif-loners may pared out road, iu lots i*r dillri^loj herci.’i.

Supervtfors may bt suspended for nej^cQ^&c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. of said road, first receiving an order for the purpsfe from and under the hand of any two commi ffi -.tiers hiving the superintendance of that pait of ft id road within his district as aforesaid, the expence whereof thail not exceed the fear of two pounds ten shilling?; the account whereof shall be laii before the commissioners at their r.cxr meeting, and v,;px his making oath of fitch expenditure, and specifying tire particulars thereof,- they, , or any (even or mire of them m:n' order thef said expences to be paid him-by the treasurer of said road.

'Xltl. ’ And- bs it further enacted by the authority afrre-.fiid, That for the snore speedy linking and repairing ill an 1 every part of said road, it shall be lawful for the said co:n-missioners, or any seven of them, at’ their said first meeting, or at any future meeting to be held by them, to-pared out the said road from Tubber to Ennis, and from thence to Limerick by Newmarket- and Bunratty,’ in lots or dif;rich of not left than one mile,- or more: than ten miles in each lot, :and to nominate, choose, and - appoint, from amongst the whole number of commissioners herein before named, two or more commissioners, who (h tl! be willing and nffiroiis, m to whom it may'.fecm convenient to superintend and manage a given district of, cr.-proportion of said road fu parcelled out in lots as aforesaid, and to whom’ the said supervisors shall resort from time to time for instructions, in respect to the making and repairing' the fame, subject however to the controul or order of the commHtiouers at large, or any three or more of them,- at any board duly, assembled,’ to whom the commissioners so appointed'for specially superintending the repairs of each lot or district shall report from time to time, when required; the (late and condition thereof, and of the COndud of tho supervisor. employed in superintending fame.; and in case of neglect of duty, or disobedience of orders by any supervisor,: it shall be lawful ’ for any two or more commissioners so appointed to the care of his drftrid to suspend such supervisor, and appoint another in his (lead, until the matter of complaint shall be investigatCd at the next meeting of tire said commissioners, under this act as aforesaid; provided nevertheless,’ that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners at large, or any three of them, atfuoh

meeting,

llox Chap. i)8.

;»il.

The Fortieth Year of George III. -975

meeting, or any adjournment thereof, to hear and determine a. D.

on the conduct of such Tupervisor, and to afi as to them shall '

feetn meet.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority nforcf.iid.

That from and rfter the said first day of August next, it shall and may be lawful far the said coniniliiioners, cr any r seven or more of them, to cllabiiih or creit, cr cause to be i 0ll C! edibiithed or erected, one or mere pay gate or pay gates, l)- 'i=; J upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and to build, hite, or rent a toil ltoufe convenient to every such gate, to demand and take in each of the said divisions by such person or persons, or their deputies, collectors, or gate keepers, as they or any of them shall authorise so to do, in lieu of the tolls heretofore collected at the several gates en said road in virtue of the said former aSs, the following tolls at every such gate, before any bead or carriage (ha! be. permitted to go through the fame, that is to say, for Toll every coach, landau, chariot, chaifc, phaeton, cabriolet, Pnil1 ;i: c‘"-v curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horses or other beads, or 1 by more than-fix, the sum of two shillings and eight-pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five' horses, or other beads, the sum of two shillings ami two-pence; if drawn by two or three horsesyor other beads, the sum of one shilling and one penny; and if drawn by one horse, or other bead only, the sum offix-pence halfpenny; for every waggon, v.-ain, dray,- cart, ear, or other carriage, no: herein before (barged, if the fireaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on with counterfunk 'flat 'headed nails, bolts, or (crews, and shall be- four inches or more in breadth, the sum of one 'penny' for every horse or bead dir.wing the fame; and if the flreaks orlhocing of the wheels thereof lb,all be set on in like manner, and shall be less than four inches, but not less than three inches in breadth, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every horse or other bend drawing the fame > and if the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on-in like manner, and shall he less than three incites in bteadth,'the sum of two-pence for every horse or other bead drawing the fame; and if the dreaks or dioeing of the wheels of any such carriage shall be set on with high or sprig-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, or with any ii O ?, nails,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

nails, bolls, or screws not being counterfunk and flsthcaded, the sum of two-pence for every horse or beall drawing tl;c fame-, for every horse, mare or gelding, afs or mule, laden or unladen, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of two shillings and sixpence by the (core, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, fLcep, lamps or pigs, the finn of one shilling by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; provided always, that for every ear, whose wheels, - however narrow they may be, shall be formed and put on, so as to turn round the jix'letree, and whose axletree shall be fixed so a: not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of one penny only, and no more shall be demanded or taken at any such gale for each horse or other beast drawing the fame, if the fircaks or (hoeing of such wheels be fist on witlt counterfunk fiatheaded nails, bolts or ferews.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

] Commis-

fliu-r fimatlin for any seven commissioners of the said road to alter the

of

unci add other?.

—tfut to inter* e* pt the com-

two

presentment

ioad?.

P37 fptc v’itiun liber-of city of i..imcr»ck.

situation of any of the said pay-galcs within fuel) difiricls of the said road, and add such other pav-gates upon and across any part of the present line of said road, or of nnv new line of said road, or upon and across any part of the fame, -or on the said of the present, or of any new line of said road across any lane or way leading out of either of the said lines of road- within such distrief, and to build, hire, or rent a loll-house for every such gate, and there to demand and receive, by such pet fan-or person as they shall authorize thereto, such tolls as are appointed by this act to he taken at any gate within fuel) district of the said road, and that mry such gate shall be deemed a pay-gate; provided always, That no gate shall be crefled across any lane leading into ' the said road, or across the said road, so as to intetc- pt the communication-between 3ny two roads repaired by present aim', whera the said roads so repaired by preferment shall W into the said turnpike road, opposite to or within hr!;' perches of each other; provided always, that no lech pay-gate, shall be erected within the: liberties of the city of Limerick.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 977

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no passenger A.D. or passengers, with the fame cattle and carriage, shall be Q, S°°'g liable to pay any of the said tolls more than once in the fame day within the same division: but that every passenger

IO 0.,cc a (,;tv.

or passengers having paid such toll once, in any one divi-lion, may, during the remainder of the fame day, every such day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, until twelve o’clock the succeeding night, pals and rc-pass, toll free, through every pay-gate in the fame division, with the fame cattle and carriage for which such toll has been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of such Tfckeoie hr toll, and containing such other matters as are herein required im><lu"'i' respecting the fame, which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omission or refusal, upon conviflibn before any justice of the peace of the county in which the offence shall be committed, or before any of the said commissioners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and administer oaths for that purpose; pro- camigawiii, vided always nevertheless, that any other passenger or paiTen-gers travelling with the fame cattle or carriage which hath p«y »6""-been so charged as aforesaid, shall be liable to, and accordingly be charged with the like toll as herein before mentioned with the fame cattle or carriage, notwithstanding toll had been paid for the same cattle or carriage by other passenger or passengers within the same division in the fame day, it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that each and every person and persons travelling in carriages shall contribute to and be liable to defray the expence of repairing and keeping in repair the said turnpike road 5 provided also, Clrriagnrt that such cattle or carriages, so before charged with the turning fame payment of toll in the fame division in any one day, shall p'Xn-not, on returning with the fame passenger or passengers, or without any passenger or passengers, be liable to the payment pay-of any further or other toll than as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Tolj . said, That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable jf(llcv|icd by by him or her, in virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for the collector thereof, or person afling as such, to levy the same by distress of the horse or horses, or other bcaft or

Vol. XX. 11 P beasts,

medics for - r

removing nui- 3i0reiai(1T

fauces^&c. m rcmcdies for

by recited act

gyg The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

beads, carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this iboo. imposed, or upon the goods or chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, and such horse or horses, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods'and chattels, may be didrained until such toll thrill be paid, with the reasonable charges of such didrefs; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall he lawful for the collector or person aiding as such to sell the same by public auction, at any time after the expiration of the said four days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners, on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expence of such didrefs and falc.

Sarocre-

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority That the said commissioners shall have all such. removing nuisances and encroachments on said 39G.s- line of road from Tubber to the city, of Limerick, and all ‘ such powers and authorities for impeding and levying fines and penalties, to all intents and purposes, as are given and provided by an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for improving and repairing the road leading from Newcastle in the county of Limerick, to the city if Limerick, and from thence to Gharleville in the county of Cork, and for repealing the fever at laws heretofore made relating to said road, 36 fully and effectually as if the several clauses herein contained had been made part of this act-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That aij and every part of the present line of the said road from Tubber to the city of Limerick, and of any new line of road to be made -pursuant to the powers and in virtue of this^aft, shall he within and subject to the powers and provisions of this act, and that the said commissioners, and each and every over-seer who shall be appointed by the said commissioners, shall, in respect to the said road, have the like power and authorities as any of the overseers appointed under any of the laws now in force, or which may be hereafter made for the mending, repairing, or making the public roads now have, or are, or shall be entitled to.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners respectively, or any seven or more of them, from time to time.

Power of conuiiifitoners ami overseers over ihc present and new line of road.

Appointment of collectors.

tc

7 he Fortieth I'ear c/ George III._gyij

to appoint as many persons ns Hull be necessary for receiving A.D. the tolls of the pay-gates, which shall be eroded on the fair! road, at such wages, not exceeding the rate of twenty gtii-neas per annum for each and every collector, and from time to time to remove any collector or collectors at will and p'.-..i-sure of such commissioners, and to appoint other collector or collectors in the field of ft-ch collector or collectors fli removed, and every such collector or collectors shall pay the money by him coilederi or received to the treasurer of said refmoarWy, road once at least in every month, and as much oftener as tiputi oath, he shall be thereunto required by the said treasurer, or by "j’'"latmr' any of the said commissioners; and shall also upon oath, if thereunto required by any one or more of the said commi f-sioners, which oath any of the said commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, give in from time to time a true, exact, and perfect account in writing of all monies by him collected or received by virtue of this act, or :by reason of his said employment; and if any such collector shall refuse nr omit so to dp, and shall thereof be convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness before any justied of the peace or commissioner acting under this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or commissioner to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he shall give in fticli account upon oath, and pay oft" all such monies as he shall have received by virtue of this act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Pof'rt>f

’ t rfmwJiio/jeri

authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners or any five to (safe uii«. of them, may, if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered, oh fourteen days notice being given in any one Limerick paper,' and one Ennis paper for that purpose, to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year, the tolls, or any part thereof, by this act payable at the pay-gates ort the said road, to any perfoti or persons at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got by public cant- for the fame; provided also, That no lease thereof "shall be made before the fiift day of May one thousand eight hundred and one; provided always, That Agreementm the agreement be put into-writing, and iighed by the party juy-taking the fame! and that the money be made payable monthly, and that sufficient security be given for the regular j t P a payment

gb - 'Yhe Fvrittlh :Tear s/' George 1H.

A.D. 1800.

payment 'thereof, -to 'be previously approved of by any jSoo. seven or- more of tie commissioners, and that one month bo X^J,’^ZJ paid'in-advance,'and that every such agreement be approved

of and signed’ by1 seven at least of the said commissioners; and provided that -no such lease shall be granted or

-contrail ed 'for until' until after the "first day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

Potfmof

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person appointed to receive the tolls at persons tak- .-any pay-gate, on any of the divisions of the said road, by tie fab. pany. person or persons' taking the fame by deed, in writing, fha'll-have all and singular the like powers and authorities r-for enforcing the payment thereof, and be subject to and -under all and Singular the like regulations and restrictions, as any-collector appointed by the said commissioners of the said road can, or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, "and accounting for the same.

Suits fur

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-]Tp'ttoceC fa'd, That if any suit shall be commenced against any person ofibne& . or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or for any penalty inliituted by this act, the venue shall be

laid in the county of Clare, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter -in evidence, on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of nhis aft; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such "action or actions shall be brought in any other county, or if after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action, or in

case of a demurrer, if judgment shall be given against the plaintiff, in either- or any of such cases the defendant or defendants shall have and recover treble -colts, and the like remedy for the fame against the plaintiff as any other defendant or defendants hath or have by daw -in in any other case.

XXIV. And whereas from the great length-of said road leading from Tubber to Ennis, and from thence to Lmtrid -by Nevi-Market, and Bunratty, being thirty Irish miles, or "thereabouts, it is expedient that the said road shall be divided

The Fortieth Year of George III. 981'

vided into'two parts; be it enacted, That the said road A.D. shall accordingly be, and the fame is hereby divided into *‘'00‘ two parts or distrirSts as -follows; that is to say, that so much ’of the said road as lies between Tubber, aforesaid, and tt«>ddi*id-

td into tw«

the' town of Ennis% mall hereafter be known by the name distria^M of the Lubber, or first division of said road, and *so much

thereof as lies between the said town of Ennis and reaches ' to the City of Limerick, shall be known by the name of the

Bunrally,'or second division of said road.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- T0iiipS)-.

' said, 'That no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any of the tolls now payable on said road more than once in the Ci.-Kon. fame day, -within any of the said divisions of the said road,

but every person having paid the toll or duty now imposed at any one of the gates between Tubber and the town of

Ennis, on producing a ticket thereof, shall be allowed to pass free' through all the said gateson the said part or division of the said road, at anytime during theday on which he has once paid the said toll,-as aforesaid, and’ so in like manner, having once paid the toll at any of the gates of any other division, shall be allowed to -pass free through the other gates in the said division of the'-said road, at any time -during the day on which he has so once paid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- iw, o(

said, That it ’shall be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or more of"them- assembled at a regular meeting, ru*k to ascertain, defe-ribe, and set apart such part and proportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the said road, or any part 'thereof, or'which otherwise be most convenient for widening 'the said road, or any part thereof, to a breadth "not exceeding'1 forty-one feet from fence to fence, arid'for carrying or'a'lte-ring the course of or continuing the fame, or any part thereof 'straight, or in more convenient lines,"not being houses, gardens, parks, paddocks, avenues, plantations, -or-planted walks, as the said trufiecs, or any seven or-more of them shall judge neccfi.iry; and the said trustees, or any seven or -more of them, are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the owners and others ituerested in grounds to be-made ulc of in widening the course, or altering or carrying the said road, or any part thereof firaight, or in more convc*ier.t lines as aforesaid, for such Von. X'X. 'i 1 Q, recompence

5) 8 2 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

recompence and satisfaction to be made to such owners and

oljjers for tj,c fa'me out of the tolls and duties to arise by Chap. Oo.

-virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any seven or more

them shall think fit and reasonable; and in case any per-whcnpersons son or persons shall neglect or refuse to treat or agree as

grounds re-

aforesaid, or through any disability by non-age, coverture, wiUi'uuilm 0T ^Pcc'a^ limitation in any settlement or settlements, or by reason of any other impediment cannot, or shall otherwise however refuse to dispose of their respective-interests in such lands, as the said tr-uftees, or any seven- or more of them shall think necessary, for the purposes aforesaid, in every . or any such case the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to -issue forth their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the . county where such ground doth lie, to impannel or return before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at such time and place, within the said county, as shall be appointed in such warrant or warrants, a sufficient jury upon their oath, (which oath the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) and shall enquire into the true and-real value of fuel) ground so to be made use of for the purpose aforesaid; and -such verdicts and inquisitions as shall be found and returned by the said jury, ascertaining the value of such ground, , - shall be final and conclusive, as well to the said trustees as

-Vcruicisof

juries empan- to the several and respective owners and proprietors of qulreVitova- such ground, notwithstanding any disability or incapacity

iucof such whatsoever; and the said trustees, or any seven or more ground, shall ’

be final. of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to remove

any encroachment which shall have been made within the

last five years previous to the passing of this Act, and to

Encroach- i(]"ue their-warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of ments within

lait 5 years the county wherein such encroachment has been made, to !J«ahrt remove or level the fame, which warrant or warrants the said sheriff or sheriffs are hereby commanded to obey, under a penalty of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every such neglect or refusal; Provided always, that such encroachment shall appear to have come -within twenty feet of the center of said road.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

983

XXVII. And for as much as the money to be collected by A.D. such receipt of toll will not at present be sufficient for imme- I®oc-diately widening and repairing the said road, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any seven or more com- r__________:r_

missioners shall and may from time to time, as occasion shall Gnrrs"t,

borrow 5OOOO1.

require, borrow such sums, not exceeding in the whole the un'biilsas sum of five thousand pounds, as they judge necessary to- [X '" wards repairing and widening said road, and forming newlines, instead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges incurred by this act, and for all such sums so borrowed, bills, entitling the bearer to the sums therein specified, shall be issued and signed by the treasurer, and signed and sealed by seven of said commissioners, and such bills shall bear such interest, from the respective dates thereof, as agreed upon between the said commissioners and the lenders of such sums of money, not exceeding the legal interest thereof, and for i,tcrc(l to be sums hereafter to be borrowed as aforesaid, there shall be I'1ttca'

lurer.

paid by the treasurer, by order of seven of said commissioners, on every first day of May, and first day of November, after the respective dates of said bills to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of said road, such interest as shall be so agreed on in full to said days, without fee or dc-dutlion, until the principal sum in said bill or bills shall be paid at one payment, and all such bills shall be numbered Bills 10be-in arithmetical progression, beginning with number one, until the whole arc numbered; provided that no such bill shall be ly-issued for less than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds. (

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any part of said interest be unpaid seven days or more after any of said

days limited for payment thereof as aforesaid, the lord high wiicnin.

chancellor may, on a petition preferred to him in respect |imi

thereof, which petition shall be verified by affidavit, appoint

a receiver to receive so much of the lolls of said road as a ici-cim, »r , ri' . oulcr toll* to

may be necessary to pay such interest and receiver’s fees, and berequdkrnl

reasonable costs attending said application, or may make pc‘

such order for fcqucftering the tolls of said road for payment

thereof, as to justice shall appertain; and further, that the

tolls of said road shall be applied in discharge of the interest Application

on such debentures, and that said commissioners, or any fc- lull'-

ven of them, may expend from time to time the sums rc-

11 Q, 2 coived

Expenditure ‘ to be account* cd for.on

oath.

Recounts Ac. tolnijlc-posited with ireasurci, pc* nalty for not accounting in' one month . after being Kquiicd. -

Accounts to be lodged 'by treafiwer . of road with trtafuicr of . county Clate, on or before the Im (May of each Mum.

Commis-

storiCM may farm tolls, on - conditions herein mr rational.

TTbe"Fortieth Year of George III.

ceived by'trfiafurers in payment of said treasurer's falsry, m e resting and repairing gates-.and toll-houses, fixing tables of tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each of find toll-houses, erecting- mile'stones and direction posts, paying toll collectors and supervisors, -expences of surveys and valuations for widening said road, and for widening and.fencing it-where widened, "and in forming new lines of road, and paying all edits attending fame, and in-draining,’forming, and gravelling, dressing,- cleansing, and repairing said road, and rendering it: more convenient for travellers, - according to their discretion, and in laying materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the winter; and further,4 :that the expenditure of all such money shall be accountable foron oath before- said commissiorrers, which- oath any commissioner is empowered to administer, and that -such account, specifying the particular manner:' in which every part of inch money has been expended,- shall bd laid:- before1' said commissioners, with a copy of all orders of expenditure, and be deposited with the-treasurer-once at lead every three months, and as much oftener as the said- commissioners, or any "seven of them require; and further,-that’if1 any to whom expendi. ture of any of:' said < money shall be entrusted by said commissioners, shall not account for so much-as lie expended thereof, in-.mann-er afcrefiid, in-one month aftsrhe shall be so required by any of'said commissioners or trustees, he shall forfeit double-the sum so required to account -for, and on non-payment thereof shall be committed'by warrant under hand and sea) of the jnflice' before whom convicted, on oath of any. credible witness, to1 the\common gaol, -or' hoefc of eorreflion, until said forfeiture be-paid.

XXIX. And bcit enacted'-by the authority aforeutid, 'That the treaforer- of Xaid road shall, -on or before the first thy of every Xeflion ofi-pa'rliament, lodge with the treasurer of the county of- Glare, an account in writing upon oath, of the state of the said-roads, and also-a,particular account of the receipt and-, payments respecting the same.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said commissioners,-or any three of them, may, if they thin birr; and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days’ notice-being given in any-two Ennis or Limeric-k newspapcts for that purpose, to lease. or farm by the year, for any time

The Fortieth Year of George III. 9^5

not exceeding five years, nor less than one year, the tolls by this act payable to any person or persons, at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got for the fame; provided always, that they be set by public cant, and that the agreement be put into, writing, and signed by the party taking the fame, and that the money be madepayable monthly, and that proper security be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance, and that every such agreement be approved of, and signed by three at leaf! of the said commissioners present at such cant.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That- every person appointed to receive the toll at any pay gate on the said road, by any person or persons taking the fame by lease, shall have all and singular the like powers and authorities, and be subject to all and singular the like regulations, penalties and restrictions as any. collector appointed by the said commissioners can, or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting to the fame, or to the commissioners.

XXXII. 'And be it further enacted, That every commissioner or justice of the peace shall have power within his

Powers of persons appointed by li(T cs to revive tolSi.

Every commissionerand j iilice o)

jurisdiction to administer all oaths which are hereby required admi'aiicr

or directed, or which maybe necessary for the purposes of jj.1

this act t and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath

or affirmation prescribed or directed to be taken by, or in

porfuanre of this act, or for the purpose of carrying this

aft into execution, and shall therein wilfully affirm or swear Pcifjoi «!,>

falsely, every such person shall, Upon con vision thereof,

suffer the pains and penalties enacted asainst persons guilty B«ll fnffer . .,f I , far pcijuiy.

ot wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXIII. And whereas a patent for a ferry over the oil Recom-mills river w.« granted to bleary D’Eflcrre, of Rofmanahcr, in the county of Clare, esquire, and his heirs for ever, and the said Henry D’Eftcrrc, esquire, did in the year one thou- luMicmijr

i r - , r fufhm by ah

Jana seven hundred and eighty-four, at connderable expence iCrin^ «ii<r

creel a bridge in the place of said ferry, by virtue of an act ">'|J

of parliament, encouraging and empowering patentees of

ferries to erect bridges in the place of their ferries, and to

take certain tolls for passing and re-passing the fame. And whereas carrying this act into execution will deprive said

patentee of the benefit arising out of said tolls, in as much

986 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

as the intended new road is proposed to be run nearly parallel to the road leading to said bridge, and at a ihort distance from the same j be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners, or any seven or more of them appointed for the purposes of this act be empowered, and they are hereby authorized and required, at any time previous to making said intended new road, to examine vritnesses touching the value and interest of the said patentee in the tolls of the said bridge, and to grant him such annual sum or sums of money, by way of recompence, as they shall judge reasonable for the loss and damage said patentee shall appear to them to be likely to sustain therein, such sum or sums of money to be levied in such manner as other monies to be raised by virtue of this act. in We

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall deemed a^ ^e> an^ continue in force for the term of thirty-one years public act. from the last day of this present session of parliament, and . that the same shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and judicially noticed as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XCIX. '

An Act for paving, cleattfing, lighting, and improving tht Streets, Ipuays, Lanes, and PaJJ'ages in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, for establishirg a nightly Watch in said Town, for Japplying the said Town with Pipe Water,

and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof.

Friday the Jiff day of August, one thouj/vtd tight hundred, lloyal Ajfenl given.

JOHN CM'ER, 0. CtER. PAIU.

[Preamble.]

"’ST JT WHEREAS it would conduce much to the improve-W ment of the town of Sligo, in the county of Sligo, if regulations were adopted for paving, cleaning, and lighting the streets, quays, lanes, and paffiges thereof, am) removing all encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein j and if a well regulated nightly watch were established

m

The Fortieth Year of George III. 987

in the said town, and a proper supply of pipe water obtained A.D. for the use of the inhabitants, and the commerce of the faivl lj°°-town would be much advanced by the improvement and f better regulation of the port and harbour thereof, be it there-fore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and amt named, with the advice and consent of the lords spiritu.il and tem- cdfor, Unit porai, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the nrovoft and bureefles (W improving

- v the tuivn and

of the corporation of Sligo, for the time being, the repre- bwboiuof fentatives in parliament for the county, and for the town y‘E"' of Sligo, for the time being, viscount Palmerdown, lord Dundas, lord Kirkwall, fir Booth Gore, baronet, right honorable joshua Cooper, William Burton, Alexander Hume,

Abraham Martin, Thomas Holmes, John Ellis, William Todd, and John Blake, esquires, together with such perfoa and persons as shall, from time to time, for ever hereafter, he elected and appointed a member or members, in manner herein after mentioned, in the room or place of any member dying or resigning, be from henceforth, and they are hereby confiituted and appointed one body politic and corporate, for carrying into execution the purposes of this act, and as such shall have perpetual succession, and be capable of suing and being sued, and shall be called and known by the name of the corporation for improving the town and harbour of Sligo, and shall have a common seal.

II. And be it enacted, That the members of the Card Corpora.

corporation hereby appointed, or some seven or more of 'flr'bfT

them, do and shall meet at the court-house in the said town 3 Nor. 1800, ’ and appoint a

of Sligo, on or before the third day of November next, and biliaft otE«, do and shall, at such meeting, appoint and constitute one office in some proper and convenient place in the said tovyn, which from thenceforth shall be called and known by the name of the ballad office of the port of Sligo, and that each and every of the members of the said corporation shall, before they or any of them proceed to execute the purposes of this act, take and subscribe the following oath or affirmation

7. A.B. do solemnly promise and jhear, or affirm, that I to/// Oath t«i« faithfully and impartially, according to the bess of my Jit'll and I^ember. °" knowledge, execute ike everal powers and trusts committed to me 11 Id 2 in

988 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1n and by an act now in force in this kingdom, entitled, An ail i Soo. j-or p,ving^ chanfing, lighting, and improving the f reels, quays, lanes, and passages in the town of Sligo, in the county of Sign, for establishing a nightly watch in [aid town, for supplying the said town with pipe water, and for improving and regulating the port and harbour thereof, without favour or affcBion, prejudice or malice, and according to the best of my f ill and knowledge.

So help me God.

'Which oath or affirmation any seven or more of the said members are hereby empowered to administer to each other, and the fame is to be entered in a book to be kept particularly for that -purpose.

7 irembeis to constitutea meeting.

Corpoia-lion may mtxt when they plc.tf'-, after they are in-coiporatcil.

How meetings shall he miiveited for cleftion of office 3, for nuki.ig rules, oideis, byelaws, See. 33

lurctti dc* scribed.

III. And be it-farther enacted, That no act of the members of ftiid corporation shall he deemed an act of - the said corporation, unless there be at lead: seven members of the said corporation tiitly assembled present at such act, and that their aft shall be and be con-ftdered as the act of the corporation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tint from and after such time as the said corporation shall be incorporated as aforesaid, the said corporation shall and may, at such times and as often as they shall think lit, meet and aflemhle tfiemlclvcs at the place to be appointed within the said town for that purpose, and shall and may, at fitch meetings, give and (ign orders for the necessary current and uiual expenditures for the carrying on the usual and general business of the said corporation.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall lie lawful for the said corporation, from time to time, when and as often as they shall think necessary or find it expedient, by luminous to be left at the iifu d place of abode of such of the members of the said corporation as are residents within the said town, to convene a mcc'ing nr meltings of the said corporation, to be held at the said court-honfe, or such other place of meeting as the said corporation lb ill appoint, witlt at lead fourteen days notice for election to any office, v.’hicii

summons shall express the purpose for which such iineting ih.tll h: intended, and that it shall he lawful for the said core-oration, at such respective meeting or meetings to he convened as aibreiald, to elect and appoint proper o.Tteers for the purpose of ciirylo ' thii aft into execution; that is to say, a trc.iliircr, collector of ;hc rales after mentioned, and haven mailer, in case they shall judge it expedient so to do,.who are to receive cud be paid the Hilaries and

allowances

Tie Fortieth Year of George III. 0^9

allowances to be appointed by fail! corporation, during all web time as they shall continue to discharge the ituties of their respective offices to ibesatisfaction of the said corner, lion, out of the produce of the payments and duties herein after directca to be paid;

A.D. 1800.

i Sco.

Chan. 99,

and also, from time to time, to make art J ordain lech rules, orders, hyc-laws, and regulations for cicarsling and improving the said harbour and quays of Sligo, and for regulating the conduct of the uniters and owners of shipping resorting to the said harbour and quays, in throwing oitt and taking in their hallafr, and ia (rationing and mooring their ships and vessels, and for rig-dating the cor.dust of the owners and managers of lighters, gabbards, atsd other vessels to be employed in furnishing baii.il; to and taking ballad from such shipping, and for I'ecuring of :bip.; and wlfitls trading to the said harbour, and for regulating and eondufting tbs bu-(iness of the aforesaid office, and for the well governing cf lire said office, and the several officers and clerks to be employed therein, and in and about the b'lf!riels thereof, and for regulating the con-just of and well governing the several officers to he employed as herein before mentioned, al! which lines, bye-iaws, and regulations, shall be as binding and condtifice, to all intents and purposes, as if the lame were enacted t,y this act, provided Inch rules, aiders,' bye-laws, and regulations, shall not be contrary to any of the laws or statutes of this reaim.

VI. And be it enacted, That for continuing the succession of i:, we|w. the said corporation, from, time to time, and as often as any of the said persons herein named,' or hereafter to be elected members of ,vc.n.ii<-, the said corporation, shall happen to die or resign, or refusa or dc-dine to act, any (even or more of the remaining members of the said corporation, at Inch meeting to be convened by public adver-lifenxnt, with at Irall fomircn days notice, as ftven or more -of the said memo-rs shall appoint, and also by such summons asTiforesaid, (bail, from lime to lime as aforesaid, cleft, nominate, and appoint a fit and able person or persons'to be member or members of the said corporation, in the room or Head of such person or persons so happening to die or resign, or refusing or declining to act: and for-defraying the expence of paving, rfcanfiny, and lighting the streets, quays, lanes, and passages in the said town, and establishing and maintaining a nightly v/aich therein, and for -enabling the said corporation 10 provide a proper supply of pipe water for the use of the inhabitants, be it enacted, That

Tot. XX. i r S

the

-.gijo '‘The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the said corporation do yearly, and every year, between ih; Cl C< ( °‘ May and first: day of Augu'ft in each year, direct and appoint the sum to be raised and levied within the vc.ir, appioiments commencing on the first day of November following, or the (tall Ik node inhabitants ‘of the said town and precincts, for the purpofs icvitd oitin- of defraying the expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, and i!mpiA»ofU watching the said town and precincts, and supplying the ir-habitants thereof with pipe, water, and do also nominate and appoint twelve inhabitants of the said town to be ap-

plotters, and that the said appiotters, or any five or more of them, shall and may, ana they are hereby required to valt:.; and cflimate the yearly value of the several land;, dtvfi-Hng-houses, mills, out-houses, offices, cellars, stables, a:.;i yards within said town and the precincts thereof, together with such new houses, out-hoafes, and premises, as shall be from time to time hereafter built, crested, or establitkcd within said town, and to npplot the money to be raised and paid for each of the several purposes aforesaid, by a proportionable poundage according to the value at which such houses and other premises shall be valued, specifying in such appiolment the names of the different persons inhabiting or

possessing the fame, who are to be liable to pay the same, and specifying particularly and difiinflly the rates or sums applotted or assessed on each, for lighting, and for pipe water,

' and for paring and cleansing, and for watch, an-i that each of rite said appiotters shall, previous to his adline as an ap-.plotter, take and fnbfcrihe an oath (or solemn affirmation if of the people called quakers) before the proved of the said -e.,iii :> lm town, -that lie will, according to the befl of his flcill, abili-?^mwl.raC" tics,-and knowledge, faithfully and impartially, without favour or affc&ion, malice or ili will to any person or persons tvliat--soever, applot the said fa ms so to be applotted as aforesaid; and if any of the appiotters so to be appointed pursuant to this aid, shall neglect, omit, or refuse to take the oaths or af- firmation hereby required to be taken by each of the said appiotters, or shall happen to die before the said applotterj, or any live or more of them shall have made the aforesaid applotments, such neglect, refusal, or omission, or death, shall not invalidate the applotments made, or to be made by the others of the said appiotters, or any five or more of them,

o. but

The Fortieth Year of George III. 99*

but the same shall be good and valid, and the find npplot- A. meats, inten days after the fame flu!I be so made, shall be '"

returned to the aforesaid corporation, or the proper officer by .,--,--0

them appointed to receive the same in writi ug, signed by the i.: iv* «* " I

applotters thereof, or any five or more of them, am .! every l,y5

person who shall be appointed an applotter pnrfiiant to litis jKtii;ti-V «‘i

ad, and shall neglect, otcil, or icfufe to ta ke upon h u'.-n the V.ui

said office, or undertaking the fame th.iii m v,icil or omit the C.-At

execution thereof, or of any part thereof. or shall i neglect,

emit, or refuse to return the applotmenls to be made by him

or them as aforesaid, in such manner and ui thin such time as

i; herein before directed, or shall without rcnlonahh r c.iufe

neglect or omit for the space of lbrty-vigbt hours acts ;r being

fervid with a summons in writing, signe d by the provost

tf the said town, to appear before the fai. 1 provost, and to take the oath or affirmation hereby required, or shall neglect or omit for twenty days after the majority of the applotters appointed pursuant to this act, shall have taken the oath or affirmation, to make the aforesaid applotments pursuant to this act, in every such case each and every one of the said applotters so offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, the same to be recovered by distress of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of tile provost of the said town of Sligo, to be issued for that purpose to the amflalile of said town, or other proper officer or officers, and ui be applied in manner herein after directed; and if it shall uappen that no such applotment as herein directed shall be made by the said applotters, or any five or more of, them, within one calendar month after the said applotters shall have icon appointed pursuant to this act, then and in such case -.aeh and every of the said applotters shall from the end of such ninth forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every day until the said applotment shall be made and returned to the said orporation, or proper officer by them appointed to receive ino fame, to be levied by distress and fide of the goods of ivory such applotter, by and under such warrant as aforesaid, ami to lie applied in manner herein after directed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall . (°rPcr-1-

1 ticw empovv-

and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from mJioonkr time to time to order and direct how and in what manner, and with what materials all or any of the flrccts, lanes, "'in*'-i i S 2 quays,

992 t'The 'Fortieth' Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

quays, -or passages within the said town, -or the prccincls iSco. thereof, Arall be paved, flagged, or repaired, and what num-her of lamps shall be placed and lighted, when, and how

often, and in what manner the said streets, lanes, and places: shall be cleansed, and the foil, filth, and dirt thereof re-: moved and dispost’d of, and the said corporation shall and

may from time to time receive proposals from' any person or persons for flagging, paving, and repairing the-streets, quays, lanes and passages in the said town and precinfls, as also for fixing and providing, furnishing and lighting lamps in the said streets, lanes, and passages,-and Tweeping, cleansing, and removing the foil, filth, and dirt from the said streets, lanes and passages, and for providing, laying.down, and keeping in repair pipes in the said streets, lanes and passages, to,

supply the persons inhabiting the houses therein with pioe water, and may from.time to time- enter into any contrail or contrails in writing, with any fit person and persons for executing and performing the "said works, or any of them,

coniraAs/br such contract and-contrails to specify particularly the fevers! such woiis. worlis [o kc done, the prices to he paid for the same, and the time or times when or within which the works' therein spe-, cified are to be completed, and to contain a sufficient penalty or penalties, to be borne or fullered-. for the non-ptr-formance thereof, and such penalty or penalties to be therein: also specified, and may also enter into any contrail or con-, trails with any person or persons for paving and-flagging, and keeping- rn repair for any number of years not exceeding ten, the flagging and pavement of the said -streets, quays, lanes and passages, or for ereiting, lighting, cleansing, trimming,’ snuffing, maintaining, and repairing the lamps in laid

town, or for cleansing, sweeping, and removing the fail, t filth, and dirt from the’ said streets, quays, lanes and paf-

sages, or for providing, laying down, completing and keeping in repair pipes- for supplying the said town with water, or for-.making such trench or trenches, water-course or courses, reservoir or reservoirs, as shall be necessary to bring water to, and afford a constant supply of water for said town, and for keeping the fame, and every part- thereof in repair, rontraflito all such contrail or contracts to be entered, in writing, and a-V«cc"ted'^UC^ writing to be signed and executed by the parties there-a» hen-in. to, and to specify the several particulars before mentioned,

and

The Fortieth Year of George III. 99

993

contract or contrails shall be so entered into.

VIII. And be it enacted. Tint from and after the passing of this ail, the right and property of, in, and to all and every the pavements in the several streets, quay?, lanes and passages in the said town and precincts, and till flagging or pavement to be hereafter made in the said town, be, and the fame is hereby vested in the said corporation, and that lrbssi»i;

r C aittl |hvc-

they may authorize and empower any person or persons Vcltal« from time to time "to take and remove all, or any part of corV'-'xMLm-the Hones of such pavement or flagging, or to fell or dil-pose thereof, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the find corporation, or any person or persons by them duly authorized and appointed, to enter the ground of any person where gravel and stones, flags, or other materials fit or necessary for mending, repairing, making and flagging the streets, quays, lanes and passages and foot-paths maybe found, and to search for, dig, raise, and carry away materials, first paying to the owner or occupier of such P>nvcrl0 ground such rates for such materials so raised and carried ra&orcany

° , rt? nw;»y mate*

away as the said corporation shall deem reasonable, or as mis o» pay-shall be adjudged by the award of two persons, one to be chosen by said corporation, and the other by such owner or occupier, or by an umpire, to be chosen by said referees, in case they shall not agree; and if any such owner or occu- owners of pier shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved or injured by the adjudication of said corporation, or by such q. sessions. award, it shall be lawful for such owner or occupier to appeal therefrom to the justices of the peace of the county of S/igo, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in said town, who shall and are hereby empowered and required finally to hear and determine such matter, and award such reasonable sums for damages to such

owner or occupier as shall be aficfled by a jury at such sessions, which jury the said justices are hereby empowered and required to impannel, and to administer such oaths to the said jury, and to all witnesses to be produced by cither party on such trial as is usual on other trials before justices at sessions.

i i T

- Steps net to . proje#.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

A. IX

IX. And be it enacted, that all signs, sign-irons, polls, ioOO. boards, spouts or guttters already placed, or being in any of the said streets, lanes, quays or passages in the salt! town Hmv fw®, or precinfis, shall be fixed on the fides, ends, or fronts of

spouts, &c. r ’

(tallkfed. the houses, (hops, ware-lionfes or buildings respectively, whereunto the same shall belong, and not otherwise, and that the water from the tops of all houses within f.id town or precinfls, fronting upon any street, quay, lane or p.ifiuge, shall be conveyed into, or near the ground by pipes or trunks brought down by the (ides, fronts, or end-, of fuc-h houses:; and that no steps to any of the said houses shall proje£t beyond the front wall of such houses-, and if any person shall at any time hereafter hang, erect, place, or build any sign, (ign-iron, or pod, board, spout or gutter, in any of the streets, quays, lanes or passages in the said town or precintls, or canfe the same to be done in any other manner than as aforesaid, or crest or place any flip to any house outside, or projecting beyond the front wall thereof, unless a license in writing, authorizing such projection, shall be first obtained from said corporation, it shall be finchmatter* lawful for the said corporation, after thirty-one days no-moicdby" *'ce S’vcn to the Party or parlies offending, or the owner corporation, or occupier of the house to which such sign, iron, pod,

after 31 days

notice to board, spout or gutter, or projecting itep or lteps belongs or appertains, to employ workmen, and to remove such sign, iron, o.r pod, board, spout or gutter, and place the fame agreeable to the directions of this ail, and to compel such person or persons, owner or occupier, to pay all the charges attending such removal and new placing; such costs and charges to be levied by distress and falc of the goods and chattels of such person or persons, owner or occupier, by warrant under the seal of the said corporation.

X. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall yearly and every year ascertain and fix on the number and 'kinds of lamps necessary for the said town and precincts, and the places where the same shall be crcGcd, and the manner of ercdling the fame, and the time when, and how long the said lamps shall be, and continue lighted, and the manner of lighting, cleansing, trimming, snuffing, and repairing the fame; and if any person or persons shall

wilfully

pciUCii*

Nuniber of lumps, and places for erecting them to be fixed on annually.

Jbe horllsth ear of George III.

wii fully or mnlieioiifly break, throw down, or cxiinguifl] A.D. any lamp or Samos lo he eroded in the said town or pro- ’

cir.dts, or wilfully damage the polls, iron, or other furniture tif the fame, it Shall be lawful for any person or persons r 10 arrest and detain furh offender or offenders and to carry SniV-f or bring, or cause him, her, or them, to be earned or ;’/'

brought before the provost of said town, or foiue other n:;:--.ifirntc of the county of $/’go; ind such person or perforin lieirg convicted by fuell provost or magistrate, cf ur;y of ,'ucii offences, by the view of fuel] provost or other wuyi. finite, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or wi’iidVcs, or by his, her, or their own confciTion, shall foifcit and pay to the said corporation, or proper officer by them authorized to receive the same, the fun of forty millings for each lamp, post, iron, or furniture thereof, and if convicted a second time of a like offence, shall p.iy the . turn of fifty shillings for each lamp, post, iron, or furniture thereof; and if convicted a third time of a like offence,

shall for such and every subsequent offence, pay the sum of three pounds, for each lamp, post, iron, or furniture thereof, so broken, thrown down, extinguished, or wilfully damaged, such penalty and penalties to be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, in manner, and to be applied as herein directed; and in case any person or persons convicted of breaking, throwing down, or extinguishing any. lamp within the said town or precincts, or wilfully damaging the polls, iron, or other furniture thereof, Shall not immediately pay the aforesaid penalty or penalties, or shall not have goods or chattels within the said town or precincts whcrcout the fame can be levied, then such provost or magistrate shall, and is hereby required to commit such offender or offenders, by warrant under his hafStd and seal, to the common gaol of the county of ’Ugo, there 'to be kept to hard labour for such time as ivch provost or magistrate Shall by such warrant direct, not vxeecdinsi six months, nor less than one month, and if such penalty or penalties he paid before the expiration of :lie time for which such offender or offenders Shall be so coimnitied, then he, flic, or they shall be forthwith discharged; provided, that if such person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved or injured i i T 2 by

996

A.D. 1800.

10 00.

Chap.9!

Appeal to C|. fcffiouiL

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

by the conviction of such 'provost or magistrate, such perf'.r, and persons may appeal to ilie justices of the peace at the then next general quarter sessions for the county of to be held in said town, and if such person or persons lie in custody, he, she, or they shall, upon riving sufficient bail to the satisfaction of such provost or magistrate, to appear at such quarter sessions, and abide the determination of such justices on such appeal, be forthwith difclnrged f>c:a custody, and the justices of the peace at such sessions arc heri-lr:

1 empowered and required to summon and examine witnuT.s on oath on either fide, and finally to hear and dcfcraiii:' such appeal, and make such order thereon as shall be agrcc-able to the provisions of this aift, and to the nature and cir-’ cumstances of the case, and shall and may in case of a:ir:ii-ing the conviction, issue a warrant or warrants for levying the penalty or penalties, or for committing the offender or offenders; and if any person shall steal or forcibly carry away any of the said lamps, irons, posts, or furniture diercof, such person or persons being thereof lawfully convicted upon indidhnent, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, stratbmpsT and be transported for seven years, in like manner as olber felons are directed by the laws and ftalutes of this transported, realm to be transported, or shall be fined, whipped, or im-o"tmprisoned! prisoned, at and according to the discretion of the court before which such person or persons shall be convicted.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, at such time in each year as they shall deem expedient, to appoint a sufficient number of able watchmen for the said town and precindls, and to appoint the times of watch, and wages for such watchmen, and to rent and occupy one or more watch-house or watch-houses, and to provide and appoint necessary articles for such watch-houses and watchmen, and to appoint annual over--seers of such watch, to fee.that the fame be duly kept, and to remove such watchmen and overseers from time to Powers cf time, and appoint others in their room, and that it shall watchmeH and may be lawful to and for the said watchmen or over-

ami ovci leers,

to apprehend seers, or any of them to apprehend all and every idle and offmkrs! disorderly person and persons that they, or any of them

shall find in the night time making any affray, or committing any breach of his Majesty's peace in the said town or pre-

cintls,

Corporation

t may appoint watchmen,

&e.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 997

cindts, and such person and persons so apprehended to detain A.D. in such tvatch-house or watch-houses, and to bring all and I®oc' every such person and persons before the provost of said town, or some magistrate of the county of Sligo, resident in, or near the said town, to be examined and dealt with according to law.

XII. And be it enacted, That every occupier of any Occupiers

J . r - of housep, &c.

noufe, tenement, {table, yard, or othe premises in the said to fempe town or precincts, fronting to any street, quay, lane, or passage therein, shall, once in every day, from the first r'rPcai'e

r t f . tenement*

day of May to the first day of Oft over^ before the hour everyday, of eight, and from the-first day of Odder to the first day of May before the hour of ten of the clock in the °""l-forenoon of each day, ferape, lweep, cleanse, or cause to be feraped, swept, and cleansed, the foot way or street, all along or adjoining to their respective houses, tenements, liables, yards, or other premises over or beyond the gutter opposite thereto, or in default thereof shall, for every such offence,' forfeit and pay the sum of one shilling, the same to be levied'and applied by the provost of the said town,' for the time being, or any magistrate of the county of S/igo, in manner herein directed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no person whatsoever Penalty fur carrying out of any house, yard, cellar, lane, or other place whatever, any coal-a/lies, horse-dung, or any other jn^rctt* kind of rubbish or dirt, shall attempt to lay the fame in any of the flrects, quays, Janes, or passages in the said town or precincts, but shall have a cart or car ready to load or put said coal-a/hes, horse-dung, rubbish or dirt into, and shall carefully carry it away, in, or on the fame, under the penalty of ten shillings for every such offence, to be levied and applied as herein directed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Powert# said corporation, or any person or persons by them there- ulna,/' unto authorized, to enter into the grounds of any person or persons in the said town or preeindts, or neighbourhood of the said town, houses, gardens, orchards and yards excepted, and to dig, raise, and make one or more reservoir or reservoirs thereon, for the holding and containing fre/li water for the supply of the said town, and to dig, cut, and carry any trench or trenches, water-course or water-courses,

998 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

from the said reservoir or reservoirs, to any river adjacent, Chap*0*}? ^or c^e^ua^ conveying water to the said reservoir or reservoirs, and also from time to time to enter upon all and every such. grounds to repair such reservoir or reservoirs,

water-course or water-courses, and to dig and cut in and through the said lands- from such reservoir or reservoirs, , and-to fix and lay. pipes in and through the fame, and in ..and through all or any of the streets, quays, lanes, ways, ': , and passages in the said town and prefiinfts, for conducing and conveying the said water from the-, said refer-voir or reservoirs, to the several parts, of the said town, and pre-- Payment to cinGs, 'the said. corporation always paying to the respective propnetora or own^rs .-and occupiers. of the . grounds on, in, or through

occupiersot ~ > o -

ground. which such reservoir or reservoirs, water-course or water-

courses and pipes.,shall: be made, cut, or laid >or carried, such rates and damages, in case- the parties shall not -.amicably adjust the fame, as shall be adjudged, reasonable by,a jury of freeholders-of the county of S!igor to be-.impannelled . at the succeeding assizes to be. held jn and for the said county by the sheriff of said county, whose verdict shall be taken before the judge of assize for said county, and such jury to be returned by virtue of.a precept or warrant to be ). issued to the said sheriff by the said corporation, provided that, no member of the fai.d,corporation shall be returned or serve on such jury.

Penalty for

XV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons injuringwa- break, throw down, or destroy any trench or trenches,

tcr-courses, or J J 1

diverting the water-course or water-courses, pipe or pipes, to be made them. in pursuance of this act, or shall make any new trench or trenches to carry off or divert, the water therefrom, each and every person so offending shall, for eapli and every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the assistant barrifler for the county of Sligo, at the next general quarter foflions.

Coiporati-

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation to treat, contract, and agree with and for

person, or all. and every person and persons, body and bodies politic

tody, for - ... c f

laiiJsneccf- or corporate, tenants in tail, tenants for life, infants by ui-courfa," their guardians, and the guardians and committees of luna-'V--. ticks and idiots, and feme covets, with their, hufb.itv.ls,

-by The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

by leases or deeds indented and duly registered, to demise to the said corporation, for any term of years, any lands that shall or may be necessary for such water-course or water-courses, trench or trenches, reservoir or reservoirs, not exceeding two acres for such reservoir or reservoirs, with such passage and p'aflages, road and roads to such' ’grounds as1 may be necessary, without fine or other consideration, favc only the yearly rent reserved, and that it shall be lawful for the said corporation, and their successors, to have, hold, use, occupy, poflfefs, and enjoy such grounds as shall be so demised during the term and terms to be granted of the fame respectively, they paying for the same the yearly rent and rents refvrved, and made payable out of and for the fame respectively.

XVII. And be it enacted,.r|That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, from time' to time, as occasion may require, to make agreement or agreements with all and every brewers, distillerstj mahlkrs, sugar bakers, tanners, flrin-ners, dyers, butchers, flaughterers, inn-keepers, or other manufacturers, tradesmen, ck* persons who may require or consume any extraordinary quantity of water, for such annual rent or sum as shall be agreed upon as and for their supply of water, according to the consumption of each and every such respective person and persons; provided that the sum to be paid by any person for his supply of water, for one year, shall not exceed the sum of thirty-four pounds two shillings and six pence,

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the owner and owners, occupier ami occupiers of each and every dwelling-house, out-house, mil], (lore, ware-house, office, cellar, (fable, yard, lands or premises, within said town or precincts, shall pay to the said corporation, or to the person or persons to be by them, from tunc to time, appointed and authorized to receive the same, the several rates and films which shall be applotted and aflelled, or contracted for in manner aforesaid, to be paid by the owner or occupier of such house, out-house, mill, (lore, ware-house, cellar, (table, yard, lands or premises respectively, for the paving, deaiiling, lighting, and watching the said town, and for the water with which such owner or occupier shall or may be suppticd; and if any person shall neglect or refuse to pay the annual sum or (inns applotted and ascertained as aforesaid, or agreed to be paid for an extra supply of pipe water for the space of twenty-one days after personal dc-11 U 2 mand

Agree-moms may be made with persons who consume an cxlraonlinaiy quantity of water.

Sums ap* ploted (halt be paid for paving, clcanf-jllfj, lighting and watching1, and for \va«

Colie Aors" may distrain, by warrant from provoll orjuilice, after 2t-days notice in writing

The Fortieth Year of George III.

mand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode of, or the place in the occupation of the person so liable to pay such sum or furns, it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or the officer or officers to be -by them from time to time appointed to collect and receive the said sum or sums, by warrant under the hand and seal of the provost of the said town, for the time being, or atiy other memher of the said corporation, being a justice of peace for the county of Sligo, which warrant and warrants the said provost, and all and every the member and members of the said corporation, being jliftices of the peace for said county, is, and are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to grant, to enter into the house or houses, out-house or out-houses, mills or mills, ;store or stores, ware-house or ware-houses, office or offices, cellar, stable, yard, land, ground, or premises within the said town or precincts, occupied by the person or persons so chargeable with the said sum or furns, and to distrain his and -their goods and chattels; and if all and every such sum and sums, together with the costs of making and taking such distress or distresses, and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within ten days after such distress taken, goods distrain- then to fell so much and such part of such distress as shall he fulli-cient to pay the said sum and sums so in arrear and unpaid, together with all costs attending, such distress aftd sale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels so distrained and fold; provided always, tint no inhabitant within said town or precincts, whose house or cabin shall be under the yearly value of three pounds, shall be charged or pay any part of the expenecs, costs, or charges of paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, or for supply of pipe water, and that it shall not he nc-ccflary for the applotters herein mentioned to assess or applot any such house or houses; and that the sum and sums to be applottwi and raised for the purposes of this act, or any of them, shall not exceed, in any one year, the following rates or poundage, according to the value at which such houses or other premises shall be valued as aforesaid- and that all out-houses, (tables, cellars, yards, grounds, or other premises adjoining, and used or occupied with; any dwelling-house in the said town or precincts, shall be valued with such dwelling-house, and not separate therefrom, that is to say, for paving, one shilling and six pence in the pound; fur cleansing, three pence in the pound; for lighting, one (lulling in the pound; and towards support of the watch, cue shilling in the pound; and that the sum to he paid for pipe water, by any person

for an ot<li- w]10 Qlall not carry on any trade, manufacture, or business that

nary supply or 1 J 1 7

pipe-water, shall or may require, any extraordinary supply of water, shall not,

cd may bi fold, if not redeemed within io days;

houses or cabins under 3l. ’ year, shall not be charged;

sums to be applotted and raffed, not exceed the poundage herein rated, according to the value of house9, 3cc.

40s. a year] for an ordi-

m

The Fortieth Year of George III. in any one year, exceed the film of forty Hullings: And provided all'o. That no tenant, occupier, or owner of any house or premises in the said town or liberties, shall be liable to or pay any part of the ftnn to be applotted for lighting the said town, whose dtvelling-house or premises shall be more than one hundred feet distant from any lamp to be erected by the salt! corporation, and that no such tenant, occupier or owner, shall be liable to pay any pat t of the sum to be applotted for supplying the said town with pipe water, unless a main fipe shall have been laid in the street, quay, lane, orpassage in or near to which such dwelling-house or premises is litnated, and that such tenant, occupier or owner, can or may he liippiied with water from such pipe, if he, she, or they think fit, such tenant, occupier, or owner, nevertheless t' provide and laydown at his, her, or ihcir own expence, ?. pipe to convey fitch water from the said main pipe to such dwelling-house or premises, and the bore or drmenlions of such pipe not to exceed one inch and a haif-in diameter, uiileis such tenant, occupier or owner shall have agreed to pay for an extra i'upply of wter.

XIX. And be it emcled, That it Hull be lawful for the said corporation to order and direct, that the markets of, the said town be removed from, and no lonjrci held in any of the (tracts, quays, or lanes of the hi.I town, and to appoint Inch convenient place c-r places as they dr ii d«n lit to i,e tl'.c place or places where only the said market shall, ,o ail tiims 10 come, be held and kept in the hid town, ami mat it shall and may be iawlitbto and for thee said corporation to contract end agree with, and to and for all and every person and perfoib, body and bodies p> liiic or corporate, guardians, committees, feme covet t, or chers, 10 demile for any term of years to the said corporal ion, any plot or plots, piece or pieces of giournl i <. 'he f. id town, hot exceeding one acre in each, that shall or may he iiwciTVy rib? Ickc of fitch market or markets, in like tnannei as me I tie! corporation may treat, contract, or agree, or any perlou or peri'ons, body or bodies, guardians, committees, and icne cow it*, m iy dem-fv to titc said corporation lands or grounds for the wi.cr-co.irie or water-courses, reservoir or reservoirs herein helote me.iii.uied, and that the said corporation may hold, pulLi;, ant! enjoy such ground for the term to be granted thereof, and treft and build, or c.tuf.' to he crofted and built, such fliambics, il.dk, or buildings, as they may deem ne-cellary, and demile the fame, and recover the relcrveJ rent thereof, as any perl'on or persons may lawfully do.

dwelling- . houses more than too feci from a lamp, not to pay fur lighting.

none to pay for pipe water where maiai arc not laid dawn:

pipes at ft. pence of

Markets to bi removed.

corporation may take around for m.ukcts.

XX. A:ul

T001

A.D. 1800.

iHgo. Chap.

Notice of.

rem -v.il of Siaikcte,

Vrna’t? n-d forfiitirc fur expfjfiiif; meat,

{owl, graji, or vegetables, to fair, in streels, or quays, after tUCh 113-jice.

Powers (f corporation tr> tnl-chmifts or grouad, for u uivning or mnkiior »k w« r coii’-c-i (Urels, qiuys, &v;.

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, as (non'as such . Ih unnles, Halls, and buildings as they may deem fuHicient for a new market or markets for the said town, Hull have been erected by them, or othenvile provided for the accommodation of the public, to cause written or printed nntia 5 thereof, signed by-feveii or more of them, to be publickly polled on the church, chapei, tourt-house, and fudi other putriic pi ices in the said town, and its liberties, as to them may seem ihf.iciem, which notices are to specify their direction and appointment, tint from and after a certain day to be therein mentioned, not ids lit m one calendar month from the date of the-notice, the markets of the said town are to be, and shall be removed to the particular place or places to he therein also mentioned, and shall be no longer held in the llreet', quays, or lines, of the said town.

XXI. And be it en.ifled, lltat if at any time after the day in any such notice specified, any person or persons shall fell, or cx-pose to fa!e any butchers’ meat, lish, fowl, grain, or vegetables, in any of the open streets, quay', nr lanes of the said town, (belt person or persons-shall for ever.y futh 'offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to he recovered before the provoll of the said town, or any one justice of peace for the said county, who may happen to he a member of the said corporation for the time being, being, on view-of such provost or jtidice. or on the confession of the offender, or on the oath of any one credible witness, and that all such butchers’ meat, lish, fowl, grain and vegetables so fold or cxpoled, shall also be forfeited, and may he seized by the said pro-voft, or any such julliee, or hv any person or persons duly authorized by warrant under the hand and leal of such' provoll or justice, the said meat, lish, fowl, grain, and vegetables, to be feat tn the prison of the said town, and the said penalty of five pounds, to be levied by did refs and sale of the goods and chattels of the dl- lender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such provoll or justice, and applied as herein after directed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall have power and authority from time to time to pnrclmfe any itoufe or honfes, ground or grounds, building or buildings, for the pitrpoll of making-new, or of widening and making more convenient the streets, quays, lanes, and passages of the said town and precious, that they shall think proper, the quantity of ground to be porcini-,cd for widening any (licet, quay, lane, orpassage, not however to exceed one hundred feet backward, or at either fide of any of fitch ftrcUs, quays, lanes, or passages intended to he widened or improved; and that the said corporation he, and are hereby inveiied

with

'Tie FortkihYear of George III. 1003

with all anil finguhr the pouvr> and auth iritics veiled-in ami 1>y AD.'

an act passed in this. ktngjo n in the tiiirty-first veer of Kin" iSco.

George the ftcond, entitle.!, An an fir making a and convenient

osay, fireety and passage from J’.’ftxd’ridi’e to the cafile of Dublhty eorpomioa

and fir other‘purpofs therein mentioned, together with all ant! jnt-

every the additional powera !)y any act or acts imee given or grant-

alto the rommissioners in the said act mentioned, or by an act t. Lj.,dj;.

passed in the twenty-thin] ami twenty-fourth Years of ms prefen

lionit paw* cis iincc giua

-ajesty’s reign, entitled, dir, in fir belter retulalino the police of " t0";"5®*

r - . > 0 1 J oners therein

the city (>fi\titerjbrdy lev far at the laine-fluil! or may be necessary for menri »ncd; making new or convenient Greets or padiigcs, or widening and °,r£ueuy making more convenient the present Greets, (mays, lanes, and r-'t?

° 1 ’ 1 ’ ’ of 2 ) & J4

passages in the said town and preeinfts, and -that all and singular C. j. the clauses contained in the said act of the thiny-firs! year of George the second, and that flaule in the said act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth veers of his present Majesty, whereby certain commissioners arc named and authorized -to act, shall lb far as the fane are applicable- to, or can he tiled with respect to the Greets, opi'ys, i.tn:s, and pillages in tiicTaid town and precincts, be of the fane force and osseft with rd'pcft thereto, as if herein repeated, and the feversl powers therein hereby specially given and granted to the said corporation, provided that the said eorpe-

ration Ilia'll not, or may not jin.coed to lay out any new way,

Greet, or pafugej or widen r.nv of the present fhccts, lanes, or pillages in the said town nr preeinfts, uuid's a jury dm! have found ojVjy^uu' and prelenred, that fitch v/ay, llrcet, nr paliitgc, is nreessary to be

mtde or widened, fitch jury to lie summonej by the flieriti of fa'ivd bya the county of Sligi, by virtue of a precept from the said corpo- \',u ntion, under their common leal, and signed by any three mem- 1'rv-bers of the said corporation, anil impnindled in the manner, for the purpo^s, ami with the potvers dire-sted and veiled by the said act of the twenty-third and twenty-lcwi'i'years of his prefer*:

Majesty.

XXIII. 'And'be it entiled, That it shall and may be law-

' Corpora-

fill to and for the said corporation to extend and encrcarc urn may the present-tpiay of the said town, ami from time to time

to erect one or more new quay or quays there, ami also to erect one or more graving or (lotting doc!: or dorks, in

town, an.l from time to time to h'-' part, lt.tr-

h.Hlr t.al

tiyc-Knvi, and rcguhi- n*n\j, ami to tions for cleansing and improving the put ami harbour and etc &c. quays of S/go, for the con.itift of mailers and

Owners of Clipping reletting to the said harbour and quays

I 1 X j for

or contiguous to the Kid make and ordain such rule', orders

1-004 The. Fortieth Tear; of George III. A.D. 1800.

for' Rationing and mooring their ships and vessels, for ihrow-i8co. ing out and taking in ballad, for regulating the conduct of owntrs,-and managers-of lighters, gabbards, and other vesse!--, to be employed- in furnishing ballad- to, and taking balhiil from d civ-shipping,-and for securing ships and vessels trading to the said harbour, and for regulating and conducting the ijufinef' of- the aforesaid pflice, and for the well governing of the said office, and the several officers and others vto be appointed.as .- the said. corporation ..shall ideem fit and . fife^ssary.

Corpora

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said- corporation shall rnantnft-'1'" ani* nay demand, receive, and take such and the like rates wfas^by^n*' ^or knik'ft. r,s are mentioned- in an act passed in the thirty-«Ucd att, 24. fourth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An. all for ik payaWot improvement of the town, port,- and harbour of tVexfoid, and

\\ cx—rd, jor imijiifrg a -bridge or bridges over- the river Shurey, at or rthhlikc ,!ear /"‘d tovirr, and tlpat all and singular the powers and

jum-o-for authorities in and by the find act given and emmed to the

j'tirttuft: !i?r>_J

-m oieminut. corporation therein motioned, for the ;purj ofe of erecting quays, wharfs, and docks, compelling the proprietors of boats, wherries, and other vessels to regider and take ort a license for compelling the payment of a like (inly as in ;he said add mentioned, for each and every lliip and v*. (Ti I mat shall arrive in the port and haibour ox'S/igo, for cwri ;ii;t -or voyage such (Lip or vessel shall make to the fit id h tb"ur.

for levying the penalties thereori on all and every pc for, and persons, except t’hose thereto authorised by the fain rpou-tion, who fiiail deliver to or take from any ship or v’rfici ary ballad, and for enforcing the several penalties and rr;di--. lions in- the said s£t be, and the fuiic are hereby vested in the said corporation hereby created, as fully and eflcCiuatly as if repeated, and hereby re-enacted-in (his aid.

Corporation

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the iooei'ua da- said corporation to take -up and borrow upon the credit of Uuttiio, at rfig rates, duties, and taxes hereby vested in them, any turn

miercli,

or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fom i.f six thousand pounds, at any Tate not exceeding legal intend for the fame, at the time of borrowing; and for'fectuing the re payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said cotpa-ration to issue debentures under their seal for the turn or furcs of money so to be borrowed, in such manner and form

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

as the said corporation by any bye-law or laws to be entered into by them shall appoint, and the Cams in such debentures contained shall be actual charges and Hens upon the said rates, duties, and taxes, or so much of them as shall be specified in the said debentures, to be subject to the repayment of the furas in them contained.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall, Corporation for the purpose of erecting one or more floatiri^and graving dock,-, aw)

shall have

dock or docks, in or contiguous to the said town, be and are

fimtf power*

hereby inverted with all and every the powers and authori-tics contained in an act passed in the thirty-second year of s* G.

his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An oil to enable the royal reeled. zonal company to make docks on the north fide of the river Lffij, and that the corporation hereby created, or the person or persons by them thereto authorized, shall and may demand.

receive, and take from the mailers, commanders, or owners of all and every ship and vessel that shall go into, or come out of any dock, to be erected in pursuance of this act, such rates and duties, as by the said recited act, the royal canal company were authorized to demand, receive, or take from the matters, commanders, or owners of ships and vessels going into, or coming out of the docks, in the said act mentioned, with like mode and power to the corporation hereby created of ascertaining the tonnage of vessels, regulating the conduct of matters, commanders, and owners of ships and vessels, and penalties for enforcing payment of the rates payable by such masters, commanders or owners, as in and by the said act are given to the fair! royal canal company.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation Corporj.ion hereby created, shall, and they are hereby empowered to ap- ‘pi'uint point, during their will and pleasure, such number of ttiil- (trail give fc. fill pilots as shall appear to them from time to time to be SXgTrf* ucccflary, to take charge of ships and vessels trading to the said port of Sligo, and from time to time to make such rules, orders and regulations for the regulating the conduG of such pilots so to be appointed, as they shall judge necossary, and shall grant a license, under the corporation seal, to every such pilot and pilots, upon his or their entering into bond to the said corporation, with two sufficient sureties, for the faithful discharge of the doty of such pilot and pilots, in such

corporaliou to YcguUte

the wages, and recom-pence to be

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

sum' as the said corporation shall direct; and the said corporation shall, and they are hereby empowered from time to time, to Tegulate and ascertain the wages and recompence to be paid by the mailers or owners of ail and every ship or vessel trading to the said port and harbour of Sligo, who shall require such pilot or pilots, and from time to time to StSSs°to a'tet‘ an<l change the sums ascertained as and for such wages ume.: and recompence, and to appoint such other wages and recompence as they shall think fit.

Penalty on '

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any licensed pilot gleftingduty] who" shall go on board any ship or vessel coming into, or ! going out of the said port or harbour for the purpose of ' piloting the fame, shall wilfully, or in any manner neglect or re.fuse to perform his duty in piloting such ship or vessel, so as to cause any unnecessary delay or injury to such ship or vessel, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one credible witness, before the provost of said town, or any member of the said corporation, being a justice of the peace for the county of Sligo, such pilot shall, for every such offence, forfeit such sum as such magistrate shall think fit, not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such pilot, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate; and if no sufficient distress can be had whereout the said penalty can be levied, then such provost or justice of peace is hereby required to commit such pilot to the common gaol of the said town, for such time not exceeding three months, as such magistrate shall think fit; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge or render the said corporation, or any member thereof, liable for any neglect or misconduct of any such licensed pilot.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the provost of the said town of Sligo, or any justice of peace of the said county of Sligo, shall have power, and they and every of them are hereby authorized and required to administer all and every oath and oaths, affirmation and affirmations, prescribed or directed to be taken by, or in pursuance of this act, or which shall or may be necessary for carrying this act into execution, or for trying and determining all and every complaint or complaints for any matter or thing done, or alleged to be

done

corporation not liable for rojfcoiulud of pilots.

Oaths -pre* feribedbylhis act may be administeretl by the provost, or any justice of the county.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

done against any of the provisions or regulations herein contained, or against any bye-law to be made or entered into by the said corporation, pursuant to the provisions herein contained.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any oath is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the party, if he or she shall be a quaker, shall and may be made or taken in the place of such oath; and if any person or persons shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation prescribed or directed to be taken by, or in pursuance of this act, or for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and shall therein wilfully swear or affirm falsely, or shall procure or induce any person or persons to make such false oath or affirmation, every such person being convicted of said offences, or either of them, shall be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury, and suffer the pains and penalties which by law are to be inilifted on persons convicted of such offences respectively.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures imposed for any offence committed against this act, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein and hereby particularly directed, shall and may be levied by difirefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of the pro-voft of the said town, for the time being, or any magistrate of the county of Sligo, being a member of the said corporation for the time being, before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, on the view of such provost or magistrate, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on his, her, or their own confession; and in case of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall be. imposed by the authority of this act, the offender or offenders shall be committed by the said provost for the time being, or any such justice of the peace, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol, or house of correction of the said county of Sligo, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid.; and every such fine, forfeiture or penalty when paid, shall be applied by such provost or justice of peace in rewarding

11 Y 2 the

The alfir-maiion of a quaker may be taken,

persons who iwtar or affirm falsely, shall suffer for perjury, &c.

Recovery and application of fine/, &c. not herein otherwise particularly directed.

ioo8 %he Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

the informer or parties convicting, and the constables or other person assisting, cr partly in one and partly in the other of ttle Purposes aforesaid, as to such provost or justice of the peace shall seem proper.

Penalty for

XXXII. And be it etia&ed, That in case any person or persons aSting'per or n'a^c forcible oppofttiort against any person or per-

rons employ- fons employed in the execution of this act, or shall act'auit any cution of this collector of the rates or tolls in the execution of his or theii office

ad, and oa conlhbles for negkdling. duty.

or offices, or shall make, or attempt to make any i efeue of any cattle, carriage, or other goods distr.iined or seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable or sub-constable shall reftife or neglect to excculc any warrant granted by the provost of the said town, or any justice of peace of the said county, pursuant to the directions of this act, every person and persons so offending, and being thereof cor.vifted in manner aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay such film, not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, as the said provost or justice of peace, -before whom such conviction shall be had shall direct; and in case such sum he

' not immediately paid, shall and may be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of the said provost or justice of peace, ro the common gaol, or house of corrcflion of the said county, for any time, not exceeding three months, nor less than cne month, as such provost or justice shall direct.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That when any distress shall be

Distress not ’ 1

'deemed mi- made for any sum or I’utns of money to be levied by virtue, or in want of form, pursuance of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed un-butfpccui ]awfu] nor the parly or parties making the same deemed a tref-

damages may r / i ©

i« recovered, pafler, on account of any default or want of form in any pro-

tfedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining lie deemed a trel'paller or trespaifers, at> initio, on account of any irregularity afterwards done or committed by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover special damage for the injury in an action on the case.

Actions for

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any action be brought, or i^pursuance suit or information filed or commenced again! any person or per-of this act. fonSj for or on account of any matter or thing by him, her, or them done in pursuance or execution of this act, such action, suit, or information shall be commenced, laid, or brought within six months after the fast done, and shall be laid in the county of Sligo, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action, luit, or information, may plead the general issue, and

give

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was dune in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the fame Stall appear to have been so done, or if such action, salt, or information, shall not be brought or commenced within the time hereby limited, or shall be brought in any county, city, town or place, other than as afore-ibid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and h'the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or buffer a dif-ccr.tintiance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict or verdicts pass ag.iinft him, her, or them, or if upon demurrer or otherwise, judgment he given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then the said -defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, with such and the like remedies for recovery of the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for recovery of costs, whereby law costs are are given to defendants'.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall and may, out of the first monies to be raised and levied by and in pursuance of this act, pay and defray the expence of obtaining this act', and that the same shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and shall in all cases be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same; provided always, that it shall not be deemed compulsory upon the aforesaid corporation to carry into execution the whole, or any part of the regulations herein mentioned, otherwise than fn far as in their discretion they shall think expedient, any thing herein to the contrary notwithstand-

treble cofl« to (Kftfiid. nut.

Fxpcnrcs of this act to be paid out of litil monks, ami it (halt bo a public act.

corporation dml not cany more of this ail into execution than they think expedient.

! Z

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. C.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, and the Liberties thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said City in the other Matters therein mentioned, and in Respect to Lighters and Vessels plying for Hire, and also respecting Sedan Chairs, Coaches, and Chaises plying for Hire, within the City and Liberties of the City of Cork.

JO f O

A.D. -1800.

"Friday ths Fir/} day of dugufl, eae thousand eight hundred\ Royal Ajfent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

' c’!Recitalid T WHEREAS an act passed dn the tenth-year of his Late Majestyf King George the first, entitled, An ail

&a aft «aa for continuing and amending of the laws in relation to butler aT&^nncl t allow,.- and the casks in, which such goods are to be made up, coi?;«"dby ‘n relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef varjousfubft-.-and pork for exportation,- and for the preventing the destruction /Earn*ti. of Ja/mon, which -faicT ad ..was explained and amended by another act, made in the twelfth'year of the late King George thq first, entitled, An -,aB for explaining and amend-. ing an aB, entitled, 'An- aB'for continuing and amending f the laws relating to butter and tallow, and the casks in wkicli fitch goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef and' pork for exportation, and for preventing the ifruBion of salmon, which said acts have been amended, and futther continued by' several acts to the end ' of the session of parliament in the twenty-fifth year of his late Majesty,- King George the second, and by an act made in this kingdom in the said twenty.disth year of his said late Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for reviving, continuing, arJ amending several temporary: fatutes, the said acts were amended, and further continued to the twenty-ninth day ot Sep- tember, in the year one thousand seven hundred and -sixty-fiine, and from thence to the end of the then next session oi parliament; and by an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled^ An act for continuing, reviving, ami

amending

10 11

Fhe Fortieth Fear of George III.

Amending several temporary fatntes, and for empowering the

A.D. 1800.

grand jury of the county of Kilkenny, at the assizes, to cncrtafe the J,alary of the tre.ifnrer of the county, the said last receited act, so far as it relates to the continuing and amending the said laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the calks in which such goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and malting up beef and pork for exportation, with the several alterations and amendments therein contained, was continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and by an act passed in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, entitled. An aid for continuing an act passed in the tenth year of King George the frfi, for continuing and amending of the laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation, and for the preventing the definition offalmon, the said last receited act, so far as it relates to the continuing and amending the said laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the calks in which such goods are to be made up, and foe the curing of hides, and making up beef and pork for exportation, with the several alterations and amendments therein contained, was further continued to the twenty-ninth day of September which will be in the year one thousand eight hundrfed and twelve, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, which said last receited act, so far as it relates to butter, and the calks in which it is to be made up, and the curing of hides and calf Heins, has been found in many points inexpedient for the city of Cork, which is a place of great trade and export, and it is become necessary to reduce and digest the several provisions and regulations in the said former acts contained, so far as they relate to the butter trade of said city, and the liberties thereof, and the calks in which such butter is to be made up, and to the curing of hides and calf skins, within said city and the liberties thereof, into one aft, with such alterations and amendments as are herein after contained 5 be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 1 t Z 2 that

ioi2 "The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

that from and after the raffing of this act, no part of laid

1800.];1fj mentioned act, v.-hidi relates to butter, and the caflts in which such butter is to be made up, or to the curing of N.>icruf hides or caif fliins, ffial! extend to, or be in force within the

rotui «.ct

ijp. rc* nty or liberties of Cork, but that tnc lain?, 10 far as it re-

1'1-,'iwn'ri11' iates to the butter trade of said city and liberties, and the

calks in which such butter is to be iirr.ee up, and the cur-

or c. Mums, < t '

1'. iii t-.fta ing of hides and calf Heins within said city and the liberties thereof, shall be, and is hereby repealed,'and from hence-l.:\ forth shall be, and is hereby declared mill and void to all in-

siYi;immu.t tents and purposes v;h:usoever, favo and cs;ccpt so much of

n-j.tio.'I’ said act as empowers his Majesty,- his heirs and' successors, to appoint one or more pet fori or perform to be -weigh-roafler or . weigh-mafiers of said city of Cork.

Duty of

h-

tnniiti*,

futeci-

ilrs.

Ill And whereas his IViajcfcy, in- pursuance of the powers vclted in him by the Lift receited act, has been pleased to appoint and nominate the honorable Thomas Knox, Thomas Burgh, and Mountiford Longfield, esquives, to be weigh-maf-ters of said city; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said weigh-mnfters, and their successor and successors in said office, to be nominated and appointed pursuant to said aftt ilia'll provide a sufficient and convenient weigh-house or weigh-houses within said city, or the suburbs thereof, and shall alfc provide beams, fcalcs, weights, branding irons, and other necessaries, at their own proper colls and charges, and shall attend at their respective weigh-house or weigh-houses, by (hemselves, or by a sufficient deputy or deputies, every day in the week, (Sundays, Christmas-day, faint Stephen’s-dav, and New Year’s-day excepted) from fix of the clock in the morning until one, and from two in the afternoon until fcve.n, from the twenty-fifth day of March until the twenty-ninth day of September, and from thence until the twenty-fifth day of March, from eight of the clock in the morning until one, and from two in the afternoon until four, and then and there weigh, brand, and mark all such butter and empty cartes as by the said act they are requir-

ed.

How icig Ilf. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wri^mafitrs the said weigh-masters, their successor or successors, and every

UrloE-0 l'icm enc^ anc^ exP'rat'on ^‘s ai^’ '10

and enjoy such his and their office of weigh-master or weigh-

masters

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

lnnfters of said city during' his and their good behaviour, or untii such time as he or they, his or their deputy or deputy or deputies {ha!, in manner herein herein after mentioned, before the mayor, aldermen, and common council of said city, he conviiled of having aided contrary to the duty of his or their office.

IV. And be it enacted by the aulhoiitv aforesaid, That the mayor, aldermen, and common council of said city, shall and may upon fall proof of the misbehaviotir of said weigh -mailers, their successor or successors, his or their deputy or deputies, or any of them, in his or their office, upon full hearing of liina or them, or upon his or their being duly {Ymmoned, and neglecting to appear, by writing under the hand and seal of laid mayor, remove the said weigh-masters, their successor or successors, or any of them.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if said weigh-masters, their successor or successors, or any of them so removed, or the person or persons complaining of him or them, shall think him or themselves aggrieved by the determination of the said mayor, aldermen, and common council, it shall and may be lawful for the party who shall think himself so aggrieved to apply by petition to the justice or justices of assize for the county of the said city, in his or their next circuit, who is and are hereby empowered and required to hear, and finally determine the matter of such petition, and to restore said weigh-masters, their successor or successors, or any of them, if unduly removed, or to remove him or them, or any of them, if the complaint be thought just, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, and at his or their discretion to award rcaforiable colls to the party, who, upon hearing such petition, shall appear to be aggrieved, which- costs shall be paid by the party against whom the same shall be awarded, within a time to be appointed by such justice or justices of allizo, and.in default of such payment, the party against whom such costs are awarded shall be committed until the same are paid.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the successor and successors of the present weigh-masters shall, before he or they shall enter on the execution of said office, perfect a bond with sufficient security to the mayor of said city, of such penalty as the mnyor shall think reasonable,

rotj

A.D. 1800. Chap-too.

The cor*

p ir.t' ion may (lifmifs weigh-inatlers or ihcinlfpiKiVs, upon proof 01 milbehnviiiiir.

tv«At.-

maflerr., or pet Tons complaining of the.-i, -way appeal (0 julltces of alltx', whose (Iccifutns shall be fiuaL

Bonds to fee mtered'ir.-to by fntcefson of present wtij’H-tnaftem

HOI

'I0'i4 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

not exceeding five hundred pounds, dr less than twenty i?°o. pounds, for his or their true and faithful performance and execution of his-or'-their office, and that they or the deputy or deputies to be t-y them employed, Aall. take before the said- mayor the oath following:

Weigh-nuf- / g fj0 swear, }hdt / will diligently and faithfully exc~ ty’ioaih. cute the office of public weigh-master of the city of Cork, or depur.

weigh~mdfer (as the case shall h); during the time IJhaUcontinue in the said office, I will take care truly without fraud or delay, to weigh all butter, and to weigh and brand all ciifis, and to weigh all hides and calf fins in [itch-order as ike [aid goods shall be brought to me to be weighed or branded, and in all other rfpeBs 1 will truly execute my said charge.

Bond per-retSkd, and oath taken, by present ' weigh rr.af* tfrs, shall be, obligatory on them.

]. penalty weigh-jiiuflor for jiou.aUciiJ-ence.

In what case a deputy weigh-master may be re* moved by the xnavor of Cork.

Which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered to ad-’minister.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bond which they the said Thomas Knox, Thomas Burgh, and Mountifo-d Longfield, have already perfeGed for the due execution of their office, and the oath which they have already taken on enteting on the office of weigh-masters of i'aid city, pursuant to the last recited aG, shall he deemed, and arc heteby declared to be sufficient to oblige them to the observance of all the provisions of this present aG.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city -of Cork for the time being, or his or their deputy or deputies, shall neglect or refuse to attend on the days, and

during the respective times hereby appointed, said weigh-master or weigh-masters, or his or their deputy or deputies, shall for each offence of himself or themselves, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by fuel) person or persons who shall sue for the same by civil bill in the county of said city.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor of the city of Cork, in the absence of the weigh-master or weigh-masters of the said city for the time being, for the said city, shall and may upon full proof of the misbehaviour of such deputyor deputies then appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed by the weigh-master or weigh-masters for the time being of said city, cither upon due proof, or full bearing of him or them, or upon his or their being

xoi5

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

duly summoned, and neglecting to appear 'before the said mayor, Itave power to remove such deputy or deputies from 1 ° ^'0 his or their office or offices, and to nominate and appoint another, or others to act in his or their stead during the .1 bfence of such weigh-master or weigh-masters as aforesaid, from the said city.

Xi And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall sell or expose to file any calk of

calks within said city or liberties for packing of butter, ivtudifoKto-nor any rendered hog’s lard for sale, or shall make up i,(.'Sia.a or pack any butter or rendered hog’s lard in any caflc or calks to be exposed to sale in said city or liberties, unless alc-such caflc or calks be made of good fcafoned oak, a (It, fy-camore, or beech, whereof no part to be bog timber, and shall be made tight, lb that they shall hold pickle, wij,h head and bottom equally dooled and set to the cross, with twelve good sufficient hoops on each caflc, all well twigged with good fresh osier twiggs, and that every person so felling or exposing to sale any calk or calks for packing of butter or rendered hog’s lard within said city and liberties, made otherwise than as herein directed, or not being of the weight herein after required, or not having the Haves head, and bottom thereof of the thickness herein after-tequired, being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, on a summary hearing by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer:) or upon the confession of such offender before the said mayor, shall, for every such calk, forfeit the sum of five shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to illuc;) and in case such offender shall not have sufficient goods nnd chattels to satisfy such penalty, then such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue) shall be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor less than one. week, at the discretion of said mayor; and every person making up or packing any.

rgA?. butter

io i6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

better or rendered hog’s lard, to be exposed to Tale within said city'or liberties, in any cask or calks made otherwise than as herein directed, or not being of the weight herein ' after required, or' not having the staves, head and bottom thereof of the thickness herein after required, being thereof

convicted by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or 'witnesses before the said mayor (which oath the mayor is 'hereby empowered and required to administer,) or upon confession of such offender before the said mayor,

shall forfeit the sum of'ten shillings for every hundred and twelve pounds weight of butter or rendered hog’s lard, and so in proportion for every less quantity which shall be in such cask or calks, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by wairant under t['e hand and seal of said mayor (which warrant said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue;) and in case such 'offender shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to satisfy such penalty, then such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant be is hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor k'fs than one week, at the discretion of the said

Butter not to mayor; and that the weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city> ‘'or lbc time being, his or their deputy or deputies, except in shall not weigh or brand such butter until the same shall be

as hereby'at- made up in calks made according to the directions of this

No patera adftj and no person shall buy or fell, or expose to sale, thati buy or any empty calk or casks for packing of butter or rendered bm'ai-uiks hog’s lard within said city or liberties, before such cask or wtg&ud ca^is shall be weighed and branded by the said weigh-branded. , nutfter or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, which said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall be, and is, and are hereby empowered and required to weigh all such empty calks, and Allowances to to allow, on account, of foakage, two pounds more on

weighinj0" each cade, which shall contain fifty-flx pounds weight of

neat butter or rendered hog’s lard, and four pounds for every cask which shall contain one hundred and twelve pounds of neat butter or rendered hog’s lard, and so in

proportion for -every greater or less file, the weight of

7 he fortieth Year of George III.

which empty caffe, with the allowance ot fnakagi

the said weigh-master or weigh-masters,

1017 A. r>.

I I’ o

Ch-rp 1 :c

forefai.l, his or their deputy

or deputies, is, and are hereby tequired to brand on the fide and bottom of every such empty cask or casses, in figures, and not in letters-, and in case any person shall renaltyfor

0 . r . ... Inn injj or frl-

buy, fell, or expose to sale v.ithm said city or liberties, ];,oC,',t]:.roi any empty cask or casses, not weighed and branded as f aforesaid, every fneh person being thcrcol convified before the said mayor, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer,) or upon the confession of such offender,' shall forfeit the fun: of ten shillings for every caife so bought, fold, or cxpoled to sale as aforesaid, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and fen! of said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to ifine.) and m. case such offender shall not have, goods and chattels sufficient to satisfy such penalty, then such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainpiixt: for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor less than one week, at the discretion of the said mayor; and whenever any cask or casses of butter shall be brought to any of the said weigh-maffers of said city, for the purpose of being weighed, which shall not have the tare branded and marked upon the lidc and bottom of such cade or casses as aforesaid, ,by the said t,raraugiit

to be weigh*

weigh-master or weighmasters, his or their deputy or riepu- cd, which ate tics, that then it shall be lawful for the said wcigli-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, and he l)C l*rip' and they is and are hereby required to canfe such cask or casses to be stripped, and shall weigh and brand the fame in like manner as if such cask or casses had been brought empty to such weigh-house, but they shall not give any allowance for foafeage on any such cask; and it shall be .,

J \\ ii.Ji-maf*

lawful for said weigh-xnaiter or weigh-masters, his or ursmay nk their deputy or deputies, to use any other brand or mark in addition to the above, which the said weigh-master or weigh-masters shall think least liable to be counterfeited,

' £0l8

A.D. 1800.

i8co.

Chap. toe.

Cooper* names and residence on ' calks, penal* ties as herein.

Penalties on

ter for bniu!* :'rt£ calks not made as di-' cdlcdi 01 for branding Alfely.

The Fortieth Year of George-Ill.

and all empty caflc or calks, or calk or calks full of hut-ter, which shall be brought to any of the weigh-houses of said city to be weighed and branded, shall have the name of the cooper who made such calk or calks, and of his- residence, branded in -a legible manner on some conspi-cuons part of it or them; and in case any empty calk or calks, or - calk or calks full of butter, shall be brought to any of the said weigh-houses to be weighed and branded as aforesaid, not having the name of the cooper and of hi; residence branded on it or them, in manner aforesaid, the said weigh-master or weigh-mallers, his or their deputy cr deputies, "is, and are hereby required and empowered to seize and carry such empty caflc or cades, or such calk or calks full of butter before the said mayor, who is here1. empowered and required to enquire into the fame, and if such cask or casks shall, upon examination, inspection, or due proof, appear not to be branded with the mine of said cooper and of his residence as aforesaid. he shall adjudge fuel) empty cask or casks to be forfeited, and the person to whom such cask or casks full of butter shall belong shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every hundred weight of butter which such cask or casks shall contain, and the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to detain such cask or casks full of butter, until such penalty shall be satisfied; and if such penally shall not be satisfied within fourteen days, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to cause such cask or casks of butter to be sold by public auflion, and shall, out of the money for which the same shall be fold, deduct such penalty, and the reasonable expences of such auflion, such penalty to be disposed of as the other penalties to be levied under this act are hereby ordered, and shall pay the overplus to the owner of furh cask or casks of butter; and in case the said weigh-malter or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall weigh and brand any cask or casks not made as herein, or not being of the weight herein after directed, or not having the staves, bottom, and head thereof of the thickness herein after required, or not branded with the name of the cooper and his residence, as herein required, or shall mark or brand any cask falsely as containing more or less than the true weight, such

weigh-

lottj

A.D. 1800.

iSc-o. Chnp; oo.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, being' thereof conviQcd before the mayor of the fan’, city, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible wilncfs or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to ariminister,). shall, for every fitch cask not made or branded as herein is directed, or not being of the weight herein after prescribed, or not having the (laves, bottom, and head thereof of the thiekness herein after required, so weighed and branded by him or them, forfeit the sum of five shillings; and for every cask so marked or branded falsely, the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of fuel offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of faivl mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to iflite )

XI. And be it en-afled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every cask and casks of butter which shall be brought into the said city or liberties thereof for sale, shall, before the fame is (old or exposed to sale in said city ot> liberties, be brought to feme one of the weigh-houses, aforesaid, there to he tried, weighed, and proved by said weigh-mnfler or tveigh-masters of said city, for the time being,- his or their of butter to: deputy or deputies, who is, and are hereby required flri£lly to infnetS the fame: and before he or they mark or biand-"*-

1 ' proved Of

']*:* fame, to see that such butter be merchantable, and in u-eigh-mjf-

ter.

All Bill

rfe any such butter shall not appear to be merchantable, salt! weigh-mnfler or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, are hereby empowered and required to seize the fame, and to carry it, with the person who brought fame to lie weighed, before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the fame, and if fttcli butter shall upon examination, inspection, or due proof, appear to him to he unmerchantable, he shall adjudge the sum- to be forfeited, and if said mayor shall he doubtful of the quality of fuih butter, or if either party require the fimc, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to Uumnon, examine, and hear upon oath, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) two able merchants of said city, in relation to the nature and quality of such butter, that he may be better able to determine concerning the same; and when such butter so 1 2 B 2 brought

1 020

The Fortieth Year of George III.

A D. brought to be weighed purfipnt to this atl, shall appear to

1S00. f weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or

deputies, to be merchantable, said weigh-master or weigh-

masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall and is, and

are hereby required to weigh the fame, and to brand and

abicbutter mark on the bottom and fide of each cask the grots weight

thereof, in figures, and notin numerical letters; and alfj

to brand on the fide of each cask, the word (Cork) and t>

use any other brand or mark in addition to the above which the said weigh-master or weigh-masters fin 11 think least liable

to be counterfeited; and in case the said weigh-master or

weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall make

Casks pit to jjfe of numerical letters in branding any empt? cask or be branded

v.ith mmuri- cisks, or cask or casks fuil of butler, such weigh-mnlrc;

c.*..>..rs. weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies being

thereof convicted by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the said mayor, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered ami required to administer) shall forfeit the Aim of five shillings

for every cask so branded, to be levied by distress and saie

of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and leal of said mayor, which warrant the said mayor

is hereby empowered and required to issue.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or ersons whatsoever shall, in any calk pack up or mis . old butter with new, or use bay salt instead of wltite in packing it, Uuuciim- or greater quantities of salt titan what melts in working it up, and i.upciljr shall bring the same to any of the said weigh-houses, that it may

pac.;id mall

bcl>imyi»t ami ill all be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-inafters cl mayvnwho city for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, and M p.occai he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to seize

:cSt<ck and carry such call; of butter, with the person who brought the same to he weighed, before the mayor of the said city, who is

hereby empowered and required to enquire into the fame, and if such eafk shall, upon examination, inspection, or due proof appear to him to contain old butter mixed with new, or that bay salt instead of white has been used in packing fueii butter, or tha! greater quantities of salt bun what me)ts in ii hath been ufccl in packing it up, lie shall adjudge such calk or calks, with the butter contained therein, to he forfeited; and if said mayor shall be '! , concerning such butter, or if either party require it, the said

I02U

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

ni J mayor is hereby empowered and required to summon, exa- - A.D. mine, and hear upon oath, (which oath the said mayor is hereby i8co. empowered and required to ailmiuifter) two able merchants ofsaid city, in relation to the nature and quality of such butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where-

' paiu to v/trglj-

as the weighing, examining, and branding such empty calk and nailer, calks of liutter arc attended with great expence and trouble, the weigh-master or weigh-master-s of said city, for the time being,

shall have and receive from the perl’on bringing the same to be weighed and branded, the sum of one penny, and no more, fer every such empty' catkfo weighed anil branded, and for weighing and branding the tare on every cask which shall be shipped pursuant to tltis aft one penny; and for the weighing and branding every calk of butter, not weighing more tlran one hundred weight, grids, one penny; and for the weighing anil branding of every caflc of butter weighing more than one hundred weight, gro/s, and not more than one hundred and an half weight, gross, three halfpence; and for the weighing and branding of every caflc of gutter which shall weigh more than one hundred and an half weight, grabs, two-pence; and for shipping every cask of butter pursuant Co this act, one penny; anil that the flu weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, (bail not brand any empty calk, which when full of butter, or rendered bog’s lard, vu'^itotT* may weigh one hundred weight grids, or any calk, which shall be shipped at any of the said weigh-h'oufes pursuant to this act, that when full of butter may weigh one hundred weight, gross, that lhr.il weigh less than twenty pounds, and so in proportion for every calk which when full of butter,'or rendered hog’s laid, may be of a greater or left gross weight; and that upon refuful to pay the above fees-for the aforesaid goods, by the perfor.s biing-ing the same to be weighed, 'it shall and may be lawful for the said iveigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to detain such goods until satisfaction he made according to the true Intent and meaning of this act; and that every calk £. dcti'ir.cii shall have the Haves thereof as nearly of an equal tluckness as may fcrk"> he, and that the head and bottom of such cask shall be of a due #lvtt ihickness in proportion to the size of such calk; anil if any calk f Mimn of butter, which shall be brought to any of the weigh-houses of said city of Cork, shall have the butter packed in it above the rid- },« n,.i die of such calk, such caflc of butter dull not be weighed until "lch|y5fee the fnri’ace of such butter shall be reduced to a level with the Vox., XX. Wt

Bntter for

l »K- to Ik-

brought di-

rvC't'v to

{zU<d-

102 2 The Fortieth Tear-of George III. A.D. 1ower edge of such' riddle; and in case-the tare marked on any 1 "p0- calk of butter- which shall be brought to-any of the weigh-h ni.’es °" of the said city to be weighed-, shall not be in the proportion proporion- aforesaid,-to the-gross weight of-such calk, it shall be lawful for cafits."S*U6'-he said. weigh-master-or weigh-masters, his or their deputy -n.-. deputies, and he and they are hereby required to eraie such tare . from such cad:, and to mark and brand thereon such tare as . shall bear that proportion to the gross weight thereof which by this- aft is required.

XIV. And be it enacted hv the authority aforesaid, That every-cask packed with butter, which shall be brought into the said city, or the suburbs thereof for laic, shall he carried directly to fotneone

of said weigh-houses, which are here!'.}’ declared to be public markets for the buying and selling of butter in calks within laid city, and there be tried,- weighed, and branded before the same shall be lodged in any hotil’e, out-house, cellar, yard, backlidc, or other place within said city or suburbs,-and if any cask packed with butter,'.shall be found lodged in any house, out-house, cellar, yard, backfido,-or other place within said city or suburbs, before tiic fame has been carried to fonte-one of-said' weigh-lmufes, and there tried, weighed, and branded, every such cask of baiter Ibail and maybe seized by the said weigh-mailer or wiigh-mafurs of laid city for the time being,-his or their-deputy or-deputies, and carried before - the mayor of said city, who shall enquire into the

-fame; and if it shall appear iVpGiv.exumin it-iori or proof, 'that such cask of butter was found lodged as aforesaid, before the lame had been carried to flame one oi laid tveigh-houses, and there tried,

Weighed, and branded, it shall be adjudged forfeited.

Wiit-fi-maf- XV- And be it enacted by flic authority’aKucltiicli That the said

weigh-master or weigh-mallers for the time being, of.la.id city, his butter lodged t]le;r deputy 01- deputies, being thereunto authorized by a warrant ara.gUtto a*' under the hand and leal of the mayor, cr a justice of the peace of ytij.ii.hoa.L-. cjt wj]Q ar? ].Cicby empowered and required to grant such warrant upon due information upon oath,(which oath they are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall have power and authority, and is.and are hereby-empowered and authorized at any; time of the day to go and -enter into all such houses, out-houses.

cellars, yards, ba-ckfidcs, -or other places Within said city or the suburbs thereof, where they or either of them shall have just cause to suspect-any cask packed with butter to be lodged, before the fame hath been carried to one of said weigh-houses, and there tri-. ed, weighed, a-.id branded, pursuant to this act, and to search for

ters may ft.aivh ft

The Fortieth Year of George III. 1023

'-such cask, and the same to fecnre and put into one of the said A.D. -said weigh-houses, there to remain until it shall be- disposed of ac- ‘ S°°*

cording to thctrue intent and meaning of this act.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Penalty on carl: or casks of butter shall be tried or bored at any other place, or

lave only at one of the said weigh-houses, or-bought, fold, ores-moled to sale within said city, or the liberties thereof, before the l>raml«l as

> ri]ycC\-d|

fame shall have been duly tried, weighed, and branded, at one of the wci'gh-houses of said city, pursuant to the directions of this net, both the buyer and feller of such cask, or the person or persons so trying or boring such cask or casks of butter, and the per-fnii or-persons' so buying, felling, or exposing to sale such cask or casks of butter, before the fame Hull have been duly tried, weighed, and branded as afoftffnid, being thereof convicted before the mayor of laid city,' by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or-witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to admiuiller) or on the confession Of the party or parties before 'the ibid mayor, ili.ili each of-them forfeit for each, cask of butter so tried, bored, bought, fold, or exposed to tale, the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied by 'distrel’s and tale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and sea! of the said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor Is hereby empowered-and required toilhu-), audio c-afeTuch offender or offenders shall not have goods ail'd chattels sufficient to answer the-laid peniltyor. penalties, such offender or offenders tfiall be committed to the gaol of laid city., by warrant under the hand-and seal-of said mayor, (which warrant he is hereby empowered and-required to iffur) there to lemain without bailor r.iaiupriza for a space of time not exceeding two months, or fer Jess than one week, ;at the discretion of laid inavorj and-if any rr:c.i:v for' person or persons who shall bore any cask or casks of butter with-

ia f.dd city, or the liiierties thereof, shall not return the butter cjv-tyfrom taken otis by 'such boring'into its proper cavity in such cask or w'a Wot. casks, fitch person or persons being' thereof eonviftec! before the said mayor, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness - or-witnesses, (which o.ilh or oaths rile said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer; shall forfeit for every Inch cask the sum of ten- fiddlings, to be levied by dillrcfs and fair of the offenders, goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and foal of said-mayor, (which warrant tie is hereby empowered an] required to issue); and in cale Inch offender or offenders shall ne t Isave goods and chattels fullicieut 'to answer such penalty, then 12 C :. such

10^4 "Yhe Fortieth' Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

such offender or offenders shall be committed by warrant, under i 800. the hand and leal of laid mayot, (which warrant he is hereby emPowered and required to issue), to the giol of Slid city, there t to remain without bail or' main prize for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor Iefs than one week, at the discretion of said maror.

Penalty for XVII.' And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

buying or '

feUing butter all and every person or persons'-vcho flnll either buy or fell

othomTe

than as herein any calk or calks of butter, at any greater or lets tare, or

directed. , ^}a|j. fa]{e or give any greater or.Iefs allowance than the

tare-and allowance for foakage branded on such calk or calks-of butter, or who shall buy any calk or caflcs of but--ter by band, and not by weight, such person or persons so

' buying or selling at a. greater or Iefs tare or allowance than as aforesaid; notwithstanding any contrail between’ them and such person' so buying by hand, and not by weight, on being convicted thereof before the maycrir of said city, by the oath or oaths of one -or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer), or on the confession of the party 0; parties before the said mayor, shall each of :them forfeit the

sum- of ten shillings, to he levied by d’stress and file of the

goods and chattels'offench offender or offenders, by warrant - under the hand "nd seal of- said mayor, (which'warrant the said mayor is-hereby empowered and required' to issue} -, and

in case-such offenderor 'offenders shall not; have goods and . chattels sufficient to answer' the said’penalty -or penalties,

such offender or offenders shall by warrant’under the hind

and seal of the said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor i is hereby empowered-and required to issue), be committed :. to the gaol of- said city,' there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one ’month, nor Iefs than one week, at . the discretion of the said mayor.

Eutitr XVIII. 'And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

-wgfi-mjiaers, That the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city rii^hXP'mim for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, or any (hsUbc'filr. cooper or other person employed in any of the said weigh-feiu-il, nrtSe honfes of said city, or any person in troft for him, them, or

value thereof. /in i

any of them, shall not buy, fell, contract, or treat for any ca{k or calks of butter/ and in case the said weigh-master

or

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

or weigh-raafters, his or their deputy or deputies, such cooper or other person so employed in any of the said weigh-houses, or any person in trust for him, them, or any of them, shall buy, fell, contract, or treat for any calk or calks of butter, the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, such cooper or other person so employed in any of the said weigh-houses, being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses,. (which oath or oaths the mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer), shall forfeit the butter so bought or sold by him, them, or any of them, or by any person in trust for'him, them, or any of them, or the value thereof, to be recovered in like manner as the penalty for buying butter by hand, and not by weight, is hereby directed; and that no person who keeps a public house nor any cooper during the time such cooper shall exercise and follow the trade or mystery of a cooper, or shall employ any apprentice, or other person in making calks for packing up butter, or rendered hog’s lard, for his use, or in trust for him, shall be capable of being a weigh-master or deputy weigh-master of said city, for weighing of butter, tallow, hides, or calf-lkins, within the meaning of this act, any thing in this act, or any former law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall preclude such weigh-master or weigh-mallets, his or their deputy or deputies, or such cooper or other person, from purchasing and having in his possession, one calk of butter at a time, for the use of his or their family or families, and no more.

XIX. And be it er.acted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall attempt to load or put on board any ship, boat, or vessel in the river of the city of Cork, in order to be exported, any calk or cades of butter, or rendered hog’s lard, not marked and branded as by this act is required, it shall be lawful for the land-waiter or land-waiters of said city, or any other revenue officer entrusted with the putting on board any ship, boat, or vessel in said river as aforesaid, any cade or cades of butter, or rendered hog’s lard for exportation, and they are hereby required to seize any cade or cades of butter, or rendered hog’s lard not

no publican or cooper shall be a weigh* mailer or deputy,

weigh-master or deputy, dec. may have one calk of butter.

Cades of butter nr-hog’s lard shipped for exportation, without bsing

branded, shall be fritted, and carried before the mayor,

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

marked and branded as aforesaid, and to carry the fa'me before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the fameand if such ca{k or calks penalty on of butter, or rendered hoe’s lard, shall, upon, examination

revenue offi* 7 of r

cctsforiuffcr-or inspection, or due proof, appear not to be marked and e/cast:s to be branded pursuant to this act, he shall' adjudge such calk or ihmpcd. casks of butter, or rendered hog’s lard,7 to be forfeited, and if any such land-waiter or other revenue officer so rntraded as aforesaid, shall permit or suffer any caflc or casks of butter, or rendered hog’s lard, to be loaded or put on board any ship, boat, or vessel in said river, in order to be exported, unless such cask or casks of butter, or rendered hog’s lard, have been marked and branded pursuant to this act, that then and in every such case, every such land-waiter or other revenue officer'offending therein, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such cask of butter or rendered hog’s lard that shall be loaded and put on board any such ffiip, boat, or vessel in said river for exportation, not marked and branded pursuant to this act, the same to be recovered by civil bill before the justice or justices of assize for said city, in the same manner as civil bills in other cases shall be used and practised. lWtyfcr

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

counterfeiting J

That every person who shall counterfeit or alter the brand or mark of said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the said city of Cork, for the time being, or who shall make any brand, mark, or figure or instrument, for the purpose of counterfeiting or altering the brand, mark, or figure of the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, or any person in whose custody any such counterfeit brand, mark, or figure or instrument shall be found, being thereof in-dided and lawfully convicted at the quarter sessions of the said city of Cork, or any adjournment of the fame, or at the next. general nffizes and gaol delivery, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and be committed to the gaol of said city, until he, ffic, or they, pay the said penalty of twenty pounds, and if he, ffie, or they do not pay the said penalty to the clerk of the peace for said city, or his deputy, within forty-eight hours after such conviction, then such offender 01* offenders shall suffer six calendar

months

or altering v. c!i;h-maff.ct’s brand.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 1027

months imprisonment, to be calculated from the day of A.D. such conviction, and shall in the course of that time Hand p, 1^J0' for the space of one hour in and upon the pillory, between the hour of twelve at noon and two in the afternoon of some market day, to be appointed by the said court of quarter sessions, or any adjournment of the fame, in the street opposite to the gate of some one of the weigh-houses of said city.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Wsigli-shall and may be lawful for the said weigh-inafter or weigh- deputiesmay mailers of said city, for the time being, his or their deputy or ^our.u-rfJjt deputies, and lie and they, and every of them is, and are hereby bnuid*, and empowered and authorized, at any time of the day, to go and «<iu, &e.-enter into all or any such houses, out-houses, cellars, yards, back-lidos, or other places, as lie or they shall have just caul'e to suspect, there to search for such false or counterfeit brand, mark, or ficure or instrument as aforesaid, and lbr all butter or rendered hog’s , lard, casks charged or suspected to be branded or marked therewith, and every person in whose custody any such butter or ren- penalty on dered hog’s lard, cask, charged or iufpedled to be branded or whoni*lurfl* marked with any such false or counterfeit brand, mark, or figure, alt or instrument shall be found, shall, in case the said weigh-maller or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, or any one of them, make oath before the mayor of said city, that he or they verily believe that the lame was not branded or marked by him, them, or any of them, or by his or their orders, or by the orders of either of them, with his or their brand, mark or figure, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit fur every such cask, the sum of ten shillings, so be levied by diilrefs and sale of the goods and chattels of fllclt offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is htreby empowered and required to issue) unless the person in whose custody such cask shall be found, shall prove by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses before the said mayor (which oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) that the fame was regularly branded or marked according to law, and in case such offender shall not have roods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue,) be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one 12 B i month,

1028 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.D. month, nor less than one week, at the discretion of the said

1800. mayor.

Chapel °o. XXIII.' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty for That if any person or persons shall make or have in his, her, or for marking- their possession, any brand, mark, or instrument, for the purpose name7orPetS' branding or marking on any cask or casks, any name pur-piaces of re- porting to be the name of the cooper who made such cask or casks, or to be the name of the place of abode of such cooper, Other than the name of the cooper who actually made the fame, or the name of the actual place of abode of such cooper, every such person being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to blue) j and in case such offender lhatl not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, then such offender shall be committed to the gaol of said city, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue), there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, at the discretion of the said mayor; and penalty on 'if any person shall brand or mark any cask or casks with any Fngtuh such brand or mark, purporting to be the name of the cooper who brand. made such cask or casks, or the name of the place of abode of such cooper, other than the name of the cooper who atlually made the fame, or the name of his actual place of abode, such person or persons being, thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit for every such cask the sum of ten shillings, to he levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such offenders shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, then the said -offender shall be committed to the gaol of the find city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding two months, nor less than one week, at the discretion of the said mayor.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 1029

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if A.D. the weigh-master or weigh-masters of the said city, for the time 1800.

being, his or their deputy or deputies, shall think that any cask or casks which shall be brought to any of the said weigh-houl'es to Calks not be weighed or branded, is or are not made conformable to this so^bi°nt’0 aft, or are not of the weight herein required, or have not the }J"sb^gT staves, head, and bottom thereof, of the thickness herein required, before the that then it shall and may be lawful for said weigh-master or 'S°pIOS weigh-masters, his, or their deputy ot deputies, to ftize such cask as ,"rrat or casks, and carry the fame before ^the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire concerning the lame, and if such cask or casks shall, upon examination, inspection, or due proof before him, appear to be made contrary to law, or not to be of the weight hereby required, or not to have the staves, head, and bottom thereof, of the thickness herein required, he shall order such cask or casks to be favved in two across, and if said mayor shall be doubtful of the quality of such cask or casks, or if any of the parties concerned shall require the fame, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine, and hear upon oatii, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) two able master coopers of said city, in relation to the nature and quality of the lame, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same.

XXV. And whereas great abuses are committed by the wilful dirtying, rimming, flawtering, cutting, and galhing of hides and calf skins; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, ‘that the said Proper weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, for the time being, shall provide lbme clean public place or places, properly paved, and sufticiently roomy, within said city, or the suburbs mait«£ for thereof, with feales, and proper weights and linneys, and that every hide and calf (kin which shall be bought or sold within laid a"d

1 0 where wc»gh-

city, and the liberties thereof, shall be weighed at such public miftcu or diplace orplaccs, and no where else within said city, or the liberties Ju^d. 3 thereof, and that the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall attend at such place or places so appointed, every day in the week, (Sundays, Clmftmas-day, Saint Stephen’s-day, and New-yeafs-day excepted) from eight of the clock in the morning to one in the afternoon, and from two to four in the evening from the twenty-fifth day of December until the twenty-ninth day of September, and from thence to the first day of December from eight o’clock in the morning until one in the evening, and from two in the evening until five, and from the said first day of December until the twenty-fifth day of Decem-

Vol. XX, i; E ber,

' 1630 '--The Fortieth Year of: George III.

A.D. 'bef,--'from eight of the clock in the morning until one in the even-t8oo. ing, and from two-in the evening until four, and then and there Ghapnoo. wejgjj yjg or hides, calf firm or calf skins, as shall be brought thither, and that every hide and cal t (kin shall be weighed at some one of said. places so provided, before the same shall be delivered to the buyer or buyers of the fame within the said city, or the liberties thereof.

Allowance ' in weighing

- hides and

- calf-ikine.

disputes to he 'determined by the mayor.

'-eigh-nhi iters nay cntl/L*

hides, See. to be cleansed, it requited.

fees for etcan- fag-hides, &c.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said weigh-master or weigh'-masters of the city of Cork, for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, shall, in weighing ' such hide or hides, give an allowance to the buyer of four pounds on every green hide, and three pounds on every dried-hide; and four ounces on all calf skins, ov parcels of calf skins, both green and dried, which shall weigh seven pounds,-or under.; eight ounces on all calf skins, or-parcels of calf skins, both green ami dried, which shall weigh more than seven pounds, and not more than fourteen pounds; twelve ounces on all parcels’of calf skins, both green and dried, which shall weigh more than fourteen pounds, and not more than twenty-one pounds; one pound on all parcels of calf skins, both green and dried, which shall weigh more than twenty-one pounds, and not more than twenty-eight pounds, and so in proportion for every greater weight for tare, and shall give such 'further allowance on every hide and every calf skin for dirt, Ikulls, lips, rumps, flefti, fmews, feet, dnlt, and other-filth, as to him or them shall seem reasonable; and.in case any dispute shall happen to arise on such. allowance, or in case the said weigh-master or weigh-niafters, his or their deputy or deputies shall refuse to give any allowance where1 the buyer shall think the fame really due, such dispute or differences shall be determined by the-mayor of said city, which determination ’shall be final to each party, as well buyers as fellers; and it shall be lawful for- said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their de- puty or deputies, it thereunto required by the buyer or feller of any green hide or hides, calf skin or-calf skins, to be (‘pooled, watlied, cleansed, and fuflicictitly drained, and in case it appears upon such examination, that the party objecting to the allowance offered to be made by the said weigh-master or weigh-mafiers, his or their deputy or deputies, for the dirt, skulls, rumps, lips, (left), sinews, feet,- and ether_filth therein contained, had not a just cause for -such objection,' that then the party so objecting, shall pay to the said weigh-master or weigh-mailers, his or their deputy ov deputies,’ three pence for every such hide, and three halfpence for every such calfskin so washed and cleansed, as-arecompence for

his

The Fortieth Year of George III. 1031

his or their trouble:; but if it shall appear that such objection was A; D. well founded, then such recompence shall be paid by the party i.8°o. in whose favour such allowance (if not objected to) would have been.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Buyertar.il said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, for the toh"ent?«d time being, his or their deputy or deputies shall, at the (ime of weighing such hide or hides, calf skin or 1. If skins, enter into a "right of book-to be kept for that purpose, the mines of both the buyer and feller, as well as the weight of such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, and the allowance on the fame, and shall distingidfh each kind' by the initial letter thereof, in their honks, and shall give a copy of such entry to the feller of such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, and that such books shall be open lor the in- books to.be

spedion of all buyers and fellers, their agents or clerks, at all ? reasonable'times, and that the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, buyers imd his or their deputy or deputies, shall not weigh any hides or calf p^,tt"the skins exceeding ten in number, the property of any one person, Wrl£l"nf-v. 11 left; the buyer and feller, or some person or persons appointed by each of them shall be present.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Fccs for the said we:-gh-inafter or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, for the time being, shall have and receive from the party bringing calffl.-iu*. the same to be weighed, for every hide lb weighed one penny, and for every calf skin so weighed one farthing, and no more, and that upon refusal to pay Inch linn of one penny for each hide, or the sum of one farthing for each cali skin, by the party bringing the same to be weighed, it shall and may be lawful for the said woigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to detain such hide or calf skin, until fatiAaclion be made according to this act.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Penalty f..s any person or persons shall buy or fell, within flic city of Cork,

or the liberties thereof, any hide or hides, calfskin or cd; skins, g’:i I1"'" h>'

’ luii'J} or lit

by hand, and not by weight, or at a greater or less tare or allow- (;niiui urUs ance than that entered in the weigh-mafeer’s book aforesaid, Inch i« person or persons so buying or selling, being thereof eonvided '

before the mayor of laid city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible wit nets or v.itneflcf, which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required lo atlminificr, Audi forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten Ihiliings fur every hide, and five Ihiliings for every calf skin so nought or fold, to lie levied by distress and fa I v of the offender’s goods and chattel'., hv war-

1032 The Fortieth Year of George III.

A.' D. rant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, (which warrant 1800, - the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue), and in case such offender or offenders shall not have sufficient-goods and chattels to answer such penalty or penalties, such offender or of-'< fenders- shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said

mayor, which-warrant he is hereby empowered and required to »ffue, be -committed to the gaol of said city, thereto- remain with-

out bail' or'mainprize for afpace of time-not exceeding two

months, r.or 'less than seven days, at the discretion of the said

mayor.

Weigh-maf-

XXX. And be it enacted by the " authority a fore said,

tets oi depti-_J

tic*may enter That the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of: ttidesnd Cork, for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, or wifglKd'in? any or either of themf'being thereunto authorized by warrant entered as under the hand and Teal of the mayor, or a justice of the

<iirc£led. r

: peace or the said city, who are hereby empowered and re-' quired to grant frich warrant, upon-due information upon oath, shall have'power and authority, and is and are hereby empowered and' authorized, at nny timeof' the day, to go

and enter into all -such houses, out-houses, cellar-s, yards, tan-yards, backslides, or other places within' said city or the liberties thereof, where they,-or either of them, shall have cause to suspect aiy hide or hides, calf-(kin or calf skins,

which was-or were weighed at any other -place than one of the said, public places, or-which had been delivered'-to the buyer thereof before the fame had'been'weighed and entered, pursuant to this -act, and to’-fearth for the fame and-theparty in whose house, ont-house, cellar, yard, tan-yard,'back-lide, or other place,- such hide or hides,- calf skin or-calf skins shall be found, being thereof convicted before said mayor or justice by the oath oroaths'of one or more-credible witness or witnesses, which oath or oaths; the said mayor or'justice-is hereby

-empowered and required to administer, -unless he proves be-

fore the said mayor or justice, by- the oaths of two credible witnesses,-which oa'ths the said mayor or justice is hereby empowered and required to admiriifter, that the fame was or were not weighed at any'uther place than at one of said 'public places within the said city or liberties, and was or were duly weighed and entered pursuant to this act, before the Tame had been delivered to the buyer, shall forfeit, for every such'hide, the’sum bf ten shillings 5 and for every such calf

(kin,

The Ftrtht'h Year of George III.

(kin, the Futn of five Shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor or justice, (which warrant the said mayoT or justice is hereby empowered and requited to issue); and in case such offender shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor or justice, which warrant the said mayor or justice is hereby empowered and required to issue, shall be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or main-prize for a space of time not exceeding two months, nor less than seven days, at the discretion of the said mayor or justice.

XXXI. And he >5t enacted by the authority n'forrf.iid,

cult iiont

That if any hide or hides, calf ikin or calf skins, shall be h.-.nn dc-brought to be weighed by the said weigh-master or weigh- h iWici'ami mailers of the city of Cork, for the time "being, his or their

J O the m.iyor.

deputy or deputies, which shall be rimmed or flawtered, or p o.

cf which any part shall be left on any part of the carcafc, "

or which shall not be taken-down fairly in the film between the skin and the flefti, with the round cut at the tail, or which shall have any cut or gash therein sewed up, or which fnsi! not have the (hanks and other offal part taken off whole, it may and shall be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, or for any other person, if the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall neglect or refuse so to do, to seize the fame, and to carry the fame before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the fame; and if such hide or hides, calf (kin or skins shall; upon examination, inspection, or due proof, appear to him to be rimmed or flawtered, or to, have any part thereof left on any part of the curcafe, or not to be taken down fairly between the (kin and the flesh, with the round cut at the tail, or to have any cut or gash therein sewed up, or not to have the (hanks and other offal parts taken oft" whole, he shall adjudge such hide or hides, calf (kin or calf skins to be forfeited; and it' the said mayor shall be doubtful of the quality of such hide or hides, calf (kin or calf fttins, or if either party require the fame, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine, and hear upon oath two skilful persons, in relation to the Vo l. XX. 12 F nature

1034

Chap. roo.

Beef or veal with ficiu flicking thereto shall be forfeited.

Penalties for bringing hides or calf skins with cuts in them, to be weighed.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

nature and quality thereof, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at\y, beef or veal which shall be exposed to sale, or which shall be killed within the city of Cork, or the liberties thereof, shall have any part of the (kin left (licking thereto, it shall be lawful for the market jury of said city, or any of them, and for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, for the time being his or their deputy or deputies, or any of them, and he and they are hereby required and empowered to seize the fame, and carry it before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered to declare the fame forfeited, for the use of the house of industry.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any hide or hides, calf (kin or calf skins, shall be brought to he weighed by the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, for the time being, of the city of Cork, his or their deputy or deputies, which shall have any gaflr cr gafhes, cut or cuts therein, as well in the oft’al as in the prime parts thereof, it shall he lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, and he and they is and are hereby required and empowered to seize the fame, and carry the fame before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire thereinto, and if such hide or hides, calf (kin or calf skins shall, upon examination, inspeiftion, or due proof, appear to him to have any gafli or gallies, cut or cuts therein as aforesaid, the party to whom the same shall belong shall forfeit, for every such hide, a sum not exceeding fifteen shillings, nor leis than one shilling; and for every calf (kin, a suns not exceeding one drilling, nor less than three pence, at the diieretion of the said mayor, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to idiie; and if any hide shall not have its dewlap split, and equally divided down the middle lengthways, or draft have its dewlap in (licking cut across, or draft not have the neck and face (kinned off whole, the feller shall allow, on every fuc’.r hide, one shilling in the price thereof to the buyer, for such ahufe.

Penalty for XX

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That anV person draft cut, without the consent of the owner of such wrbomon-n- hide, or (leal from any hide which draft be carried to he weighed by the weigh-master or weigh-masters, for the time being, of the

city

dewlap to be divided, &c.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

city of Cork, his or their deputy or deputies, the lip, rump, or any other part of the flefti adhering to such hide, such person being thereof convicted before the mayor of laid city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall, by warrant under the hand and seal sf said mayor,

(which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the bridewell of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one week, nor less than forty-eight hours, at the discretion of the said mayor; and it shall be lawful for the said mayor, if it shall appear to him proper, to order such offender to he once privately whipped during the time of such offender’s confinement in bridewell.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That SnitcJiydei the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, for "tj1 the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, shall weigh all failed hides and calf skins, and dried hides and calf skins, l'o often a3 wcij-ii.n-a'. the same shall be fold within the said city and the liberties thereof, and in case any person or persons shall fell within laid city or liberties &<= any hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, salted and made up for sale, or any dried hide or calf skin, tile fame shall be weighed by the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to the person buying such hide or hides, calf llcin or calf skins, whether the fame had been weighed before or not, which said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall allow, on every such hide and calf skin, such allowance as is before directed with respect to green hides and calf skins, and if required by the buyer, shall have liberty to open such hide or hides, calf {kin or calf skins, at the expence of such buyer, and shall, is, and are hereby required, on request of the buyer so to do; and in aitowmcn«o case any dirt, wet flefb, fknlls, lips or rumps, or'more salt b' than is necessary to save the same shall be found in such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall make such allowance for such dirt, wet flesh, fluids, lips, tumps, or salt, as to him or them Hull seem reasonable, which the feller shall be obliged to allow; and in case any dispute shall <Ufpu<« to happen to arile on such allowance, the same shall be deter- uyU,cmr.yor, mined by the mayor of said city, which determination shall

to$6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

be final and conclusive to each party, a’s welt the buyer as 180c. the feller, which weigh-mafteT or weigh-raatiers shall ha-ve receive, for weighing Tuth hides, the'sum of one penny fe«on weigh-for CVery l-i !e To weighed, and the sum of one 'farthing for

ing hides and , e‘ "

calf lkins. every calf tlcm so weighed, and until l.itisfaction thereof the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or

deputies, may detain such hide or hides, calf fldn or calf

thins as aforesaid, and in case any person or persons fiialt

fell or buy within said city or liberties, any hide or hides,

calf fltin or calf lkins salted or dried, which tliall not be

buying ox weighed as herein is provided, such person or persons being

felling felted thereof cor.villed before the said mayor by the oath or oaths

arnlflkiU* of one or more credible avitness or witnesses, which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, thali forfeit, for every such hide, the sum of ten

fhil’ings, and "for every such calf fltin, 'the sum of five fliil-

lings, to be levied by distress and Talc of the offender's goods

and chattels, 'oy warrant -under the hand and Teal of said

mayor, (which warrant lie is hereby-empowered and required to

jMKnflron \ an(| ghat the fltin of every bull, ok, and cow, above

between hides '> 1

aiidcaif ikina. the age of one yc.ar,-shall beefteemed andtak-en to be an hide within the meaning of this aifl, and the fltin of any bull, ox and cow, under that age, shall beefteemed and taken to be a cats fltin.

Penalty-un 'XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, er%nK;«tr# That the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the -city of feiling^hlti" the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, ot

any person or persons in trufbfor him, them, or any of them, shall not buy, fell, contrail, or treat for any hide or hides, 'calf’fltin >or calf fltins, and in -case the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall by him-ftlf, fhcmftlves, or by any person or persons in trust far him, Them, or either of them, buy, fell, contrail, or treat for any 'hide or hides, calf fltin or calf fltins, said weigh master or weigh-master?, his or their deputy or deputies, or either of them "being thereof convi-Ued before the mayor of said city by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath or -oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and' required to administer, shall for c.very hide cr. calf fltin so bought, fold, -con-trailed for, or treated about, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by distress and

' sale

*7'he Fortieth Year of George III.

sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said'mayor,'which warrant he is hereby required and empowered to ilftie. -

XXXVII. And be it enacted b.y the authority aforesaid, That the origimil owner of every green hide or calf skin, Who shall intend to have the fame faked, dried, tanned, or curried within the said city, or the liberties thereof, and every pc'rfon who shall bring any green hide or calf lkin into the said city or liberties, with an intent to have the same faked, dried, tanned, nr curried in said city or liberties, shall carry the fame before the same shall be felted, dried, tanned, or curried'ars-a'foresaid, to cine of the said public places, thereto be weighed and entered in like manner as is provided by this act with respect to green hides and calf Heins, which Until be fold within said city, or the liberties thereof, and shall be subject to all the penalties and forfeitures herein heforo provided with respect to the fellers of any green hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, within the said city, or the liberties thereof, and every person who shall bring any faked or dried hide or calf skin into the said city or liberties, for the purpose of exporting the fame, or having the fame tanned or curried within the said city and liberties, fltali carry the fame before he shall attempt to export the fame, or to tan or curry the fame, to.one of said public places, there to be weighed, as is before herein provided with respect to salted or dried hides and calf lkins, which shall be fold within said city, or the liberties thereof, and shall be subject to nil the penalties and forfeitures herein provided with respect to tile, fellers of failed or dried hides and calf lkins within said city and liberties, and if such original owner of every green hide or calf skin as aforesaid, or every such person bringing any green hide or calf lkin into said city or liberties as aforesaid, shall not cany the fa 1110*10 be weighed and entered as herein is provided, or every such person bringing any salted or dried hide or calf lkin into said city or liberties as aforesaid, shall not carry the same to be weighed as herein is provided, every such offender being thereof conviiled before the'mayor of said city, by the oath or oaths of 011c or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, shall forfcii for every such hide ten fitiflings, and for every fuel’, calf lkin Vol. XX. in C five

Sail tn*j, JrvMijft Uniting and cur. rvinijhidrg

widwlffti.r,.

penally m. owncifc of jjiccii hider and fiins, I.*.-r..»t bringing them tu be weighed, filled or d.i;.,'

hide.

103-8

Fees to be paid on -weighing aifd branding tal*

: !0W.

The Fortieth Year of George ’II'I.

A.D. -five shillings, to be levied by distress and tale of the oT-i8°°. fender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, which warrant he -.is hereby empowered and required’to‘issue.

XXXVIII. And whereas thefmall fee given by the lift recited act for weighing-of tallow has been Tound by-experience not to be a sufficient recompence for the charges the weigh-masters of the -city of Cork are put.to, and the labour requisite in the execution of their office; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the weigh-mailer or weighmasters for the time being of said -.city, foall have and receive from the person for whom the same shall be weighed and branded, for every cask of tallow which shall not weigh more than two hundred weight, gross, the sum of one penny, and no more; and for every other cask which shall weigh more, the sum of one halfpenny for every hundred weight, gross, which it shall, weigh, and no more; and in case the person for whom such tallow shall be weighed, shall refuse to pay the fees aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy of deputies, to detain such tallow Jo weighed, until payment thereof shall be made to him or them, according to the true intent of this act, and (hat every cask for packing of tallow within said city and liberties, which when full, shall not weigh more than two hundred weight, gross, shall be weighed and branded empty, in like manner, and the fame allowance for loakage given thereon, and shall be subject to all the regulations as is herein before provided with respect. to casks for packing butter or rendered hog’s lard, and such cask shall be made of the like -quality with casks for packing- of butter, or rendered hogVlard, and-that - the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his %v ghmaf 01 their deputy or deputies, shall attend at the cellars or stores of tcr»to attend any merchant or chandler within the said city or suburbs thereof, who shall have any tallow, to weigh, and there shall weigh the i; ttores, , fame> such merchant or chandler giving the said weigh-maller or . weighmasters, his or their deputy or 'deputies, twenty-four hours’

notice for that purpose, and the person or persons buying, -felling,

- or exposing to sale, any cask which shall not contain more than two hundred weight for the packing of tallow, dull be subject to all foe regulations and penalties herein provided with respect to Swing or P^ns buying, felling, or exposing to sale, any cask for the pack-k}1-"]8 gall‘51 *n2 hutter or rendered hog’s lard, such penalties to be recover-contain more ed in manner before provided with respect to casks for packing tinn.2 Cwt. gutter, all(] rendered hog’s lard.

uliow.casks

to be brand* cd, fice.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

1039

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

w them in relation to the quality of any goods which shall be The mnj-or

/- i r i t may fine mer-

brought before Inin pursuant to act, and such merchant or c}iant9 or mailer-cooper, or other perfoa, shall uejdedt orrcfule to attend,

or be examined upon such summons, without assigning forthwith when sum-some sufficient or special cause for his not attending, and being examined, every such person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and saie of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and fedl of said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue) and that in all cases where the said mayor by this -act is empowered to commit any offender to the gaol of said city, without bail or mainprize, when the goods and chattels of such offender shall not be sufficient to answer the penalty to which such offender on conviction shall be subject by this act, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to detain such offender in custody until such penalty Hull be satisfied; and if said offender, shall not pay such penalty, or if such penalty shall not be levied as herein is provided, within twenty-fourhours after the conviction of such offender, that then the said mayor shall commit such offender to the gaol of said city without bail or main-prize, pursuant to the several powers by .'this act granted to the said mayor.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when- Sale of ever the said mayor of said city shall declare any cask, butter, hide, orcalf skin, to be forfeited pursuant to the powers given him in this act, lie shall within fourteen days cause the same to be sold by public auction to the highest bidder on the exchange of said city, between (he hours of twelve and two, and that the money for which such cask, butter, hide, or calf skin, shall he fold, shall, after defraying the reasonable expences of such fate by auction, he equally divided, one-half thereof to go to the person or persons application <? who shall have seized such cask, butter, hide, or calf-skin, -"1 h the other half to go to the governors-of the work-house of said Cecity, to be by them applied to the support and imtintcnance of such foundling chilJren as then arc, or thereafter shall be received into laid work-house, or any other house by them used for the reception of such children, and that the penalty of twenty pounds to be paid by offenders convicted at the quarter-sessions of said city,or adjournment thereof, pursuant to this act, shall by the said clerk of the peace

12 G 2

for

1040 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

for said city, or his deputy, after deducing ther.efrom the sum of five shillingSj as a fee to such clerk of the peace for receiving such penalty, be equally divided, one-half thereof to go to the person informing against and prosecuting to conviction such offender, at the said quarter-sessions, or any adjournment thereof, and the other halftogoto the governors of the said work-house, to be by them applied in manner aforesaid; and that every penalty to be levied by distress, for any offence under this ail, shall be equally divided, one-half thereof to go to the party informing against, and prosecuting every such offence, and the other half to go to the goto to per- vernors of said work-house, to be by them applied as aforesaid;

ion levying by J

iiftrefa. and the person to whom the mayor.shall direct his warrant for levying such distress, and who ihalt actually levy such distress, Hull for his trouble have and receive the following fees, videlicet, two >fhil!ings, if the penalty do not exceed forty shillings; one shilling in the pound for every penalty above forty shillings, and not exceeding five pounds; and six pence in the pound for every penalty above five pounds; said fees to be levied on the goods and chattels of the person or persons who shall incur such penalties, in like maimer, as the penalties themselves are by this act directed to be levied; and every penalty which shall be recovered by civil hill under this act, shall go to the party suing for the same.

Penalties

XLI. And be it enacted,. That the deputy weigh-mailers of said goto the ° city shall be, and are hereby directed and required; to receive all ftJue're-' ^llt^ Peni'bics and forfeitures as by this act are to go to the go-emej vernors of the work-house of said city, and dull account quartern and nc- tcrly upon oath with, the court of alllstants cf said work-house for

deduai'n^' ^1C Polities and forfeitures received by them respectively, pa-cmi. deducting five pound;, and so in proportion, as a recompence for 'his trouble,

Penalty on

XLII. And be it coacted by the authority aforesaid, That if hlfefor an-y Per*'on 'vll° fiinh fih the ollice of mayor of the city of Cork,

dj-left. shall, during the time he shall he in such office, or if any jufliee ol

peace for said eitv filall neglect or rcfule to execute any of the powers vested in the mayor or a jo dice of peace of la:,! city by this act, i nch person shall, for every such-offence, forfeit the him of one hundred pounds, to he recovered by action, bill, plaint. cr information, in any ol Ids Majesty's courts wherein no el-foign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, one-half ol laid penalty to go to the perhu filing for the fame, and the other half to go to the governors of the work-house of laid city, to be by them applied in manner a; here-

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

in before-mentioned and provided; provided that such suit be commenced within six calendar months, from the time of such neglect or refusal.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that whenever any empty cask or casks for packing of butter, rendered bog’s lard or tallow, or any cask or casks of butter, or any llitle or hides, calf skin, or calf skins, shall lie seized or brought before the mayor of said city, or shall be adjudged and condemned by him, or whenever] any distress is or shall be taken pursuant to this act, no replevin shall lie, but the judgment of the said mayor shall be final and conclusive; and that if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or troubled for putting in execution any of the powers contained in this act, or for doing any matter or thing pursuant thereto, such person and persons may plead the general issue, and give the J'pecial matter in evidence, and if the plaintiff or plaintiff’s shall be non-suited, or judgment be given against him or them, by default, or upon demurrer, or a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall have his or their treble costs, to be recovered in such manner as where by law cuffs are given to defendants.

XLIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of this ail as relates to the casks in which butter, tallow, or rendered hog’s lard, are to be packed, shall be in force from the passing of this act until the twenty-ninth day of September which shall be in the year one thousand eight hundred twelve, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, ami no longer; and that so much of the last recited act as relates to such casks, shall be in force within the city and liberties of Cork until the said twenty-ninth day of September in said year one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and no longer, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all other parts of this ail shall be in force from the passing of this ail until the said twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the power granted by the said lall recited ail to his Majesty, "his heirs and successors, to appoint one or more person or persons to be weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city, Von, XX. i H shall

1041

A.D. 1800. Chap, ico

No reple-

pcifonj sued for matters done under this act may pic d the general ilTuc.

So much of t!i:s aft as iklitcs to hotter C.lfb\s, &c. shall be in foice until 2y.lt Sept. tSu, am*

1 ml of ncjtt fcQton,

so much of last receited act as relate* to such ca(!:s» shall continue in force in city and liberties of Cork, until 29th Sept. 1812; all other patts of this act shall continue until 29th Sept. ' and end of next session.

His Majesty's power to appoint weigh maf-tci sis continued to f:m<r

:104 a

A.D 1 Roc. "Chap. 100

time; and . fees \j: roccived.-by them,.?s hereby^Ilow-'

'Names and

-numbers of lighters, £;c.

anti of owu-ci&, and per-i.>ns employ, ed therein, and places of abode, to be yuLert'd with :hc jnayor,

amuaVcntrics to be made, oatl security as licit.

i b>;

;>;iin02 and IMMIlblTS to bu yiiui.tl,

'.The Fortieth Year 5/' George III.

shall be ’continued and extended to the end of the session 6- parliament herein la'ft mentioned,--and no longer; and that such -weigh-rinafter or.weigh-masters shall be entitled, during the continuance of this act, to have and receive all such fee or fees as the weigh-matter or veigh-masters of the said city-are entitled-to have and receive-by this a<tt, - and shall be subject to all the regulations herein contained.

XLVL. And whereas much injury arises to the trade of -the- said city of Cork, from the want of fufiic.icnt and proper regulations.for the ordering and government of the owners a-nd matters of lighters; -boats, and other vessels plying for-Lire on the-river 01 Cork, and within the harbour of laid city, add of the lighter men, and other, persons employed therein; wherefore, and for the other persons -herein after mentioned, -be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it'shall not be lawful for any lighter, boat, or other vessel, to be used or employed, or to ’ ply lor hire o.'i’.the river of Cork, or-within the harbour of said city, for the purpose of loading or unloading any- ship or vessel lying in the ltiiil1 river, or-within the’laid harbour,-for the conveyance of any goods, wares, or merchandizes, from one-part of laid river or harbour to ’another, before the name and number of the lame, together with the name or names, and place or places of rehdeecc of the owner and owners, and of the matter of every such lighter, boat or vessel, and-alto the name and place of abode of every man who shall be employed by them on board such lighter, boat or vessel, (ball-hare been entered in a r.egiftry, to be kept for that purpose by the mayor of the said city of Cork for the time being; which entry shall be annually made, and -before sufficient fccu-rity-ibail have been entered into by the owner or owners of such iigi)tcr,’-boat or vefie!, by bond or obligation, payable to the said mayor, for the sum of'two hundred pounds, with two such fuf-iicient securities in' the sum of one hundred pounds each, (such securities to beresidents of the city of Cork), for the due and -fauhful'delivery of all goods, wares and merchandizes which shall be at any time put on board, or entrulled to such lighter, boat dr vessel, without wilful damage or embezz.lement of such -goods, wares and merchandizes, or-any part thereof, by such owner or -owners,- or by the matter, or any person belonging to, or employed in such lighter, boat, or vessel.; and before the name and number of such lighter, boat or vessel shall be painted in large and legible charadkrs on fojr.e cenfpicuous part of such lighter,

boat

The 'Fortieth Fear of ' George III. J04

boat or vetted; and if any lighter, boat or vessel, Hull be so A.D. tiled or employed, or shall ply for hire as before mentioned, before the entry in suchregiftry shall 'nave been made, and the security aforesaid ilia! have been entered into, and the name and number lb painted, the owner or owners of inch lighter, boat or vessel, Hull for every iueh offence, being 'thereof convicted upon a luminary hearing before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses; which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to adirri-jiifter, or by confession of the party or parties forfeit the sum of Fcnalj)% ten pounds, to be levied by distress and fate of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor.

XLVII. And be it enadeu by the authority aforesaid, That iioiduo every lighter, boat, or- vessel, which shall be so used or cm- cureJU -ployed, or shall so-ply for hire, shall be well fitted, and shall have her hold well and sufficiently secured by proper bulk heads, to r.ieyent any embezzlement or plunder of the goods, wares, and merchandizes which Ilia'll he (lored and deposited therein; am! if any lighter, boat, 'or vessel, shall be so used or employed, or shall so ply for hire, which shall not be fitted and secured as herein provided, the owner or owners of such lighter, boat, or vessel, shall, for every futh offence, being thereof cor.vided ca a fmnmary 'hearing before the said mayor, on the oath 01 oaths of one or more credible witnessor w Hnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer; or by the confession of the parry or parties, shall forfeit the film of ten pounds, to he levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and leal of said mayor.

XLVIII. And be it enacted by tiic authority aforesaid, That Pmaliy lor no person shall act as matter or mariner on board any such lighter, ^‘"S>s"a('

‘ yo» ter or man*

boat, or vessel on said river, or within the said harbour, before ncrbcl'orc Lis name and place ol residence shall have been duly entered in pYaceof ir-the registry aforesaid; and every person who shall load, without "

being so registered, or who shall give into the said mayor a false itamcor place.of residence, shall, for every such offence, being thereof tonvided on a luminary hearing before tile fail! mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer), or by the confession of the party or panics, forfeit a Ann not hl’s than forty shillings, nor more than five pounds, at the difere-12 II 2 tion

3044 ST/Se Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1ion of the said mayor, to b-e levied by distress and file of the

1S00. offender’s goods and chattels, by "warrant under the hand and Chap, ioo £aj t|ie ca-1(j mayor and in case Inch offender shall not have goods sufficient to satisfy such penalty, then-it shall be lawful for said mayor, bywarrantunderhis hand and feat, to commit fudh of- fender to the gaol or houfi of correction of said' city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not kfs than one month, nor more than three months, at the discretion of said mayor.

Pena.tyoa

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tlrcf armaf" That if the owner or owners, or mailer of any such lighter, boat iiyhtcv'&c. or vessel. Avail refule to hire out such lighter, boat, or vessel, to

fnr restlfinsr to .... r

l.im out fitch be used or-employed as aforesaid, to any person applying for the i:gh.ei, ac. famC) tmiefs such lighter, boat or vessel Avail, at the time of such application, be actually and bma Jidc engaged to some other person for the like'purposes, the proof of which engagement shall rest upon and be made by such owners or mailers respectiveiv, every person so offending Avail, for every such offence, being thereof convicted on a summary hearing before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer, or by the confeftlon of the party or parties, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by distress and saie of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and sea! of the fa«l mayor; and in case the said owners or mailers, or any other person having charge of such lighter, boat, or vessel, being so convicted, thall not have goods sufficient to answer fitch penalty, then it shall be lawful for the said mayor, by warrant unde, his hand and seal, to commit such offender to the gaol or house of correction aforesaid, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time- not exceeding three months.

*-«> L. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall prices to be be lawful for- the court of general quarter sessions of the peace to craandmaf- holden for said city, and county of said city (the recorder of tera, and to faj(j cjty or hia-deputy being present,) from time to time, at each

lightermen, * ' 0 '

shall be regw- and every, or any lemons to be so holden from and after the passing this act, or at any adjournment thereof, to ascertain, -aKe> of m- order, and regulate the several rates, fares and prices to be paid to labourers, the said owners and mailers respectively, and to the lightermen and others employed in the said lighters, boats, and other vessels, as well for the freight for hire thereof as for the wages of the fail mailers, lighterman, and other persons so employed therein, and

in

The Fortieth Year of George III. 104.5

and in like manner at each and every, or any sessions, from timeA.D.

to time to be so holden, or any adjournment thereof, to ascertain, 1S00.

order, and regulate the wages to be paid to every ma.son, carpen-

ter, stator, cooper, and every artificer and labourer whatsoever,

whether working by the day, or otherwise, for hire in the said city,

and from time to time, either to raif’e or to tliminish all such rates,

fares, prices, and wages, as to the said court in its discretion Until Pr.‘"?

1 0 7 4 Tailed it di-

seem meet, always having regard to the prices which the neccf- miniihcd, at. farics of life shall then bear, and that every such order, adjustment, anti regulation, (Itall be in force until a new order, adjustment, and regulation shall be made by such court of sessions, or at so:nc adjournment thereof, apv law or flatuteto the contrary notwithstanding; and that the said owners and mailers respectively of tltc,.lighters, boats, and vessels aforesaid, and the said lightermen, and all others employed therein, and also all and every the tradesmen, artificers, and labourers ..herein before mentioned,

/lull take and receive fuel] sums of money to be so ordered, ascertained, and regulated, and no more, and fit all work and labour accordingly pursuant to uhe true , meaning of this aift, on . pain of being imprifpncd at :t|ie discretion of the said court of quarter sessions, for any time , not exceeding three months, upon person who conviction of the offender, on a fnminary hearing at the said court of quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, which oath the fail colirt is hereby authorized to administer, or by the confession. of the offender.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pennltyfcr if any owner or owners, or master of any lighter, boat, or vessel, ctivii’g rnmc shall receive more, or any person shall pay more for the use and employment of such lighter, boat, or vessel, than the rate of hire fw the use of and payment so settled at the said sessions, or any adjournment thereof, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, being thereof confided on a summary hearing before the said mayor, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the find'mayor is'hereby authorized to administer), or by the confession of the party or parties, forfeit a film not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor.

Lit. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty for if any person or persons shall hire or employ any journeyman, ar» j^eymiu* tificer, or tr.ulefman, who docs not produce to laid person or per-

VOL. XX. 12 I Tons

xo$6 The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

fons, at the time of such hiring or employment, a written dif-

1800. charge under the hand of the perfomby whom such artificer or

Chap^oj1 tradesman had 'been last--employed, every such person so offending from his ltd shall, for every such offence, being thereof convicted on a sum-

rmploycr. niary hear'uig before the said mayor, by the oath or oaths of one

or more credible witness orwitneifes, (winch oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to'adiriinifter,) or by the confession of the party, forfeit-any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be levied by diltrcfs and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor.

Penalty for

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That p^vc^a written if any -person -who fnali have-employed; any such journey man ar-fhet'meof r'ificer)’ or-tradefinan, shall, at the time of discharging him, refuse discharging to give -him such such written discharge on the fame being demand-a journeyman. every person so offending shall, for every such offence,

being thereof duly convicted before the said mayor, by the.oath or oaths-of one or more credible'wittiefs or wiuieffes, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is-hereby empowered to administer), or by the confesston of the party, forfeit any sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, according to the diferetton of the said mayor,

: to be levied by dill-refs-and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under tiler hand and seal of said mayor.

LIV. ’And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That may b= aiztd jt may and shall be lawful to and for the said mayor, by penalties. -warrant under his hand and seal, to seize on and detain any ..lighter, boat, or vessel, the owner or owners of which shall have incurred any penalty under this act, and in case such penalty, and the expenres attending such seizure and detention be not fully, discharged and satisfied within ten days -from the day of such seizure, then it shall be lawful for such mayor, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the same to be sold 'by public cant, and out of the money arising from such falc, he shall -first satisfy the penalty and expences attending such seizure and falc, and then pay over the surplus of such money, if any there be, to such owner or owners, and in case the owner or owners of any lighter, boat or vessel, which shall he -used or employed, or shall ply for hire on the said river, and within the said harbour, contrary to this act, -cannot be known or discovered,- then it shall be lawful for the said mayor, by warrant under his

hand

The Fortieth Year of George III.

1047

hand and seal, to seize, detain, and fell such lighter, A.D. boat, or vessel, in manner herein before mentioned, and he shall, out of the money arising from such sale satisfy such penalty or penalties, which such owner or owners should be liable to in case he or they had been convicted under this act, and also the expences attending such seizure and detention, and fiull pay

f . ot furjijus

over the surplus, if any there be, to such person or per-auerfaieot' fons as shall appear to him to be entitled thereto, and in case no person shall claim such surplus within I"1’1

r 1 bd found.

three months after such sale, then the said mayor shall pay the said surplus to the trustees of the North Charitable Infirmary, and of the South Charitable Infirmary, to be equally divided between them, fhure and time alike, for the use of the said charities, and on every transfer of the property in each lighten boat, or veil'd, the same shall be duly entered in the regiflry aforesaid.

LV. And be it further cnadied by the authority aforesaid, Persons That all and every person and persons who shall or may aprinSS offend against this act, thall and may, as well as all other persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her a» testimony and evidence as a witness or witnesses on behalf of the prosecutor or informer, upon any complaint to be made, or exhibited under this act, and that in all such cases every person having given his or her testimony or evidence as aforesaid, shall be, and hereby is indemnified of, from, and against any information to be laid, or profeention to be commenced against him, her, or them, for having offended in the matter wherein, or relative to which he, file, or they shall have given testimony or evidenoe as aforesaid.

LVI. And for the more effectually enforcing and carry- ri,e m,vcl ing into execution the provisions of this act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on complaint and api>n-iK.mi

r , ' . offenders

information on oath before the said mayor, of any offence n^iinii iids having been committed against this ndt, the said mayor is r'J'°n j'

hereby authorized and required to summon the person or 5f,crLcl"v

4 1 fiiminoticd

persons charged with being an offender or offenders against this act, to appear before the said mayor at a certain time and place, to be specified, and if any person or persons so

1 a I ? summoned.

Chap. ioo.

' Warrants

mav W issued without sum--ir.ons.

' Mayor to proceed as lieie-

With^RV«

ftimmotied who do not attend and give evidence, may be committed.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

summoned, shall not appear according to such summons, then the said mayor, proof on oath, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer,) having been first made ‘ before him, of the service of such summons upon such person or persons by delivering the same to him, her, or them personally, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, shall make and issue his warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons so summoned, and not appearing as aforesaid, and for bringing him, her, or them before said mayor; and it shall also be lawful for the said mayor if he shall think fit, without issuing any previous himmons upon such complaint and information on oath as aforesaid, to wake and issue his warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons by such information, charged to have offended against this act, and to bring him/her, or them before such mayor, and upon the person or persons complained agairtft appearing upon such summons, or being brought by virtue of such warrant or warrants before such mayor, then such mayor shall, and is hereby authorized and required forthwith to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to proceed thereon according to the several provisions of this act.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall he lawful for the said mayor, before whom any such complaint and information shall be made as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the request of any of the parties to issue his summons to any witness or witnesses to appear within the space of twenty-four hours, and give evidence before such mayoV at the time and place appointed for hearing and determining such complaint, and which time and place shall be specified in such summons, and if any person or persons so summoned to appear as a witness or witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such mayor at the time and place specified in such summons, or shall not give a sufficient exctise for his, ’her, or their default, or if any person or persons appearing according to'such summons, shall not submit to be examined as a witness or witnesses, and give his, her, or their evidence, before such mayor, touching the matter of such complaint, then and in -every such case it shall be lawful for

such

The Fortieth Year of George III. 1049

such mayor, and he is hereby authorizid (proof on oath A.^ D. which oath the said mayor is hereby a-i.tthori.zed to arimini-iter, in the case of any per fen not appearing according t> such summons, having been fit it marie before the lad mayor of the due service of ktvlt summons oil ever.1 'such person, by delivering 1! c f>me to him, her, or them, or by leaving the !..mc it his, her, or their v.lu ;i! place of abode) by vvarr.mt tinner me hand of such mayor, 10 commit such person or persons lo making default in appearing, or appeiring and ri-tuiing to give, evidence to the gaol or honk- of correction of laid city, there to remain without hail or mainprise, until inch person or prisons fluid tubmit hinife'ti, hcrtrll, or liicmselves to be examined, and give his, her, nr their evidence, touching all matters tinder this a cl, before such mayor f.s ufoiesaid.

LVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said mayor Jim 11 at all times keep a fair and regular regiflry as herein before required, and

that for every entry made in such rcyiffry he shall Mayor ta

J keep a fan

receive the sum of five shillings, and no more, and rejifln-, IV that the said regiflry shall be con cl u live evidence of try V " lrch ail things contained in it relating to all matters andn,al1 st: regulations contained in this act, and that all penal- Rofilry (Ml

ties levied under this act shall be disposed of equally i\TOhictto to the use of the trustces of the North Charitable Infirmary, """jj and of the South Charitable Infirmary. euricr.

LIX. And whereas it frequently happens, that the goods, wares, and merchandizes put on hoard such lighter, boat, or other vessel, for the purpose of conveyance, are plundered, (lolen, or purloined, by personss on board such lighter, boat, or other vessel, and it is always difficult, and some-

times impossible to identify such goods, wares, and merchan- lVnihyoa

dizes ft) plundered, llolen, or purloined, so as to convict mXrof.-i the offenders; be it further enacted by the authniity afore-JJs,lt'r>j?n said, that if any quantity of goods, wares, or merchan- wln'ch g.rads dizes, of a kind similar to those put on board such lighter, B,‘i,c,inac. boat, or other vessel for conveyance as aforesaid, fnnll be rc"hal’

Icispicofi*

found in any part of fuel: lighter, boat, or other vessel, «nvtiwr separate from the goods, wares, and merchandizes so put on faitly conic

Vol. XX. )2 board, b>-

«x>5°

A.D. 1R00. Chap.ior.

Penalty where goods similar to any put on board lighters, &c. shall be found in possession of personss-belonging to such lighters, unless proof ii.inadc that inch hor.cftly 'orne by-

The Fortieth Year of George III.

"board, or if any package, empty or full, broken or whole, similar to-any of the packages in which any such goods, -wares, or merchandizes shall be packed, shall be. found ip :any part of'fat'd lighter,'boat, or other vessel, in manner before mentioned, 'that it shall be lawful for the mayor of "the city of Cork, and lie is hereby required by his warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the owner or mailer of such lighter, 'boat, or other vessel, to be brought before ;him,-and on due proof before the said mayor, on a summnry hearing, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor i. -hereby-empowered to administer) of any quantity of goods. -warcs, or merchandizes, or any package being found on -board furll lighter, boat, or other vessel, in manner and under the circumstances herein before expressed, fuel) owner or nailer thrill forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than forty shillings, to be levied on the goods and chattels of such owner or mailer, by warrant under the hand and seal of tile said mayor, and for want of sufficient goods and chattels to satisfy such distress, then it may be lawful for said mayor, by warrant under his hand and seal, and lie is hereby required to commit such owner or matter to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize lor a space not more than lix months, or less than three months; provided always, that if satisfactory proof be made before the said mayor, that the goods, wares, or merchandizes, or packages so found, were not part of the goods, wares, or merchandizes, or of the packages so put on board such lighter, boat, or other vessel, for the purpose of conveyance as aforesaid, but that the fame were honcllly and fairly come by, in such case the said mayor shall dismiss the said owner or mailer of such lighter, boar, or other vessel.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any quantity of goods, wares, or merchandizes, similar to those put on board such lighter, boat, or other vessel, shall be found on the person, or in the possession of any person belonging to, or employed in such lighter, boat, or other vessel, it shall be lawful for the person so finding-such goods, wares, and merchandizes, to carry

The Fortieth Year of George III. 1 Cj'

such person before the mayor of the said city of Cork, and A on satisfactory proof being made before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witness-cs, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby authorized to administer) of the finding such goods, wares, or merchandises on the person, or in the possession of such person, then it shall be lawful for the said mayor, and ire is hereby required (unless such person shall produce to the said mayor satisfactory proof that the goods, wares, or merchandizes so found, were no part of those put on board such lighter, boat, or other vessel, but that the fame were fairly and honestly come by, by every person) to adjudge such person in forh it the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied by difirefs and fa!e of such person’s goods and chattels, by warrant unde the hand and seal of said mayor; and in case there shall not he goods sufficient to answer such distress, then the said mayor shall by warrant under his hand and seal, commit such person to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding the space of six months.

LXI. And whereas it frequently happens, that several . penaI.VOr quantities of -goods, wares, and merchandizes are fiolcn hhnnro*«

1 , w rr I r n porters, or from lighters, boats, and other vends, and from the stores, journeymen, (hops, and cellars of the merchants and traders of the city Mo.l'good^ i-f Cork; and whereas it is frequently impossible to identify such goods; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be found, un-That if any labourer, porter, or_ journeyman tradesman, n,chwcrc*' employed in any warehouse, (hop, or cellar, or any jour-.levr.ian manufacturer, or any other person not usually trading in such goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall have r:i his or her possession any such goods, wares, or merchandizes, such labourer, porter, journeyman, or other person being thereof convicted on a summary hearing before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby authorized to administer) unless such labourer, porter, journeyman, or other person as aforesaid shall prove that such goods, wares, or merchandizes so found on him or her, were honestly and fairly come by, such labourer, por-er, journeyman, or other person, shall forfeit the sum of i: K ? twenty

i°5a

A D.

1800. Chap.: or.

h pcMV

Governors of work* house are hereby rin» pawciul to

lieenfe |x*r-fons who keep hackney coaches, port ciuiifcs, chairs, or sedans, and to limit the number thereof.

The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

Uvefify pounds, to he levied by distrcls and file of {ho goods and chattels of such labourer, porter, jxitneyitian, or other person as aforesaid, by warrant under the hand ami fail of the said mayor; and in case stich labourer, porter, journeyman, or other person as aforesaid, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels to anftvcr such r.iftrofs, then ;lu said mayor'shall, by warrant under his hand mid seal, c ),n-rait furh labourer, porter, journeyman, or other pei fi.i as aforesaid, to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time, not exceeding the fence c: six months.

LXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforef.ii;:, That this afi shall, in-ail courts and place-, be deemed and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken n lire of as such by all judges, justices, and courts, without facially pleading the same.

LXIII. And whereas doubts are entertained whether under any law or laws now existing, the governors of t!'.e. work-bnufe of the city of Cork have at present a power t? grant licenses for, or to limit the number, or to male-.: regulations for the government of any coach, pofi-chaise, c!r..i.\ or sedan, or of the keepers, drivers, or carriers of the fame plying for hire within said city or the liberties thereof, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the governors of the work-house of the said city, fifteen at least being present, shall, and are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, and at all times for ever hereafter, under their common leal, to license for the term of twenty-one years from the date of each licensc, all such person or persons as fli.ill keep, drive, or carry any hackney coaches, port ehaifes, chairs, or sedans, or any hackney coach, post chaifc, chair or sedan plying for hire within the said city of Cork, or the liberties tlicieof, and also from time to time, for ever hereafter, to - limit the number of such coaches, post ehaifes, chairs ami sedans, in such manner as the said governors of the said work-house shall think proper, and that every such hackney coach, post chaise, chair and sedan, plying for hire within the said city of Cork, or the liberties thereof licensed pursuant tO'this act, and the keeper, driver, or carrier of every

The Fortieth Year of George III. 1053

such hackney coach, post chaifc, chair, fcdan, shall, in all A.D. respedis be subject to the fame regulations, and entitled to Iu°0-the fame privileges, and the governors of the said work-house shall have the fame powers and authorities over them, R<*jruiations

ltld pOWCfa to

and for the government and regulation of them, as are pro- w lame a« by vided, enacted, and expressed in and by an act of parlia- c^'Yaim ment made in the first year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for the more eafiy and equal afieffing and ap- 3 plotting all money frefented by the grand jury of each affixes, to be held for the city and county of the city of Cork, and for putting the coaches, chaises, chairs, and Jedans that ply for hire in the said city under the like regulations, for the benefit of the work-houfie of Cork, as they are in Dublin, and also fr the better regulating the harbour of Cork; and also by one other act of parliament made in the third year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending certain temporary statutes heretofore made for the better regulation of the city of Cork, and for enlarging the salary of the treasurer, and for the better regulating the Jale of coals in the said city, and for - eroding and continuing lamps in tin fame, and for the better preserving the freels and highways therein, and for confirming and establishing a court of confidence in the find city, and for regulating the ajfixe of bread therein, and for facing the quays by parapet walls, whereby the fin'd first mentioned act, with the everal claufies therein contained, was made perpetual, with the amendments and explanations in said lait mentioned act contained with respect to hackney coaches, post chaises, chairs, and sedans, and the keepers, drivers, and carriers thereof, licensed as mentioned in the said acts, or either of them.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after n,.

’ hfCOVffJ

the passing of this act all the penalties or forfeitures to be "f

1 or for UiturcJ

incurred by any owner, keeper, or driver of any coach, incurred hf post chaise, or other chaise or horse chair within the said ci- X'"tr*of ty or the liberties thereof, as mentioned in the said above recited act, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be recovered before the governors of the said work-house, or before any five or more of them, and be levied by them, or any five or more of them, in like manner as is provided with respect to penalties incurred under the

-ropj. The Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800.

before receited act, made in the first year of the reign of his Cha^ioo Majesty’ ant* ’before -no other person whatsoever, any

-Kr—, thing in the find recited aQs to the contrary notwith-abtidgethe Ending:} and that nothing herein contained shall abridge, powCTMrf or 'be construed to abridge, leftTen, or diminish the power*

governors of r

work-house, -or authorities by the said recited acts of the first and third

of his present Majesty, given or granted to the governors of the work-house of the said city, or any of them, for the purposes therein respectively mentioned.

THE END OF THE TWENTIETH VOLUME.

