THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND:

FROM

The Third Year of Edward the Second, A.D. 1310.

TO THE

Thirty-ninth Year of George the Third, A.D. 1799. inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

NINETEENTH VOLUME.

DUBLIN.

THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENT

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XIX.

CONTAINING

All the Statutes that have passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of George the Third.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. Mdccxcix.

THE

CONTENTS

OF THE

NINETEENTH VOLUME.

The Thirty-ninth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

AN Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. Page 1

CHAP. II.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom. 5

CHAP. III.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Sixth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections prevailing in several Parts of this Kingdom. Page 10

CHAP. IV.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases; and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served or are serving in Foreign Armies; and for continuing another Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His pressent Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making and removing, selling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition without License; and also for continuing several Statutes therein recited, for more effectually suppressing insurrections and preventing the Disturbance of the public Peace.

CHAP. V.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. 13

CHAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. 51

CHAP. VII.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the Officers of his Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned; and for granting unto His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for other Purposes. Page 72

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for granting For one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 87

CHAP. IX.

An Act for the Division of the Barony of Idrone, in the County of Carlow. 167

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom. 168

CHAP. XI.

An Act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still unhappily exists within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same. 176

CHAP. XII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, for one Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire-Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the same during the said Term. Page 180

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this and the United States of America. 184

CHAP. XIV.

An Act to enable all Ecclesiastical Persons and Bodies, Rectors, Vicars and Curates, and Impropriators, and those deriving by, from, or under them, to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Years One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, against such Persons as were liable to the same. ibid.

CHAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties on Dwelling Houses inhabited, according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein respectively. 195

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for the further Amendment of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Entitled, An Act for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of small Debts in a summary Way at the Sessions of the Peace at the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large. Page 206

CHAP. XVII.

An Act for extending to the County of Waterford, the different Laws passed in this Kingdom for erecting, establishing, and regulating of Public Infirmaries or Hospitals. 208

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law. 211

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for the Repairing of Cathedral Churches in Cases where the Parish Churches have been long in Ruins. 212

CHAP. XX.

An Act to continue an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, An Act to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Male Servants, and to secure the Payment thereof, and for the better Collection of the Duties on Fire-Hearths and on Coaches and other Carriages. 214

CHAP. XXI.

An Act to continue An act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and Securing the Duties payable thereon. 215

CHAP. XXII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco. Page 215

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting additional Duties on Beer, Ale, and Spirits imported into this Kingdom. 216

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend and continue an Act passed last Session of Parliament, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom, and on Paper, printed, painted or stained in this Kingdom, to serve for Hangings or other Uses. 217

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury in England a Sum not exceeding the Sum therein mentioned, as a Loan, in Part of the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for securing the Interest and Charges thereon, and for raising by Loan a further Sum towards the said Supply, and to exempt from certain Duties such Persons as shall have paid such voluntary Contribution as therein mentioned. 221

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to explain and amend the several Acts now in Being for the empowering the Commissioners of Barracks to provide Barracks and other Accommodations for His Majesty's Troops within this Kingdom, and for the better enabling them to proceed in their Marches. Page 223

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar. 225

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act for quieting Corporations. 226

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, An Act for continuing and amending the several Acts for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom. 227

CHAP. XXX.

An Act to further explain and amend the Laws now in Force relating to the Militia of this Kingdom. 228

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for empowering His Majesty for a Time, and to an Extent to be limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain, or elsewhere in Europe. 230

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned on Sweets or Made Wines, Mead and Vinegar, and for securing the Collection thereof. Page 232

CHAP. XXXIII.

---

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eight* Year of the Reign of His Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown Rents, and other Rents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Years One thousand six hundred and forty-one, and One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of in such Manner and under such Provisions as are therein mentioned. 237

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt. 240

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties and additional Duties on the Licenses therein mentioned. 242

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain, amend, and extend the Provisions of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to prevent Persons from returning to His Majesty's Dominions, who have been or shall be transported, banished, or exiled on Account of the present Rebellion, and to prohibit them from passing into any Country at War with His Majesty. Page 244

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act the better to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of Gunpowder within this Kingdom. 247

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the Government and Management of the House of Industry, for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin, under the present acting Governors thereof, and also one other Act passed in the same Year, Entitled, An Act for the better Management of the Work-House and Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 249

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better Collection of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned and dressed in Oil, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing of Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue therein. 250

CHAP. XL.

An Act for granting to His Majesty Duties on License to sell Spirituous Liquors and Meteglin, and for continuing the several Laws for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors. 267

CHAP. XLI.

An Act to amend and continue an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties on home-made Spirits. Page 270

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned, on the several Kinds of Paper therein mentioned, imported into, and made in Ireland, and for amending and continuing an Act passed last Session of Parliament, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein. 275

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties therein mentioned on Goat Skins exported. 284

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted, or may omit inadvertently, to pay certain Stamp Duties therein mentioned, on Deeds or other Instruments. 285

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of Husbandry, and other useful Arts. 286

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and for altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Presentments. Page 287

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville, in the County of Cork, and for repealing the several Laws heretofore made relating to said Road. 290

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum. 316

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the more effectual Support of the Families of Militia Men. 322

CHAP. L.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Fifth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriffs, and other Officers, to make the Returns therein specified. Page 325

CHAP. LI.

An Act to revive and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Inland Fisheries of this Kingdom. 347

CHAP. LII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the turnpike Road leading from the City of Cork to the Brook which bounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary near the Foot of Kilworth Mountain, and for repealing the several Laws heretofore made relating to the said Road. 330

CHAP. LIII.

An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to His Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making wide and convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages in the City of Dublin, for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them. 364

CHAP. LIV.

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar. Page 377

CHAP. LV.

An Act to promote the Building of New Gaols. 380

CHAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City; and also to amend one other Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City, and for remedying the Abuses committed by Pawnbrokers within the District of the Metropolis, or three Miles thereof. 382

CHAP. LVII.

An Act for the Relief of Uncertified Bankrupts. 398

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits. 400

CHAP. LIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty's Forces, under Orders Of March, to pass through Turnpikes and over Bridges, Toll free. Page 401

CHAP. LX.

An Act for the better Regulation of Stock Brokers. 402

CHAP. LXI.

An Act to revive and continue the several Laws relating to the curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom. 405

CHAP. LXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be issued with Respect to the Killing of Game. 410

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the forging of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, or any Acceptance, Asignment, or Indorsement thereof, or any Acquittance or Receipt for Money or Goods; and also for preventing the forging of the Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Notes, and the Bills of Exchange of the said Governor and Company, called Bank Post Bills. 418

CHAP. LXIV.

An Act for raising the several Sums therein mentioned, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the Issue of so much thereof as hath been granted to defray the Expence of the regular and Militia Forces on the Establishment of Great Britain, employed in this Kingdom, and for defraying the Expence of defeating any Enterprise or Design of the common Enemy. Page 426

CHAP. LXV.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into Losses of such of His Majesty's loyal Subjects as have been Sufferers in their Property during the subsisting Rebellion in this Kingdom, and for providing a Fund for rewarding in Manner therein Persons who have rendered Service by Discoveries of Traitors. 431

CHAP. LXVI.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein. 437

CHAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same. 454

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. I.

AN Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Monday the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

---

WHEREAS it is necessary that provision should be made for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in this-dringdom for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad- E«i‘ircd vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall issue in money the sums required, to the agent" t>r agents, or clerk or clerks of such regiments or battalions of militia, as shall be raised, which he is to apply In the manner, and for the several uses herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar months in advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each adjutant, from the date of his commission, where an adjutant is appointed \ and at the rate of one shilling and one penny for each serjeant from the date of his enlistrnent, with the addition of two shilling* and 6* pence a week for each serjeant-major, and quarter-mailer-ferj cant, where a serjeant-major and quarter-master-serjeant are appointed \ and at the rate of eight pence a day for each drummer from the date of his enlistment, with the

a

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1799.

Chap, l

addition of six pence a day Tor each dr um-major, where^a drum-major Is appointed; and at the rate of eight pence a day for each corporal from the date of his mlilt-ment; and also at the rate of four pence a month for each private man and drum* mer, for defraying the contingent e>pences*of each*regiment and battalion of militia, one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expences of each regiment or battalion during the time of the men’s being from home, upon account of their annual exercise, and also for half a year’s fdary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia belonging to such county, or county of a city, at the . rate of fifty pounds a year.

41. And: be ifr enacted, That all such sums of money granted for the pay of the ' militia as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's trea-: fury into theliandsof the agent or agents, clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions 6f militia belonging to such counties, or county of -a city -or town, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to them, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or where there is no colonel, under the hand and seal of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia for such county, county of a city or town; and such lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of such first payment, make a second payment for four ca* lendar months in advance; and shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of three calendar months from the time of such second payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the miliria, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of such agent or agents, or clerk or clerks, shall be a sufficient discharge to such the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury the several sums of money so by them . paid.

III. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid one calendar month’s pay in advance, to the adjutant of such regiment or-battalion respectively, and to the captain or officer commanding each company belonging to such regiment or battalion two months pay in advance for the serjeants, drummers, and corporals; and also to the officer commanding the company to which the serjeant*major and drurt-major shall belong, two months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum-major, and To from time to time as long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands; which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging t* his company by this act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due in pur-. fuance of tills act, according to the following form

County

D by The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Debtor.

County of

To cash received of Mr. regimental or battalion clerk, or the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury (as the case shall be) for two months pay in advance -

Fir Contra.

Creditor.

Paid serjeant for days pay, from the

day of to the

day of following, -

Ditto, as fer]eant-major(if one in the company)

P aid serjeant for days pay, from the

day of to the

day of following, -

Paid drummer,

days, at per

from the day of

to the -day of

following,

Ditto, as drum-major, (if one in the company)

Paid drummer,

days, from die <Iayof to the

day of following,

Paid corpora

days, from the day of to the

day of ' following,

L

And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, (as the case shall be,) the surplus, if any, by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further cna&e4> That in case the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion'of militia, shall certify in writing to the agent or clerk of the fame, that he had discharged any serjeant or drummer a3 unfit for the service, that in such case no. pay be issued for the person so discharg-> ed, until another be duly appointed by him, and that no payment be made to any serjeant or drummer who hath been so discharged, or who has not previously been approved of by the commatfding officer, in cafo of vacancy by dea.h, or otherwise.

A z V. And

4

A.D.

17v9* Chap. I.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

V. And be it enacted, That the rger.t or clerk of each reg'mert cr battalion of militia, out of the money hereby cl ire:tied to be issued nr.d paid to lam, for defraying the contingent expenses of each regiment or battalion, fin!I yearly^ and every year, pay to the colonel, or officer commanding such regiment or bat-

talion, one penny a month for e:ch private man and drummer, for defraying the hospital expences of each respective company of such regiment or battalion, during the time of the men’s being absent from home, upon account of thqit annual ex-> ereife *, and shall from time to time, issue. out and pay such furus of money as may necessary for the repair of arms, and the carriage and removal thereof, upon an order in writing, signed by the colonel, or officer commanding such regimeqt or battalion; and after payment of such sums as shall be so ordered by such colonel or

commanding officer as aforesaid, to be paid, he trail yearly, and every year, make up an account of all such money, and the expenditure thereof, and of the balance remaining in his hands; - which said balance shall form a stock-purse for the use of the Regiment; and he shall transmit such account to the colonel, or commanding officer of such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed and signed, and theac-countfo allowed and signed shall be, and is hereby directed to be the proper voucher and acquittal of such agent or clerk, for the application and disposal of such money.

VI. And be it further eiu&ed, That* whenever the governor or governors, or deputy-governors, at a general meeting to be held for any^county, county of a city, or town, Avail have fixed the days of exercise for the militia, the colonel, or other commanding officer Anil, as soon as may be, certify the same to the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, specifying the number of men, and the number of days such men are to be absent from home, on account of such exercise, not exceeding in the whole twenty-eight days; and the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury are hereby required, within fourteen days after the receipt of fqch certificate, to issue and pay to the agents or clerks of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of ten Aiillings per day for the captain of each company; and at the rate of five shillings and eight pence per day for each lieutenant not holding a second commission in the regiment or battalion; and of four Aiillings and eight pence {er day for each enffgn not holding a second commission in the regiment or battalion; but if any of the lieutenants or ensigns of the regiment or battalion shall hold a second commission in the fame, then the pay of such lieutenant or ensign shall be at ths rate of four shillings and eight ponce per day for the lieutenant, and of three shillings and eight pence per day for the ensign; and also at the rate of me shilling per day for each private militia-man, for the number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of such exercise; and the said reg*mental or battalion agents, or clerks, are hereby required forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments or battalion^, the proportion of pay belonging to their re fp relive companies.

VII. And be it further enaflei, That the captain of each company*(ballmake up an account of all monies received and paid by him, on account of fi^ch exercise, according to the following form

County of Debtor.

To cash received of the regimental or battalion n^ent

v - O

or clerk, or the lords commiAioners of his Majesty's treasury, (as the case Anil be,) for ‘ -days pay of men

Fer Contra, Creditor.

By my pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid ensign

Paid militia-mcn days.

Which

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

V/ !.:ch account shall be signed by the said captain, and countersigned. by the com- A. T). rn aiding officer; and such captain shall, within ten days after the time such exercise x JQQ. U fobbed, deliver such account, and pay the balance (if there be any due), to the ngiment d or battalion agent, or clerk, and such accounts shall be allowed as fuf-iicient vouchers by the lords commulioners of his Majesty's treasury.

A Ilf. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any regiment or battalion of m’Ktia is, or shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, whereby the officers and private militia-mcn fliull be enti led to the fame pay as the olhcers and private men in his Majesty's regiments of foot, all pay as aforesaid, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private militia , en, or others, and all money allowed as afore-i'jid, for the contingent expdnces of such regiment or battalion of militia; and also the allowance to the agent or clerk of such regiment or battalion fl ail, during such time of actual fevvice, and until such regiment or battalion shall be disembodied and return home, cease, and not be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the duties and aids which have been or shall be granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors/ during this session of parliament, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum not exceeding the sum of seven hundred sixty-nine thousand and twelve pounds, and eleven pence halfpenny, net, for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the several counties and counties of cities and towns in this kingdom.

X. And be it enacted, That the colonel or clerk to every regiment or battalion of militia, shall once in every year return accounts in writing in like manner as agents of the several regiments of cavalry or infantry.

XL. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom in council, to raise, embody, or continue the militia in any county or counties, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to forbid the raising, assemblitig, or embodying of the militia of such county or counties, and to (lav all proceedings therein for such time as shall be deemed expedient.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, colls, and charges of fults, and all sums of money for which any person or persons is or are by this att made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, by action of debt,plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

CHAP. II.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Men dry the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine.

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS the encouraging of the various branches of linen and hempen Kq*Irci.

nunufabtures, and of certain manufactures ma le of fiik, by bounties on export, will tend to promote and enlarge the fame, and it is r.eccXary that the payment of such bounties should be under certain.regulations and restrictions; be it

enabled,

6 Thetlirty^ninti 1C ear ^ George III.

A. O. ^nafted, by the JCing’s iwril excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent 1 799* ^erc's Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflem-

Chap. 2. bied, and by the authority of the same, That every exporter, or feller for cxpotfa-""lion of plain Irish linen, iTifli chequed or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers, Iheetings, and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in breadth, and of printed,

painted, stained, or dyed Ir(h linens, callicoes, ^cottons, or- cottons mixed with linen, to.any places on the exportationcto which bounties are payable, (h all in the entry of such goods at~the port of exportation, express the quantity thereof, and the value, exclusive of all priming, painting; staining, or-dying, and the marks on every box or package \ and shall make and subs be an affidavit on such entry, - or if a known Quaker, an affirmation to the following cffc&:

I A.B. male oath, or affirm, that Jhe above entry or invoice of linen, is true and 9fair, and that the value of the said linens, as expressed in the said entry, is not alter aged, in order to reduce the value of any parcel or piece of such linen under one/hilling and /even w

fence halfpenny per yard; stnd that m parcel or piece of such linen for which I claim a bounty of three halfpence per yard, is of greater value, exclusive* of all printing, faint* ing, faint ng or dying, than one frilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard,

And shall Tikewife endorse on the cocket granted upon such entry, the true quantity and value of the linens, or other goods intended to be shipped*, and shall before he receives such bounty, produce certificate from the searcher, or other proper officer appointed to see the fame shipped, verifying the shipping thereof; and like- wife give sufficient security So the collector, or other chief officer of the port, in the penalty of double the value of the^goods intended to be exported, and of one hundred pounds more, which security every such collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to take by bond, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, conditioned that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, iheetings, or other species of linen, callicoes or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be landed or brought upon shore again, in any part or parts of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man; and shall also, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known Quaker, make affirmation, which affidavit, and oath or affirmation, liich officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value of such linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons 'mixed, and that the fame were made hi Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That the exporter of all Irish made sail cloth or canvas shall, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known Quaker make affirmation, which oath or affirmation the proper officer of the revenue, at the port where the same shall be shipped, is hereby empowered to administer, that such sail cloth or canyas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to be exported, without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, and that no former bounty on export has been paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the said manufactures, and to prevent frauds in . obtaining bounties thereon, be it further enacted, That if the trustees of the hempen

and linen manufactures, shall appoint any person or persons, at any of the ports in this kingdom, to inspect linens intended to be exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof in writing to the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, no bounty ' shall be paid after such notice, at any port at which such person shall be appointed to inspect, unless it shall appear to the surveyor, or other officer of the port, by some seal or mark affixed to each package of linen, by such person or persons in manner herein after mentioned, that he h?.s examined the fame, nor unless it shall i also "

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1799.

k"*fb appear by the certificate of such person or persons, that such linens are of good, found, and merchantable quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abuses m obtaining such bounty, be it enacted, That Chap,

it shall and may be lawful for any surveyor, or any officer of the revenue, after the entry of any Iinen$ or other goods, as being entitled to bounty, and before and after the shipping thereof, to open and examine any bale, truss, or other package, to fee if the goods are duly entered and endorsed on the cockct; and if on any such examination the same shall be found to be duly entered and endorsed, the officer shall, at his own charge, cause the same to be repacked, which charge shall be allowed to such officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable.

V. And be it enacted, That if upon view and examination by the proper officers of she revenue, k shall appear that all or any piece or pieces of chequed linen or striped linen, printed, painted, stained or dyed linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to bounty, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, exclusive of any value arising from its being painted, printed, stained or dyed; or that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, (heeting, or other species of linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to bounty, is or are of greater value than one ‘shilling and seven pence halfpenny the square yard, that then and in every such case, the exporter or feller’of such linen foT exportation

shall, upon demand made in writing by the surveyor of the port where such goods and merchandizes are entered, deliver, or cause to be delivered, so many pieces of such linen as shall be demanded by the said officer, into his Majesty's ware-house# at the port of exportation, for the use and benefit of the crown, and upon such delivery, the*surveyor of such port, with £he privity of the collector or other chie^ officer, shall, out of any'money in the hands of such collector applicable thereto, pay to such exporter, or feller-for exportation, the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny per yard, and also if the fame be printed, painted, stained or dyed, the full value, cost, and expence of such printing, painting, flaming or dying, takings receipt for the fame from such exporter or feller for exportation, in full satis-factk>n for such goods, as if they had been regularly fold; and the commissioners of the revenue shall cause such goods to be fairly and publickly fold, to the bed advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the money so paid or advanced as aforesaid shall be repaid to such coUe£tor, to be ^replaced to the account of his Majesty's revenue; and if any overplus shall remain after defraying the expences of such falc and the necessary charges incident thereto, one moiety of such overplus shall be paid into the receipt-of the exchequer, towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall have searched and examined such linens.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons flull enter for exportation, any linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixedrat any value, exclusive of the value of its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not exceeding the value of one shilling and seven pence halfpinny per yard; or any diaper, huckaback, fhccring, or other linen, upwards of a yard in breadth, at any value as aforesaid, not exceeding one (lulling and seven pence halfpenny per square yard, and which upon view and examination of the proper officer of the revenue, shall be thought to be of greater value before its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, tlun one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively, and shall on demand made in writing by the surveyor or other officer of the port where such linen isenteied for exportation, -refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any one of the pieces of such linen, diaper or huckaback, or (heeting, into Jus Majesty’s

'8 The thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1799.

warehouse at fcch port, for the use and benefit of the crown, and to re-

from the said officers of tae revenue, at the hid port, the value of one fail.

CJnjn* 2, hngund eight pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively, for such linen, together with the value, cost, or expence of printing, dying, painting, or flaming t: e fame, as the famenny be, in said satisfaction for ilrz fame; or if the proper officers of the revenue Audi, upon view or examination, find any such linen which ' fhd! be entered for exportation, at the value of six pence halfpenny ;rr yard, or above the value, not exceeding one fa lling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid,- of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall be entered at the value of five pence//r yard, or above that value, and not ainou ting to the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of . five pence /er yard; or if any such linen shall be less in quantity than shall be expressied in the said enclorfcment on the said entry or cocket, -or shall not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the lead, or of the breadth of one yard, if so entered; or if the fame shall be entered or endorsed under a wrong denomination, whereby the said bounty, or any part thereof, might have been fraudulently obtained, that then and in every such case, all such linen, callico, cotton, and cotton mixed, which shall be refused to be delivered, or that faa 1 be under tl e value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or five pence per yard, respectively, or faall appear to be rfs in quantity than expressed in such endorse.nent, or be under the breadth of twenty-five inches, or one yard respectively, or entered or endorsed' under a wrong denomination, and also the goods contained in all and every package or packages, endorsed on such entry or cocket, shall be forfeited, together with such package or packages, and faall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue,

» and the owner or merchant faall not be entitlhl to receive any bounty for such goods.

VII. And to prevent linen of bid quality, or* fraudulently made up, from being exported, be it enacted, That after noti;e given as aforesaid, to the said commissit-oners, no bounty Avail be paid on any such linen, callico, cotton, cotton mixed, diaper, or huckaback, which shall be exported as aforesaid, out of any port where any inspector or other person shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other perfoxt tobe appointed as aforesaid, by the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, faall by some seal or mark affixed to each package thereof, certify his having examined the fame, or faall in the presence of the furvevor, or other officer of the revenue, examine the fame, and affix his seal or mark thereto.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or striped Irifa linen, or stained, painted, printed, or dyed Irifa linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback, Aieeting, or sail cloth, or canvas, for which the bounty shall have been

given or claimed, shall be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, the exporter or exporters thereof shall forfeit the fame, or the value thereof; and every person concerned in bringing back or landing the same as aforesaid, faall forfeit one failling for every yard, or square yard of such linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed respective!y *, and tw'o fail lings for every ell of such canvas or sail cloth so '

brought back or landed.

IX. And be it enacted, That no allowance faa'l be given upon the exportation from hence of any manufacture made in this kingdom, of silk, or silk mixed with any other material, unless oath, or in case of a known quaker, solemn affirmation be made by the exporter before such collector, or other officer of the port of exportation, whiehoathor affirmation such officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that such goods are of Irifa manufacture, and intended to be exported* and not intended to be relanded in any part of Ireland; and on the exporter's giving Efficient security to the collector, or other officer of the port, which security any

fitch

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.9

such officer is empowered to take in the nartie, and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by bond in the penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned, "1799.

' that such goods shall not be relanded or brought on shore again in any port or place Chap. 2 in this kingdom; and for such part of such goods as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, a condition of the said bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within six calendar months after the date of the said bond, which certificate shall be signed " by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there; and if no such officer shall be then resident in any of the said islands, then by the governors of the said islands, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively; and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or in the British dominions in the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate within eighteen months after the date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually signing certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and testifying the landing thereof, and for such silks, stuffs, or other manufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any foreign port or place, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate under the common seal of the chief nugistrate in such port or place, or under the hands and seals of wo known British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such silks or other manufactures* were there landed, which certificates shall respectively testify that such goods were landed^at - the places from whence such certificates shall have been given, and when prbduced and duly proved, shall respectively be a full and-sufficient discharge for such bonds (* respectively entered into and in case such good* shall be taken by enemies, oc perish in the sea, such bonds shall be discharged upon satisfactory proof thereof being made before the commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any four or more of them.

X. And for the better preventing frauds on the entering of any such goods under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, be it enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for any searcher or any proper officer of the revenue, at any time after the entry of any such goods, and before or a'ter the shipping thereof, to open and examine every bale, truss, chest, or other package, and if on such 'examination the goods shall be found to be rightly entered, the officer shall at his own c? arge cause the same to be repacked to the satis'action of thq exporter, which charge shall be allowed to such officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable; bu: in case such officer shall find such goods, or any part thereof to have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majesty might have been defrauded in the a lowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods contr. ry to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so falsely entered shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the person or persons mak-

ing, or causing such false entry to be made, shall forfeit double the value of

stich goods.

XI. Provided always, That no allowance shall be demanded or made for any of such manufactures of silk mixed with gold or Giver, where they are only mixed at the edges or ends of the p:ece3, nor for any such manufactures of (ilk mixed . with any other materials, unless two-thirds at lead of the ends or threads of the warp be of silk, or mired or twilled with silk in the warp, so that such (ilk shall be apparent, nor unless the silk therein used shall be at least double the value of the allowance intended to be obtained on the exportation thereof; and if any doubt shall arise whether such goo,9or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching the quality of such goods or manuf..£ur. s, the proof dull lie on the exporter, cl.iimer, or owner thereof, and not on the officer.

Vol. XIX. C ' XII. And

' 10

A.D. 1799.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

XII. And be it enacted, Th.it all bounties and allowances on the exportation of the manufzclurcs aforesaid, shall bz paid out of all or any of the monies arising from all or any of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose, in the hands of the collector of the port where such goods shall be shipped for exportation.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said bounties shall be paid on demand, without fee or reward to the exporter or feller for exportation, subject to the several regulations herein contained.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the penalties and forfeitures aforesaid shall be fned for, levied anj lecpvered by such ways, means, rules, and directions, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed, in and by an act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the e rife and new imp ft upon his Majesty» his heirs and successors9 as cor dug to the booh of rates therein infer tedy or by any other law now of force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force relative to the duty of excise is. provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and no longer.

chap. nr.

An Act for indemnifying such as have acted fnce the

Sixth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for the Preservation of the Public 'Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections prevailing in several Parts of

' this Kingdom.

Monday the twenty-fifth day of March) one thousand seven hundred and ninetj-nint>

Royal Assent given.

JOITN GAYER, D. CLfcR. PAUL.

1 red. /WHEREAS since the sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and v ▼ ninety-eight, feveTal parts of this kingdom have beei} disturbed by treafbn-able insurrections and open rebellion, and the lives and properties of many peaceable and faithful subjects destroyed, and many of his Majesty's loyal subjects have loll their lives in said rebellion, and several officers and justices of the peace and . other persons, in order to preserve the public, peace, the lives and properties of his Majesty's faithful subjects, and to suppress and put an end to such insurrections and rebellion, have apprehended several criminals suspected of <seeing concerned in said practices of insurrection and rebellion, and without due authority have sent other criminals or suspected persons out of the kingdom, and have been obliged to punish several of the said offenders even with death, and to do divers other acts not justifiable by law, but which were yet so much for the public fiervice, and so 8 necessary

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 11

HtcefTary for the suppression of such mfurre&ion and rebellion, that the persons by A# D. whom they were transa&ed ought to be indemnified; be it therefore enacted by|799, the King’s moll exccUent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords V— spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Xhat all personal actions, fiats, indictments, informations, attachments, molestations, prosecutions and proceedings whatever, judgments and orders, if any be against the said magistrates and persons, for or by reason of any matter or thing commanded, appointed, or done since the sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, in order to suppress the said infarrc&ions and rebellion, and for the preservation of the public peace, or fof the fjtcty of the state, shall be discharged and made void, and that every person by whom any such act, matter, or thing shall been advised, commanded, appointed, or done for tihepurposes aforesaid, since the sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, Shall be freed, acquitted and indemnified, as west against the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors* a* against all and every other person and person9, and that if any prosecution, action, or suit hath been or shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person, for any such act, matter, or thing so advised, commanded, appointed, or done for thl purposes aforesaid, or any of them, he or flie may plead the general iilixe, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or forbear further prosecution, or fufier discontinuance, or if a verdict: pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, die defendant or defendants fhafH recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, *Che, or they shall have the like remedy as in cases in which opfts by law are given to defendants.

CHAP. IV.

An Act for continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases; and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served or are serving in Foreign Armies; and for continuing another Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His pressent Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and making and removing, selling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition without License; and also for continuing several Statutes therein recited, for more effectually suppressing insurrections and preventing the Disturbance of the public Peace.

Monday tbt twenty ffth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Jtcyal JJfent fiven.

JOHN CATER, D. CLER. PARI.

ws

EREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled.  An act

It is expr

for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom,

C 2 or

1799-Chap. 4.

lien* 33 G.

3 c. 1. a-!o the j^un-powder uc\,

36 G. 3. c. 42

also i.ifnr-redion acts, 30 G. 3. c. 20.

37 G. 3. c.

38 G,

7 1.

3-c.

12 The tlirly-ninth Fear tf George III.

A.D.

or ref dent therein, /« certain cases, and subjects of this kingdom who have served, or are serving in foreign armies; and also another act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, act to prevent the importation of gunpowder and ammunition into this kingdom, and making, removing, selling and keeping of gunpowder, arms, and ammunition and also another act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act more effectually to suppress and prevent the disturbance of the public peace; and also another act passed in the

thirty-seventh year of the reign of his Majesty, entitled, to explain an act passed in the Of his reign,

entitled, An act more effectually to suppress and prevent

the disturbance of the public peace; and also another act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his reign,entitled, An act more effectually to suppress and

prevent the disturbance of the public peace; and also an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act to explain an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's , entitled. An act more effectually to suppress , and prevent the difurbance of the publ ;and also another act passed in the fame thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An a Cl for amending an act passed in the thirty sixth year of the reign t > contim-e in of his Mdjrfy, entitled, Att ail -more ffcClually - to suppress itifnr-Tan'iScy,1 rcclions, and prevent the difurbance of the public; be it

i.i.d to end of enacte(j by the Kintr’s most excellent Majesty, by and-with the ad-

next ft (lion. ... 7 g . J 7 ’ 7

vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said kveral acts shall be; and continue to be of force from the passing of this act, until the first day of-January, which wiil be in the year one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

38 G.3. c iti.

i.!l said a3s

*Fbc thirty ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. V.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, Heirs and Succef-

fors, several Duties therein men, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

Monday the twenty-fifth day of March,one thoseven hundred and

Royal AJfetii given*

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARX.

E youT Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Fubjects the commons of Ireland In Expired, parliament -assembled, being desirous to raise such aids and supplies as may 'be sufficient to support, with honour and dignity, your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do befecdh your Majesty, that it may becnacled, and be it enacted ‘by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

-and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, untii the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, and sums of money following, that is to say, for and upon the several matters and things expressed in the schedules hereunto annexed, marked A, and B, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, *and sums of money in the said schedules mentioned,

"for and upon the several matters and tilings expressed in the said schedules; and for every advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, newspaper,

journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly or oftener, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other interval or time within the time aforesaid, or in any hand-bill containing more than one advertisement, printed or dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one shilling; and a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling for every ten lines which every such advertisement shall contain over end above the hrfl ten lines; no such line to exceed in length twenty m’s of the letter called long primer, or two inches and three quarters of an inch; and for and upon every pamphlet or paper, not exceeding fix sheets in octavo, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve fiieets in quarto or twenty fhects in folio, so printed, a duty after the rate of two shillings for every sheet of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one printed copy, or impression thereof; and for and upon all insurances for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, which shall be made at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of Maxdi, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, a duty after the rate of *>ne shilling for every one hundred pounds insured thereby; and for and upon all insurances upon any life or lives, or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, which shall be made at any time during die time aforesaid, a duty be paid after the rate of one shilling and six pence, for every one hundred pounds insured thereby.

*3

A.D. 1799.

vt

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

II. And be it enacted, That in case any such advertisement be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, then and in that case, there shall be paid for every such advertisement, treble the duties herein before mentioned.

III. And be it 'enabled, That every deed, instrument, note, or memorandum, letter, muniment, or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable confutation for or on the less of any ship or veil el, goods, monies or effects, or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss whr.tlcvver, pr for or upon any life or lives, shall be conitnicd, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of insurance, within the meaning^of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment, or writing, between the captain, mailer, or owner of any ship or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in re^pest of the freight, or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandizes, or effects, laden, or to be laden on board of any fuclr ship or vessel, shall be deemed and adjudged to be

p a charter party, within the meaning of this act.

V. And for correcting abuses committed by arresting persons without any writ or legal process to justify the fame, by means whereof the payment of the duty hereby given to the crown upon such process may be evaded* be it enacted, Th t from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, every officer or clerk belonging, or that shall hereafter belong to the court of King’s Bench, court of Common Plea*, or court of Exchequer, who shall sign any writ or process before judgment, to aired any person or persons thereupon, shall, at the time of signing thereof, set down upon such writ or process the day and year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance roll, or in the book w herein the abstract of such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pound: for every offence or neglect of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid; such forfeiture to be recovered by civ:! bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform and sue for the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That all books and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack or a directory, by whatever name or names entitled or described, are and shall be charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanacks and directories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any accounts, bill of parcels, or bills of fees.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge - the probate of any will, cr letters of ad mi niff ration of any common feama; or fol ier,

who shall be flain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from the captain cr commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding officer of the troop or company under whom such feanvan or soldier feived at the time of his death; of the truth whereof an oath (or if by a qunker a solemn affirmation) shall he made before the proper judge or officer by whom such probate or administration ought to be granted, which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to administer, without fee or reward.

IX. Provided also, That none of the rates, duties, or sums of money imposed by tills aft, shall be raised, levied, or paid, or be payable unto your Majesty, by virtue of this act, by any person or persons who shall be admitted to sue or defend in

forma (au^erisy so far as relates to the fuic in which he, she, or they shall be so admitted to sue or defend.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

X. Provided also, That this act, or any chafe herein contained, llin.Il net be D#

construed to chargemuth any duty, any warrant made by, or recognizance taken i 799* before any justice or justices of the peace, or any proceedings of any court martial* Chap. 5. cr courts held under martial law during the exigence of martial law in this khg- \- mJ dom; but such warrants, recognizances and proceedings shall be and are hereby

declared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties impaled by this

aft.

XI. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to charge with any of the duties aforesaid, any act of parliament, proclamations, orders of council, forms of prayer and thanksgiving,^or any acts of {fate which shall be ordered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed; or printed votes or

-other matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either heuse of parliament , any books commonly used in any of the fcliools of Ireland, or any book* containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any advertisement published by the trustees of hospitals, relative to the business of such hospitals; or any single advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts, or bills of goods imported or exported; so as such daily accounts, or such bills of goods imported and exported, do contain no other matter than accounts of good* imported into, and exported from this kingdom, and the particulars relating to such exports and imports so as the fame be printed and published by such officer or officers as shall be authorized thereto by the lord lieutenant general, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, for the time being; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That all accounts or bills of goods imported or exported, printed or published by any other person or persons, except such officer or officers, authorized as aforesaid, whether printed or published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, or published as accounts, or abstracts of accounts, or in any other manner whatsoever, shall be, and are hereby deemed to be daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, and subject to the duties hereby imposed, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of day’s accounts of imports or exports contained therein; that is to say, the sum of one penny for every day’s account, or abstract of every day’s account of imports or exports which shall. appear to be included in every such publication.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conflru-. . ed to extend to subject the books of any corporate body to any stamp or/duty whatsoever;

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause to be kept a dif-

tinct account of one half or moxty of the money ariffng from the respective duties of twenty pounds, in the said schedule mentioned, cn the admission of any student into the fcciety of King’s inns, and on the admission ef any barrifler into tfye inns of court, and of the whole of the duty of seven pounds in the said schedule mentioned upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney; and that the receiver general of the duties hereby granted, shall pay the same at the Tcceipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and the commissioners of his Majesty's treafufy, or lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause the same to be paid to the treasurer of the said society, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by said society.

XV. And be it enacted, That the commissioners or officers for the stamping or marking of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall keep their head office in

some convenient place within the city of Dublin, and the said commifiibners, or N

the major part of them, are hereby impowered, under their hands and seals, to

D 2 appoint

16 The thirty-nhith Year of George III.

A# D* appoint such inferior officers, with the consent and approbation of the lord Keu-fc 1799* tenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being,

Chap. for the marking or damping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and for the better

collect«ng and levying oj the duties hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as they at their discrelion shall think proper.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all types, marks and stamps heretofore used by the said commissioners, or by any officer or officers acting under their authoiify, for marking the said duties, and all impressions made therewith -on zmj deeds, record;, or writings whatsoever, shall be, and tjlic fame and every of them arc, and

- is hereby declared lawful and valid to all intents and purposes; and that in all actions, suits, indictments, informations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever,

; touching any of the matters contained in this act, or for or touching any act or acts

k heretofore done of hereafter to be done by the said commissioners - and officers, or

any of them, in virtue' and under colour of their respective. offices, it shall be . deemed and tfl.cn that the said commissioners and officers have been duly appointed; to their offices, respectively, without producing their patent, appointment or commission, and without giving evidence that they have performed the several requisites

prescribed by law, to entitle them to execute the said offees respectively.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the several commissioners and officers heretofore --appointed for the marking or flamping of Vellum, parchment, and paper, and nu-. naging the duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such offices, respectively, as also such ether commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter np-

w pointed, pursuant to this act, shall during the continuance of this act, for more

efiectunlly levying the several duties hereby granted, continue to act*, in the several . offices to which they have been, or shall be so appointed, or which they now actually hold or exercise, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the lame restrictions and limitations as are mentioned in former acts of parliament granting stamp duties unto your Majesty, or any of them, save as herein is otherwifir directed; unless such commissioners or inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom, fox the time being, or unless such inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the said commissioners, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this king-. dum for the time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the types, marks,-and stamps already kept or , tifed for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the several and --respective duties granted by the said act$, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office, for denoting and marking on.vellum^ parchment and paper, the several and reipeflive duties hereby granted, shall be die oidy true and v lawful types, marks, and stamps, for the damping, and impressing of all vellum, parchment and paper, on which any of the several things herein directed to be charged; have been or shall be engrossed or written;, and that from time to time, as often as such types, marks, or damps, or any of them, shall be worn out, or otherwise become unserviceable, the said commissioners maycause the same to be repaired and rendered fit for use, or eause renewals thereof, ot similar types, marks, and stamps to be made and used, if they shall think proper so to do.; and that where such types, marks, or stamps, shall not specifically denote the duties chargeable by this act, two 01 more of such types, marks, or stamps, the duties denoted whereby

- shall in the whole amount to the duties chargeable by this ja£l, may be ufcff fee marking and impressing vellum, parchment* and paper, with such duties or the said commissioners may eause to be provided new types, marks, or (lamps, for de-, noting such duties, or any of them, if they shall think, proper so to do, and to

stamp err mark velium, parchment, and piper chargeable with such duties, with the same.

2 XIX. And'

The thirty^ninth Year of George III. 17

XIX. And be it enacted, That the devices or marks used, or to be used for de- A.

noting and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the said duties, or any of j jijg.

them, may be changed, varied, or altered from time to time, as your Majesty, your Chap. 5.

heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief gover-

nors of this kingdom, for the time being, shall think fit: provided that wheusoever

such devices or marks shall be changed, varied, or altered, then, and in every such case, publick notice of every such change, variation, or alteration, shall b$

given by advertisexpent in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other publick news-

paper, a convenient time before the types, marks, or stamps, on which such new

devices, or marks shall be made, be used.

XX. And be it enacted, That all courts of justice, and judges shall, without al«. legation or proof in that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and stamps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful types, marks, and stamps, for the purpose herein mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners heretofore appointed, or here-after to be appointed by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governor^ of this kingdom, for the time being as aforesaid, or the major part of such commissioners, shall and may, from time to time, as they shall see occasion, appoint one or more^ fit person or persons to attend in any court Or courts, office or offices, which person or persons shall have full power and authority to inspefl and examine the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid have been or shall be engrossed or written, or put, and also the marks or stamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the

duties arising by this act or by any former act, whereby any duties were granted to

your Majesty, upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper , and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the reejudt of the said commissioners, or of any two of them, shall make such orders in their respective courts, and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalf and that every commissioner and other officer, before he proceeds to the execution of his office under such appointment, shall take and fu&scribe the oath prescribei by an act pafiecl in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitlod, An act for granting unto your Majesty> your heirs and successors, several duties upon jtampei vellum, parchment, and paper, to be administered, as in the said act is mentioned: 1

provided that nothing in this act contained shall affect, or be construed to afied, an '

ad paired in this kingdom in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the fna/ijicatiom (f persons appointed to offices in this kingdom, wherein two or more grantees aft under one grants comm iff on, or appointment, but that the said act, and every part thereof, shall remain in full force.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners and other officers heretofore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, for the better, execution of their several offices and trulls, observe such rules, methods, and orders as they respectively have received, or shall receive, from time to tipu^ from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or the commissioners of his Majesty* treasury, or any three of them, or the lord high treasurer for the rime being\ and that the said commissioners shall take special care that the several parts of this kingdom, from time to time, be fuf- ficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and paper, stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that your Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the usual

Vol XIX. £ rates

a 8 *Thc thirty-ninth Year a/' George III.

A D. rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, and paper, to

I 799« be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall have done

Chap. 5. the same.

XXIII. Be it further enacted, That after the passing of this act, all attornies, Solicitors, or other persons, shall make their several charges upon their clients or employers, for engrossing bills, answers, and other pleadings in equity, at or after the known and usual rates, for every (kin, according to the number of skins they shall so engross ^or write, and not otherwise *, and if any attorney, solicitor, or other -person, shall, for writing or.engrossing one (kin of parchment only, charge any client for employer for double or treble ikins, or for more than one (kin, making his charge

by the fliect, or in,any other manner than by the (kin, under pretence of having

inserted iniuch.one.skin of parchment a greater number of (beets than twenty, or ^under any other pretence whatsoever, such.chargeihall not bepayable by the client; and further, that every attorney, solicitor, -or.other person shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the first offence the sum of ten pounds, and for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit. P

XXIV. And be it enacted, That "where any bill of cost in any cause in youi Ma-

% jestyVcourts of chancery or exchequer,* in which there shall be any charge or

charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answers, or other pleadings in the said courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, and filed in either of the said courts, shall he taxed, the officer who shall respectively tax such bills of cost$, shall tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills and answers, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the skin, according to the number of skins actually contained in such pleadings, and not according to the number of (beets or words contained in fuchikiq, according to the true intent and meaning of his aft; and such officer, if the bill.of oofts to be taxed be in a cause in the court of chancery, shall signify at the foot of such bill of cost, that the number of skins contained in the pleadings mentioned therein, hath been certified te him by the keeper of the drolls of the court «of chancery, or his deputy; and if such bill of cost be in a cause in the court of exchequer, the officer who shall tax the same shall signify afcthe.foot of such bill that he hath inspected the engrossment of ithe pleadings mentioned in such bill of.costs: And in case such officers respectively, who.ftialLtax such,bills of costs as aforesaid, Ahall neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of: the rolls for such certificate as aforesaid, or to iirfpost the engrossment of the pleadings mentioned in such.bill of costs, or shall neglect or xefufe to tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills, answers, or other pleadings in man* ner herein directed, every such officer so neglecting or refufingrrespectively as aforer said, shall forfeit for every such ineglect or refusal, the sum of ten pounds.: And in case the keeper or keepers of the rolk of the court of chancery, or his or their deputy, shall neglect or refuse to inspect and certify the number of skins contained in such pleadings, as aforesaid, to the proper officer of such epurt, upon being applied to by him for theputposes aforesaid, such keeper or keepers, or his or their deputy, /lull for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit in like manner the sum of ten pounds; which said several forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary way, <upon motion, by order of the said courts of chancery and exchequer, upon complaint made:to them respectively, against any officer who shall be guilty of any such neglect or refusal, and shall enure to your Majesty, your heirs and sucessors.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be cenftrued to extend to the charge to be made for engrossing any bill, answer, or other pleading in equity, the whol^ contents of which shall not amount to the

quantity

N

*1The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 19

quantity or number of sheets to be contained m two skins, reckoning the quantity In every skin, according to the number of sheets above specified. j ygg.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every copy of every affidavit which shall be Q^ap. read in any court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as that the quantity of writing contained in any one street or piece of*paper, shall not be deemed more than one sheet-according to the manper in which the officers of the courts, in which such affidavit shall be respectively filed, charge by the (beet for such affidavit; and if any officer of any pourt shall charge for the quantity of writing contained in any one sheet or piece of paper, on which any copy of such affidavit shall be written, more than the fees to which-he should be entitled for one sheet, according to the course-of the court in Which such affidavit shall be filed, he shall for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble costs of fiiitto any person or persons who shall sue for the same, in any court of record, by astron, bill, -plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

XXVII. And to prevent frauds which might be committed by writing such copies upon both fides of any fhefct or piece of paper, be it enacted, That where more than one side or page Of sffliy sheet of paper shall be stamped or marked with the duty by this act charged on paper on which such copy of an affidavit shall be written, each side or page To marked or damped, shall be deemed a separate sheet or piece of paper, within the intent and meaning of this act.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Tecords,‘writ*, pleadings, and other proceedings in the courts of law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever, "hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they have been usually accustomed to be writter\, or are now written, lave as herein otherwise mentioned.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all writings, matters and things, in respect whereof any of the said duties fhilf be payable, and which shall be engrossed or written before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred*

shall be written in Tudh manner that Tome part thereof shall be written on the stamps or marks which shall in purTuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment# or paper, and such writing shall from thence be so continued in the usual form of writing, or engrossing deeds or writings, so that no'blank space shall be left, whereby such stamps might be made applicable to any other deed or instrument whatsoever, upon pain that the person who shall write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter or thing, contrary to she true meaning hereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper hereby intended to be charged with the several duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head-office aforesaid, to be stamped and marked; and the Taid commissioners and officers are hereby required, upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the Tame, forthwith, without any fee or reward, to stamp or mark any quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment, or pap£r so brought, fudh person or perioas paying to such officer or officers as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respective Aurics hereby granted and directed to be paid for the Tame.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be arrested be-twnen the twenty^fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

£ 2 and

20 5The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

J)# and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, by vir-f ygg. tue of any writ or process of any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at Chap. 5. the suit of any common person, and the sheriff or other officer (Kail take bail from s myrmm*J such person against whom such writ or process shall issue, the sheriff or other officer, at the request and cost of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or of his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action or suit, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by endorsing the fame, and attesting it under his hand and seal in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, which may be done without any stamp, provided the assignment so endorsed be duly damped before any action be brought thereupon; and also, that for and during the time aforesaid, when and so often as it shall become necessary for any sheriff, or other officer having authority to grant replevins, to assign any bond of any plaintiff in replevin to the avowant or defendant in such action, such assignment may be made without any stamp, provided the assignment so made be duly damped before any action he,brought thereupon*

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any commissioner or other officer appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such n\^rk or stamp to any vel-- lum, parchment, or paper, vhich shall he brought to the head-office aforesaid to

be stamped or marked, before the several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act shall be duly answered, or be secured^to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, he shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or perform hare-or hath engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, at any time since the commencement of the said acts, or any of them, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which such vellum, parchment, or paper, was chargeable by the said acts, or any of them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, bath been, or shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or hath, or have engrossed or written, or caused to be engroff-ed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be .'engrossed or written, any matter or thing 'Upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that hath or have not been stamped with any duty, or that have been, or shall be stamped or marked for any lower duty than the duty by the said acts, or this act, payable for what hath been x>r shall beXo engrossed or written, then, and in every such case, there shall be paid <to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, over and above such duty as aforesaid^ for every such deed, instrument, or writing, jthe sum of ten pounds; provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the space of five years from the execution of such deed, infttument, or writing; >or at aoy lime after the expiration of such term of five years, the sum of twenty pounds; and no inch d"ed, record, instrument, or ^writing, shall on any pretence whatsoever 1>e pleaded or given, or received in evi-vence in any courts <or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity^ _until as wSll the said duty, as the tsaid sum of ten pounds, or twenty pounds, as the case shall be, shall befirft paid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the ;fame under (he hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive >.the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing, hath been, or shall be written or made, shall be matked or stamped with a lawful mark or if amp; and the proper officer or officers are hereby required, upon payment or tender of such duty, and sum of ten pounds, or twenty pounds, as the case may be, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the ^ame, and to mark and stamp such vellum, parchment, or paper, (with die mark or stamp that shall:he proper for such deed, instrument or writing, respectively.

: r

The thirty-ninth Ye dr of George II. I-

XXXIV. Provided always, and the said commi (Goners are hereby autho:tc

(lamp all instruments executed out of this kingdom, upon payment of the duty pay - j.

able thereon according to this act, without paying the said additional duty of ten rr>

pounds, proof being first made to the satisfactiomof the said commissioners, or the

major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of this kingdom*

-provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the space of two years from the execution thereof, respectively.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein containedihall extend, or bp conffruecl to extend* to judgments upon pojleas, inquisitions, writs of fare fuciaf, or to judgments upon nil dint, or cognovit acliontm; provided that the fame be stamped with the proper (lamp within one month next after the fame shall have been signed, and that no diicount shall be allowed thereon.

XXXVI. And be it-enabled, That any officer or officers who shall neglect or \

'omit^to bring such judgment or judgments to be stamped within one month, as hereby directed, shall for every such neglect or omission forfeit and pay the funv of ten

pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, or by action, in any court of record in thi* kingdom, ' 1

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons f* all engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said ve ;i m, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or

paper, shall be -marked or stamped as aforesaid, or shall engross or write, or cause

cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked.or stamped for any lower duty than the duty by this act payable for what shall be so etigrossed or written, such persons, so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill \ one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other mojety to him, her, or them, who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That in case any clerk, officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office or employment, is or shall be authorized or entrusted to make, engross, or write any records, deeds, instruments, or writings, by this act, charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any practice to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any duty by this act payable, by making, engrossing, or writing, any such record, deed, instrument, or Writing, or by causing the same to be made and engrossed, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon vtllum, parchment or paper, marked or stamped with any mark or stamp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing Or writing any such deed, instrument or other writing, upon vellum, parchment, or -paper, which lie shall know to be stamped or marked for a lower duty than the duty payable by this act upon the fame* then every such clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any such fraud, or practicei being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or employment, respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future*, and if any attorney belonging to any court shall be wilfully guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an attorney.

XXXIX. And to prevent committing frauds on your Majesty, in respect of the duty payable on the admission of attornies into courts, be it enacted, That no attorney shall practise either in his own name, or in the name of any other attorney in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or in ahy court of record whatsoever, in which

attornies are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which he shall actually i

have been admitted and sworn an attorney, on pain of the person so practising being Tendered incapable of being sworn an attorney in any court of law$ and every at-Vol. XIX. , F torney

2$ The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

J3# torney who flipJl so prartife in any court in which lie shall not have been admitted 1799. ^vorn an attorney> be disabled from recovering the costs of any proceedings

Chap. 5. can^'J 011 by him in any such court.

XL. And be it enacted, That every person to be sworn or admitted an attorney in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or any court of record whatsoever, or a folici-for of the court of chancery, shall, previous to such admission into every court, produce to the proper officer to whom he (had apply to be admitted an attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, a certificate, Signed under the hand or hands of your Majesty's oilieers appointed to receive the stamp duties, hating that such person-has paid the duty by this art made payable on such admission; which certificate shall be lodged with such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his custody to be examined by the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any officer by them appointed, at any time they shall think fit; and that from and after the passing of this art, every person who shall be bound an apprentice to an attorney, shall also obtain a written certificate from some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the Julies aforesaid, of his having paid the duty by this art made payable on such indentures of npprenticeship; which certificate shall be lodged with the proper officer of the court in which such indentures are enrolled, or to which the mailer of such apprentice doth belong, and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of and keep such certificate, so that the fame may and shall be produced, and read in open court on the admission of every attorney, and produced to a mailer of the court of chancery on the admission of a solicitor of that court, before he shall be admitted and sworn an attorney or solicitor respectively, as aforesaid; and that no person shall be capable of prartifing as an attorney or solicitor, respectively, or of recovering any bill of coils due tohim as an attorney or solicitor, unless he shall have paid the stamp duties hereby imposed upon him when bound apprentice, and when admitted an attorney or solicitor, a: or previous to the time of his being admitted an attorney as aforesaid; and it is the meaning and intention of this art, that no person be admitted an attorney into any court, unless such person shall have served his regular time or apprenticeship of five years to a prartifing attorney of the said courts.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall write, or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, either in the whole or part, any matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this art, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon there shall have been before engrossed, written, or printed, any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this art, before such vellum, parchment, or paper Avail have been again marked or stamped according to this art; or shall fraudulently crafe or ferape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out the name or names of any person or persons, or any sum* date, or thing engrossed, written, or printed in such instrument, writing, maitcr, or thing, as aforesaid, and fraudulently cut, tear, or take oft* any mark or iiamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or any part thereof, with intent to use such (lamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing, in respect whereof any duly shall be payable by virtue of this art, then and in every such case, every such person so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, flaall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and the said piece of vellum, parchment, or paper so taken off, and on which any deed, instrument, or writing hath been or shall be written or made, shall be deemed not to have been duly stamped.

XLII. Provided always and be it enacted, That so often as the said devices or marks, or any of them shall be changed, varied, or altered as herein before mentioned, it shall be lawful for all persons who shall have at the times respectivciv of such alteration or change, in their custody or possession, any vellum, parchment, or japer, marked with the iinpression of the type, mark, or stamp which Avail have 6 been

*The thirty-ninth Y*car of George III.

23

been so changed, varied, or altered, upon which none of the matters or things, hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time, within the space of sixty days after the publication of such advertisement as aforesaid, such vellum, parchment, and paper to the said commissioners, at the head-office in die city of Dublin, or to such other officers appointed as aforesaid; and the said commissioners and officers, respectively, are hereby required to deliver or cauffi to be delivered unto the several persons who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, so damped as aforesaid, and as good m quality, marked with the impression of such new type, mark or (lamp, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame, any film of money or other consideration whatsoever, under the penalty of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case any person shall neglect or omit, within the time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered unto the said commissioners or officers as aforesaid, any such vellum, parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other effect than if such vellum, parchment, or paper had never been stamped; and that att matters and things which shall be engrossed or written thereon, after such time as shall be appointed by such advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altered types, marks or (lamps as aforesaid, shall be of no other effect than as if they had been engrossed or written on vellum* p :rc ment, or paper not marked or stamped; and all persons who shall engross or write any matter or thing chargeable ’with any of the duties aforesaid, on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such penalty as is herein before directed to be inflicted on persons writing and engrossing on\rellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped.

XLIII. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, which has been marked or damped, and has paid the duties granted by any act or acts of parliament heretofore made, shall and may be used for thp purposes thereby intended, without any additional damp, mark, or duty, except in cases where by this act, or any other act or acts, duties greater than those heretofore laid on, are or have been imposed, in all which cases, it diall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of them, if they diall think proper so to do, upon requed of any person or persons, to order either that such vellum, parchment, and paper be damped with a duty denoting a higher duty, the person or persons requesting the fame, paying the difference of price between the said respective damps; or that vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with damps denoting such duties as the person or persons requeding the fame diall desire, be given to such person or persons in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper, as shall be offered for exchange; provided that the amount of the duties to be marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper, so to be damped, shall not exceed the amount of the duties on the vellum, parchment, and paper, so to be offered for exchange: Provided also, That the damps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper, so to be offered for exchange, be cancelled.

XLIV. And for the better distribution of the said vellum, parchment and paper, and that your Majesty's subjects may have the fame with convenience, and at an easy rate; be it enacted, That the lord lieutenant-or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, diall, once in every year, at lead, set the prices at which all forts of damped vellum, parchment, and paper shall be fold; and the said commissioners for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall damp the prices lo set upon every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, and on every piece and (beet of paper so by them to be sold; and the said commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person who shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper, to the said head-office to be damped, in pursuance of tfiis aft, the duties whereof shall amount to the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards.

Fa , favc

A.D.

1799-Chap. g.

t

24 *The thirty-ninth Year George III.

A.D.

save vellum, parchment, and paper, to be damped with the duty of two hundred I7yo. pounds in the frrd schcdirle mentioned, after the rate of three pounds for every Chap/ $. hundred pounds, upon prompt payment of the said duty upon fuAi vellum, parch-me;it, or paper so by them brought 5 and that any person or pcvfons who shall buy any parchment or piper at the head-office for stamping the fame, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of twenty pounds or upwards, five as a fore said, shall have the fame allowance for prompt payment.

XLV. Prov'ded always. That no person shall be entitled to such allowance of three/rr con:. save primers and putlifhers of new (papers, and almanacks, by virtue of th.is ad, urdefs an affidavit IT ill be sworn before one of the said commissioners, and lodged in the said office, that the vellum, parchment, and paper, upon which such allowance is to be made, is intended to bc#vcnded by retail, fair and without any writing thereon, and by the pc.ion making such affidavit, for his own sole use and benefit.

XLVI. Provided always, That the duty mentioned in the said schedule, shall not be charged on any draft or order for the payment of money on demand, payable to bearer, drawn upon any banker or person acting as a banker, within ten miles of the pljce where such draft or order shall be actually drawn and issued.

XLVII. And be it enacted, Thai the duties by this act charged on bills of cx-change, promiffiory notes, drafts, or orders, fit all be paid by the person or per foils giving the same.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall xharge any receipt for any money paid into the bank of Ireland, or the house of any hanker, or any receipt or other discharge given for the purchase of any flock or fund, or flock in the bank of Ireland, nor for any money payable on the government funds established by parliament, or cn any other flock as aforesaid, nor on any receipt -given<on the back of any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promiffiory or other note, or any receipt on any bank-note, or lunk-poll-bill, or to any letter acknowledging the safe arrival of any bit’s, notes, or remittances, or any receipt en« dorfed on, or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other obligatory inflrumciu by this act directed to be stamped, or to any release or acquittance by deed, or to any receipt givemby any agent for money on account of the pay of the army or ordnance, or to any receipt given by any officer or fcaman, or soldier, or their representatives for wages, or other monies due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance, or to any receipt given by any officer of the exchequer or revenue, for money received on account of any duty, tax, rent, or other sum paid for the use of his Majesty.

XLIX. Provided that nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be construed to charge or aided any bank-note, or bank-post-biil, which shall be issued for any fumlcfs than fifty pounds, by any banker or bankers, who shall have registered his or their name or names, and firm, in manner by this act prescribed, or which shall be issued by the governor or company of the bank of Ireland, with any greater or higher duty than a* follows: That is to say; for each and every such bank-note, or bank-po(l*bill, where the sum expressied therein shall not apiouut to five pounds, the sum of one penny halfpenny 3 where the sum expressied therein shall amount to five pounds, and shall not amount to ten pounds, the sum of three pence 3 and where the sum expressied therein shall amount to ten pounds, and shall not amount to fifty pounds, the sum of four pence.

L. And be it enacted, That all bank-notes, and bank-pofl-bills which shall be issued by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until or on the twenty-fifth day of March which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred, as well those issued for sums under fifty pounds, as those issued for that sum or any

lar£e

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 45

larger sum, shall be exempt from the duties hereby charged thereon respectively A.D. provided the governor and company of the said bank shall have previously paid in-|jgg, to his Majesty's treasury such sum of money, not exceeding the sum of three thou* Chapi sand pounds, as shall be agreed upon, by and between the said governor and compa-ny and the lord high treasurer of Ireland, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland, as compensation for, and to be in lieu of, and in full satisfadUon for all stamp duties payable upon all notes and bills to be issued by the said bank, during the time aforesaid.

Til. And be it enacted, That all bank-notes, and b.mk-post-bills which shall be issued by any other bank or banker, or bankers, as well those issued for sums under fifty pounds, as those issued for that sum, or for any larger sum, shall be exempt Trom the duties hereby charged thereon, respectively, for and during such portion and portions, part and parts of the year commencing the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and to end on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, for which such tfank or bankers respectively shall have previously agreed with the lord high treasurer of Ireland, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland, provided such -ibank or bankers shall have previously registered the firm of such bank, or the name or names of such bankers, with the said lord high treasurer or commissioners for executing the office oflord high treasurer; and provided that such bank or bankers, respectively shall have previously paid into his Majesty's treasury such Fum or sums -of money as shall or may be agreed upon, by and between the said banker or bankers, and the said lord high treasurer, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, as a compensation for, and to be in lieu of, and in full fatit faction for all stamp duties payable on all the notes and bills to be issued by such bank or bankers, respectively, during the said portion and portions, part and parts of the said year.

LII. And be it enacted, That all persons registering themselves as bankers, for the purpose herein before mentioned, shall to ail intents and purposes, be considered as bankers, within the meaning of the laws now in Force within this kingdom.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the whole Turn for which any receipt shall be :jiven, shall be really expressed in such receipt; and all persons who shall give or accept any receipt in whichaless sum shall be expressed than the sum actually received, with an intent to evade the duties, or shall divide the sum actually paid in divers receipts, or shall, by any general acknowledgment, or use of the word settled" or such like, or any words, endeavour to evade the duties, or be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent contrivance, to defraud his Majesty of any of the duties on receipts, such person or persons so giving or accepting such receipt

or general acknowledgment, or so receiving a less sum than shall be expressed in such receipt, shall forfeit twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to be paid

to the informer, who shall first sue for the same, and the other to your Majesty.

LIV. And be it enacted, That all receipts expressed to be In full, or as a fa-tisfattion of all demands, and all general acknowledgments of debts or de- , mands being discharged, or settled, and all bills or accounts signed by any feller of goods, or any person for him, or her, and delivered to the purchaser thereof, wherein the sum really^ received shall not be bona Jide specified, shall be liable to the duty of two shillings.

LV. And be it enacted, That the duty on receipts shall be paid by the person by whom the same shall be given, as well by landlords as by all other persons.

You XIX. C LV I. A mi

1

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

LVI. And be it enacted, That all undamped receipts not amounting to two pounds, and which shall, by the insertion of the words " in full of all demands,* or otherwise, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged, may be given in evidence, and may be available in law for such sum so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgment of all the debts being discharged.

LVII. And be it enacted, That all receipts impressed with a damp of two-pence, in which any money amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds, dull be expressed, and which shall, by insertion of the words " in full of all demands," or otherwise, be given as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged, may be given in evidence, and may be available for such fuin so expressed, but not as a general acknowledgment of all debts being discharged.

LVIII. Provided always, That every person receiving money who shall, upon demand, refuse to give a receipt for the fame, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; one mcie'y thereof to the informer, who shall first fuc for the fame, and the other moiety to your Majesty, to be recovered by civil bill, or before a magistrate in a summary manner.

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall charge any receipt given for drawbacks or bounties on the exportation of any goods from this kingdom, or any other bounties payable pursuant to act of parliament, on any goods whatever, or on any certificates of every entry of any duties of culloms, nor to any portage bills allowed to mailers of vessels for making a true report of their cargoes at the custom-house, or promissory notes for any sum not exceeding two pounds ten shillings, to be passed for thhes.

LX. And be it enacted, That every person who shall write or sign, or cause to be written or signed any bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, or order, or any receipt or other discharge given for the payment of money, liable to any (lamp duty charged by this act, without being first stamped, or on which there shall not be some (lamp resembling the fame, he shall for every such bill of exchange, promissory note, draft, order, or receipt, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LXr. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace near the place where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act, which subjects the offender or offenders to any penalty not exceeding twenty pounds \ and such justice of the peace is, upon any information cr complaint, hereby authorized and empowered to summon the party so accused, and also the witnesses on either fide, and to examine into the fast, and upon proof thereof, made either by the confession of the person or persons committing such offence, or bj the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, to give judgment for such penalty, and to issue his warrant under his hand and seal, for levying such penalty on the goods of such offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, and rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where goods iuflicient cannot be found to answer such penalty, such justice of the peace is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such offender or offenders to prison, for the space of three months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid $ and if any person or persons find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of such justice of the peace, then, and in such case, he or they, upon giving (Security to the amount of the penalty, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgment shall be affirmed, may appeal to the justices at the next general quarter sessions which shall happen after fourteen days next after such conviction shall ha?€ been made, and of which appeal notice in wanting shall be given to the prosecutor or prosecutors, ten days previous to the first day of such quarters sessions \ anti such justices shall summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally hear and determine the fame, and no certiorari shall be granted to examine or remove such determination; and in case the judgment of such justice of the peace shall be affirmed, it shall and

3 may

s

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

*7

m*y be lawful for such justices as aforesaid to award the person or persons to pay such eofts occasioiicd by such appeal as to them shall fecm meet: And it shall be lawful for the justice of the peace, where he lees cause, to mitigate such penalties, eofts of the officers and informers being always allowed above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety above the said eofts.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as Witness or witnesses, to give evidence before such justice of the peace, and shall neglect or refuse to appear (such witness or witnesses* expences being first paid or tendered) without a reasonable excuse, to be allowed by such justice of the peace, or upon appearing shall refuse to be examined upon oath, or give evidence before such justice of the peace, then such person or persons shall forfeit the ftirn of five pounds, the same to be levied in such manner as is herein last directed, unless such person or persons so refusing to be examined upon oath, or to give evidence, shall make reasonable excuse for fuchrefufal, the same to be allowed of by such justice of the peace before whom such trial shall be had.

LXIII. And be kenacted, That no person shall be liable to be convicted before any justice of the peace for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint shall be made within twelve months from the time of committing such Offence.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That any shop-keeper, or shop-keepers, dealer, or dealers, or Other person or persons, who shall for his, her, or their own sole use, purchase at the head office in the city of Dublin, any quantity of paper, damped for receipts, and shall at the time of purchasing such stamped paper, write, or cause to be written or printed thereon, these words, " I, or we," (here inserting the name or names, or firm of the person or persons for whose use such paper shall be intended to be ©fed,) " do hereby acknowledge, that I, or we," (as the case may be) have received, shall have an allowance thereon, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum^ if the quantity so purchased at one time, shall amount to the value of five pounds,' and not exceed fifteen pounds, and after the rate of twenty pounds ptr centum, if the quantity so purchased at one time shall amount to fifteen pounds or upwards.

LXV. And be it enacted, That no declaration or plea, of demurrer, in any action or suit at law, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, nor any bill or aa-fwer, plea or demurrer, in any court of equity, shall be received or filed, unless the attorney or solicitor tendering the same to be filed, shall, at the nme he shall so tender the same to the officer of the court with whom the fame ought to be filed, deposite with such officer the warrant iippowering him to prosecute or deYend such action or suit, which warrant such officer shall, without fee or reward, file and keep in his office; and if any officer of any of such courts shall receive any of such pleadings, without such tv. rrant being so deposited with him, he fllaU forfeit the sum of ten pounds to any person who shall (uc for the fame in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

LXVI. Provided always, That in case the party for whose benefit the said suit is prosecuted or defended, shall be out of the kingdom, that the attorney or solicitor, so profetnting or defending the fame, shall be received so to do, upon making an affidavit before the said officer, which affidavit the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, that hie client is out of the kingdom, and that the delay would be injurious; and on paying the duty payable on warrants of attorney, of which the said officer is hereby directed to keep an account, as he is also required to pay over the same to the proper officer for receiving the starap duties imposed by this act.

G z LXVII. Provided

A.D. 1799.

Chap. 5.

9

rr^yr%-

X

h

28 STA? thirty-ninth Fear George III.

A.D.

LXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any pro-

1799. feeding to judgment by cegnovit aEiionem^ or any bond or bill, or to the entering of

f <Chap. 5. satisfafl ion on any judgment or recognizance.

LXVIII. And for better collecting and securing the duties hereby charged on pamphlets, be it enacted, That one printed copy of every such pamphlet

which shall before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, be printed or publhlied within the city of Dublin, shall, within the ’space of six days after the printing thereof, be brought to the said head-office for marking or stamping vellum, parchment or paper, and the title thereof, with the number of fiiects contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, shall be registered. or entered in a book to be. there kept for that pur-Tpose,' which duty shall be thereupon paid to - the proper officer or officers appointed to receive the fame, or his or their deputy pr clerk, who shall there- -upon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlets j and that one printed copy of every such pamphlet that shall be printed or published in any place, not being within the city of Dublin, fluill, within the space of fourteen days after the printing thereof, be -brought to some head distributor or collector of the stamp duties, who is*hereby required forthwith to enter <the title -thereof, with the number of sheets contained therein, and the duty -hereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to such collector, who shall give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That if any such pamphlet shall be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged thereupon shall not be duly paid within the respective times herein before, for the several purposes hereby limited, then the printer and pubIHher, and all other persons concerned in and about the printing and pub-Jlishing df such pamphlets, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to be.paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of the person who shall inform and sue for the same, by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in tlje court of proper jurisdiction.

LXX. And be it enacted, That no printer, or other person or persons shall, after the passing of this act, pub ifh any newspaper, or any paper ferviqg the purpose of a newspaper, unless he, she, or they, together with the proprietor or proprietors of fudh paper, shall »within twenty-one -days after parting thereof, together with two sufficient sureties, have entered into security by bond, in a film not exceeding three hundred pounds, nor less than two hundred, pounds, to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, conditioned for the payment of the duty upon advertisements which shall be printed therein, upon pain that every person so offending forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other to such person as shall inform and sue for the same, by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That if any primer, publisher, or proprietor of any such newspaper shall quit this kingdom, and continue absent therefrom for the space <of three months, or shall have become, or be found a bankrupt, or shall have become,' and be found a lunatick, or nen-eompos mentis, or shall be out-law ed for any crime, or shall be found gu lly and receive judgment for printing or publishing any traitorous or seditious libel, that then and in every such case, such printer or printers, publisheror publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall, to all intents and purposes, be considered as if he^ fhc, or they had given due notice of having jiarted

with

I

I

7 he thirty-ninth Yea of George III.

29

with and transferred his or her property in such newspaper or newspapers respeo fa J) tivtly.

LXXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the assignees of such bankrupt, or the committee or committees of such lunatick or non-com;os mentis, from printing and publishing such newspaper, upon making the affidavit and entering into the recognizance by law required, that they are the printers and publishers of such newspapers respectively, in trufl for such bankrupt, or assignees of, and committees of lunaticks, and non-compos mentis respectively.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all the materials and utensils for printing, used in, and kept at, or belonging to any printing house in which any newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, as aforesaid, hath been, or shall be printed, into whose hands soever the same shall have come, or by W’hatsoever conveyance or title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the lidl place liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all and every such sum and Anns of money as have become due, or shall become due, for the duty, by this or any former act of parliament, charged on advertisements, which have been, or shall be printed or published in such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, and as shall be due for fines or penalties adjudged against the printer or printers, publifber or pubfifhers, proprietor or proprietors of such newspaper, under and by virtue of this act, during such time as such materials or utenGls were, or shall be used in, or kept at, or did or shall belong to such printing.house, as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful, ia all cases, to levy such sum and sums of money upon such materials and utensils, in like manner as if the printer or printers of such newspaper, or other paper, as aforesaid, were the proprietor or proprietors of such materials and utensils at the time of levying the same.

LXXIV. And be it onaded. That no person shall fell, or expose to sale, any such pamphlet, or such newspaper, or any paper, serving the purpose of a newspaper, without the true name and surname, or names or futnames, and place or places of abode of fume known person or persons, by or for whom the fame w as really and truly printed or published, being written or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person as shall fuc for the fame, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in die court of proper jurisdiction.

LKXV. And be it enacted, That no officer appointed for distributing vellum, parchment, or paper, in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any stamped paper for % printing any publick newspaper, intelligencer, <3v occmrenee, to any person, unless such person shall give security, by bond as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties for the advertisements which shall be printed therein, or thereupon.

LXXVI. And bc.it enacted, That in all cases where any pencil or person w ho is, or arc, or shall be entitled to obtain from the said comreifiicners, or tlnir officers, stamped paper for the printing of any newspaper or other paper a fore lb id, ot which he, she, or they is or shall be printer or printers, publifber or publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other person or persons with any such stamped paper, e\ery such printer, publlsher, or proprietor, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered by action or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record in this king-do: n, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the person suing for the fame; and if any person or persons shall make use of any stamped paper for the printing of any news-Vol XIX. H paper,

*709-Chap, s-

30 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

paper, or other paper, as aforesaid, which he, she, or they shall receive, or be 17cjr), furnished with by any other person or persons than the said commissioners, or their

Chap. 5. officers, or distributors, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied and recovered in like manner as the said last mentioned forfeiture is to be applied and recovered.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any of them, or such of their officers ns shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall and may cancel, or cause to be cancelled, all the {lamps on such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories which shall really and truly remain unh id in the hands of the person or persons by or for whom the same shall be print-. ed or published, upon oath, or, if a quaker, upon fclemn affirmation, made before the said commissioners, or any of them, or such officer, to the fat is fact ion of such commissioners, or any of them, or such officer as aforesaid, that all newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, containing the stanips so tendered to be cancelled, are really and trufy remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons by or for whom the fame were printed or published, and that none of such newt-papers, almanacks, or Dublin directories, have been fraudulently returned, or rebought, after the same shall have been fold and disposed cf, or any profit or advantage made thereof; which oath or affirmation the said connuissioners, or any of them, and the said officers respectively, arc or is hereby authorized to ad minuter, and also to examine upon oath,or affirmation into all the circurnltances relating to the felling or disposing of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, shall or may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other fluvts, half fhects, or less pieces of paper properly ft.imped, with the fame respective stamps, upon payment made for such paper, but no duty fiiull be taken for the (lamps thereon.

LXXVIII. Provided always, Th;it where any almanack shall contain more than . one piece of paper., it shall be sufficient to (lamp only one of the pieces of paper upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

LXXI\. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any of them, or such of their.officers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall or may can-. cel, or cause to be canceled, any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, written or engrossed, which shall be inadvertently or undeflgncdly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose- intended, and which shall net have been signed by any party or parties, and which shall not have been used for any other purpefe or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other con-

- Adoration, paid or gi"en to the attorney, solicitor, or other person employed to ivanf-atl the business intended to have been carried into execution by such writing or en-grofiment, or to the writer or engrGfler thereof, for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereon, and upon oath (or if a known quaker, upon fclemn

v affirmation) made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or any of them, or of the said officer, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners are. or any > of them, and the said officer is hereby, authorized to administer, that such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so engrailed or written upon, cr spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose-intended, hath not been ex-

- ecuted or signed by any party or parties, or used for any purpose, cr in any other manner whatsoever; and that no. money or other consideration hath been paid or ’given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, save and except the money fuTl paid for such duty or duties to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to gollefl and receive the same; and the said commissioners are hereby required to (lamp or mark, or cause to be stamped or marked; for the several persons who shall bring and deliver any quantity of

- stamped vellum, parchment, or paper so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obli-

terated,

‘Tie thirty-ninth Year of George III.

3‘

terated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or fenfice, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, wit£ the several and respective duties uamped, marked, or impressed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, so written, or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame, any sum of money, or other consideration whatsoever; and the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered, from time to time, to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times for such cancelling and allowance as aforesaid, with respect to newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, and ether matters, as they shall, upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances, find ne-, cessary and convenient for effectudlly securing the duties thereon, and doing justice to the persona concerned therein.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, if any person or persons shall print, publish, tell, hawk, carry about, utter, or expose to sale any almanack or calendar, or Dublin directory, or any newspaper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed or construed to be, or serving the purpose of any almanack, or Dublin directory, or nev/1-paperj or daily account of goods imported and exported, (except as before excepted) within the intention or meaning of this act, not being marked or stamped, as by this act is directed, every such person shall, for every almanack, calendar, Dublin directory, newspaper, book, pamphlet, or paper so printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, uttered or exposed to sale, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same in a fumnrcry way, before any justice of vthe pe?.ce, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and upon due preof thereof upon oath, and upon default of payment of the said penalty, to commit the offender to prison for one month, for every such default, without bail or mainprize; which penalty shall be to the foie use and bo nefit of the person or persons who shall, without fraud or covin, firtl sue for the same.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every printer or publisher of a newspaper, or daily- account of goods imported or exported (except as before excepted) printed or s published in the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, during the continuance of this act, shall, on every day of publication, or the day following, between the hours of twelve and two, on each day, catife to be delivered to the register of pamphlets, or to such other person ns shall be appointed to act as remitter in the oilice of such vegiiler or person, in the (lamp office in the city of Dublin, one im-pivflion or copy of the newspaper so printed or published, with his or her name written thereon, after the same shall be printed, by his or Iter own proper handwriting, in his or her accustomed manner of signuig the fame; and every printer or publisher of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid, in any other place in this kingdom, shall, on the clay of the publication of such newspaper, or on the day following, in like manner, between the hours of twelve and two o'elgck, enufe to be delivered to the next distributor of (lamps in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed or published, two imprefiions or copies of every such newspaper so primed or published, with his or her name written thereon, after the same shall be printed, by his or her proper hand, in his or her ac-customed manner of signing the fame, for which several copies or imprefiions so delivered, the respective printers or publishers thereof shall be paid the usual and current prices of such imprefiions or copies; which said several copies or inipreflicns so delivered as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be evidence against the several proprietors, publishers, and printers of such newspapers, respect

A.D.

1799-Chap. 5.

lively,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

tively, for any offence whatever in all complaints, suits, actions, indictments, informations, and prosecutions, to be commenced and carried on, as well touching such newspaper respectively, as every matter and thing therein contained, and touching any other newspaper, and every matter and thing therein contained, which flKill be of the fame title, purport, or effect, with such impression or copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame should vary in lbme instances; and the printers, publishers, and proprietors of the impressions or copies, so delivered as aforesaid, shall be deemed printers, publMhers, or proprietors, respectively, of all newsparers which shall he of the fame title, purport, or effect, with such copies or im ressions so delivered as aforesaid, unless such printers, or proprietors, reflectively, fl ail prove that such newspapers, respectively, were not printed or published by them, ref eftively, or by or with their knowledge, privity, or direction; and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of such news, a; er or newspapers, or daily account of goods imported and exported, (except as before excepted) who shall ne-gled or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copy or impression signed as aforesaid, as herein before directed, shall for every such omission pay a penalty cf cme hundred j.ounds; and every printei, proprietor, or, publisher, of any undamped news£ a; er, or daily account as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every paper so unflam, td, which he or she shall print or publish, or cause to be primed or published *, :such penalties refj eftively to be recovered by any persons or , yersons who shall sue for the same, by action or information, in any of his Majesty's xourts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill at the sessions of the county of Dublin, or before;the recorder of the city of Dublin, or at the affixes in the county where the printer, proprietor, or publisher of such undamped news aper or newspapers, or daily accounts, as aforesaid, shall reside refjreftively, or shall print and publish such newspapers, or daily accounts; one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person, suing.for the same.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the printed, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, or paper serving the j urpose of a newspaper, shall, u; on at.y jtiial in any complaint, suit, action, indictment, information, or prosecution, to be commenced or carried on, touching fych newspaper, refute to admit that the im-.ppeilion or copy of the paper Jcft,at the-stamp office in the city of Dublin, or with the distributeor of (lamps in the county in which such newspaper shall be printed or published, was printed or puhliflied by him, then, and in such case the co\ y or im-.. preilion to be left at the stamp office in the city of Dublin, or with the distributeor of stamps in the county wherein such newspaper shall be printed, shall be considered as printed and published by him, unless he fl.all prove that he left, or caused to be left, at , the time by this act required, a printed* ropy or;impression of the paper pubiiifed by him, with the officer or person with whom he is by this act directed to leave the fame with bin name written thereon in his own hand-writing, in the manner direct-jed by this act.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That every printerr publisher, or proprietor o'* any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrencer,j or any paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, intelligencer or occurrencer, whether for himself or in trust for -any bankrupt or lunatick, shall,.as often as the com mil honors for managing his Majesty's amp duties, or any two of them, shall fee reasonable grounds for requiring the fame, and shall by notice in writing, or others ife, require the fame, within ten days after being so required, give into^the said commissioners, at their head-office, or to their proper officers in their respective tovi ns, and at the respective offices where stamped paper shall be distributed ncardl to the place where such paper shall be ^printed or published, such affidavit, and of such import, as printers, pubiilhers, or proprietors of newspapers are, or shall by any law or laws be directed to make; which affidavit or affidavits shall remain with such commiCioners of (lamps, or of-

t

*1 he thirty-ninth Year George II. f. 3

ficers to be produced as occasion may require, at or before the trial of all such ac- j)

tions, suits, prosecutions, informations, or indictments, as shall be had or commenced, filed or found, touching such newspaper, or any publication therein contained j and such affidavit or affidavits shall be received and admitted in all court; of justice, as conclusive evidence of all such matters therein, as are hereby required to be therein contained ag;iinlt all and every the persons and pevfcns who shall have signed and sworn the fame, as aforesaid, on the trial of any action, suit, prosecution, information, or indictment \ and every printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrencer, whether for himself, or inltruft for any ^bankrupt or lunatick, who shall, when required thereto, as aforesaid, neglect or omit to give in as aforesaid, within the time, and at the places aforesaid, such affidavit as aforesaid, shall, for every such neglect or omission, pay a penalty of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in tins' kingdom, or by civil bill, at the sessions of the county of Dublin, or before the recorder of the city of Dublin, or at the assizes in such county, where the printer, publisher, or proprietor of such newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrencer, shall reside respectively, and shall be disabled from receiving any stamped paper for printing such newspaper upon, and shall be deemed and taken as if he never had been qualified to print or publish any newspaper, until he, she, or they shall make and deliver in such affidavit as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may fee lawful for any of the commissioners of stamp duties, or for such other officer ort officers by them appointed for the distribution of fiamp paper as aforesaid, to take 'such affidavit and affidavits as aforesaid, which affidavit or affidavits shall be so made and taken without fee or reward; and if any person shall wilfully swear any such affidavit or affidavits, and that the fame or any part thereof, shall contain a false-hood, every such person so swearing any such affidavit or affidavits, shall, upon due «onviction of such offence, incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by Jaw liable and subject to.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That any printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, shall by the said commissioners be considered as having quit the kingdom, who shall not, within ten days after notice in writing or otherwise given, or served in the name of the said commissioners, or any two of them,' at the office where such newspaper shall be printed or published, requiring him, her, or them, to make affidavit of the place or places of his, her, or their then residence or dwelling, make before, and deposit with one of the said commissioners, or before a distributor in the country, appointed chr to be appointed by said commissioners for distributing stamped vellum, parchment or paper in the country,* which affidavit said commissioners and distrihators are hereby authorized to take, an affidavit that he or flie has not been absent from this kingdom ten days together, from the time at which he, she, or they became printer, publisher, or proprietor of such newspaper, and letting out the place of his, her, or their then residence and usual dwelling.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That any person who shall buy or foil, or have, or keep in his, her, or their possession, any undamped newspaper, during the continuance of this act, shall be subject and liable to the penally of ten pounds derling for every undamped newspaper so bought or sold, or so found in his, her, or their possession, such penalty to be recovered by civil bill by any person who shall sue for the same; one moiety of such penalty so be disposed of to the poor of the parish in which such offence shall be committed, and the other to the use of the informer.

Vol. XIX. I JLXXXVU. Sn£

1799-Chap. ‘5*

I

7hethirty-ninth Year of George III.

LXXXVII. And whereas many printers and publishers of newspapers strike off a second publication, containing more advertisements or other matter than are contained in the copy given in at the head-office as aforesaid, or to the distributor, if in the country, by which means your Majesty may be defrauded of the duty hereby granted, and other mischiefs and inccnvenienclcs arise: Be it therefore enrefed, That any printer or pu’dither who fi all vary any of the daily publications, or publish the fame without giving in a copy of such second imprefion, signed as aforesaid, if in Dublin, to the hand office as aforesaid, or if in the country, without g-ving in two copies to the distributor of Ramps, f* all for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds Ruling, to any person or persons who dull fuc for the fa me in any court of record, by action, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no clluign, protection, or wager of law (Lull be allowed, or by civil bill in the proper court; and every such fvcond or other varied imprtflion shall be deemed to be undamped, and the printer and publisher thereof shall be liable to all such pains, penalties, and forfeitures as if the fame were undamped.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall print or publish any advertisement or advertisements in any pamphlet, newspaper, or other literary performance, shall, within the space of thirty days next after the last day of each month, if such advertisement or advertisements (I all be printed or published within the city of Dublin, pay or cause to be paid the duty, or duties thereon hereby charged, to the respective persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective deputies or clerks; ami if printed and published in any place out of the limits of the city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the time being, appointed for the collection of the said stamp duties; and the said commissioners and officers, or such of them to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required, upon payment of the duties hereby charged bn such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby charged thereupon; and upon payment thereof in the manner and within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the said commissioners or their officer receiving the fame, shall make to the person or persons paying the fame, out of the sums so to be paid, an allowance at the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy and in default of such payment within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer or publisher of every such advertisement shall be liable to pay to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, treble the duties herein bcfoie by th;s act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full costs of suit.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any printer or puhlifher of any newspaper, or other.paper serving the purposes of a ne\Vlpaper, shall be, by due course of law, outlawed for any criminal offence, or convicted, and receive judgment for printing or publishing a traiorous or fedkious libel, the said commissioners, and their officers for distributing Ramped vellum, parchment, or paper respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the uft of any such printer, publishcr, or proprietor so outlawed for any criminal offence, or who shall be convicted, and receive judgment for printing and publishing a traitorous and fediticus libel, any Ramped paper for printing any newspaper; and if any printer, publishcr, or proprietor of a newspaper, or other paper, serving the purposes of a newspaper, shall, within the time herein before limited for payment thereof, neglect to pay the duties hereby charged on advertisements, the said commissioners, and their officers for dif-tiibuting vellum, paper, and parchment, respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, cr for the use of such printer, publishcr, or proprietor, any Ramped paper for printing any newspaper upon, until such printer, publishcr, or proprietor, so in arrear, shall have pahl and discharged all arrears of such advertisement duty, to the payment of which he was subject to and for the laR day of the month, next preceding the month in which fu:h payment shall be made.

c ‘ XC. And

34

A.D.

1799-Chap. 5.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

XC. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons Aiall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge, or cause cr procure to be counterfeited or forged any type, mark, or (lamp to rekmble any type, mark, or (lamp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or ufeJ at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or piper, or other matter dirccled to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or Avail counterfeit, mark, or impress, ot cause or procure to be counterfeited, masked, or inpressed on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment or paper, or other matter or thing directed to be stamped, any of the dimes by this act charged thereon, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any of the duties hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be uticied, vended, or fold, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impression thereupon, to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid, for ti\e purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited; then, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuller death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XCI. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, no person or persons shall keep any printing press or types for printing, or publickly or privately insure or open, or keep any office in this kingdom for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire; or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes from the danger of the seas, or other perils'at sea, without first taking out a license for that purpose from the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

XCII. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the paffirg of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or any two of them, shall, under their hands and seals, grant a license for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, and also for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, to all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons applying for the fame; which license shall set forth the name or names, and other description of the body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons taking out the fame, and also the principal house pr other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods,'wares, and merchandizes, or ether property, from loss by fire, or of insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, shall, at the time of taking out such license, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politick or corporate, or oilier person or persons taking out the same.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing'of this ail, the said commissioners for the time being, or any two of them, shall, under their hands and seals, grant a license for keeping printing -prefix's, or types for printing on paper, to such person or persons who Anil apply for the fame, and who Aiall have performed the requisitcs which Aiall, by any law then in force in this kingdom, be necessary to be performed.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons who Aiall keep or use a priuting-press, or types for priming, without obtaining such license ac aforesaid, Aiall forfeit such printing-press and types, and the sum of one hundred pounds; the said sum to be recovered by action or inlorir.ation in any your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill i:i the court of proper juiifdiciion, one moiety

I 2 thereof

35

A. IX

799-Chap.

3

A.D.

‘799-Chap. 5.

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

thereof to be paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person who shall ipform and sue for the same.

X*CV. And be it enacted, That every license to be taken out under this act, shall have force only from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, and no longer.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, who now, or which, during the time aforesaid, shall insure, and set up, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goo Is, wares, merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, or for insuring goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the danger of the seas, or other perils at fca, without such license as aforesaid, or in any other house or place, except the house or place to be named in the license under which such body or bodies politick or corporate,’ or other person or persons shall act; or such other house or houses, place or places, as shall be subordinate to the house or place to be named in such license, and be kept by some person or persons employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons having such license as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such license, or to the intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit for every day on which such offence shall be committed the sum of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which such body or bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons shall receive on any such day.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politick or corporate, to whom any such license as aforesaid shall be granted, shall at the time of receiving such license, give security, with sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said commissioners, or any two of them, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in fudn sums as the said commissioners may think reasonable, so as the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by Tucfi body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons respectively, for half a year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign, and deliver an account of all money received for such duties upon insurances, and well and truly make payment of all such sums of money as shall be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the directions, matters and things herein contained, on his, her, or their behalf, to be observed and periormed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to remain in full force.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That every license to be taken under this act, shall have force only from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, and no longer; but if a license shall be grant;d to two or more persons, find any or either of them shall die before the said twenty-fifth day of March, it shall continue in force during the time aforesaid, for the benefit of the survivor or survivors of the persons licensed.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That where such business of insuring is carried on by companies, con filling of a greater number of partners than four, the license so to be granted by the said commissioners in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or more of any of such company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnership, as shall be named to the said commissioners, under authority from such company or partnership, and in every fiach case the license shall continue in full force until such time as aforesaid, from the day of granting the fame, notwithstanding the deaths of the persons to whom such license shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partnership.

'C. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, body and bodies politick and corporate, so to be licensed, who from and after the

twer.ty-

t

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall grant iny policy of insurance for insuring property from loss by fire, or from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, or shall continue to insure on any policy, shall by themselves, or such other person or persons as are, is, or shall be employed by, or under them, previously to the granting or continuing such policy of insurance, demand and receive, for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons whose property shall be so insured, the sum of one shilling for every sum of one hundred pounds for v. h ch such policy shall be so made or continued, and so in proportion for any bfs sum, and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid, as and for one year’s duty on such insurance from the day of the date of the policy thereof*, and in default of receiving such year’s duty in maimer aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies - politick or corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to your Majesty* your heirs and successors, for the said year’s duty, as if the bmc had actually been received.

CI. And for the more effectual prevention of frauds to evade the duty cn insurance against loss by fire, or from the danger of the leas, or other perils at sea, be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall add as agent or agents for any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, in publickly or privately insuring or receiving subscriptions for insuring, or delivering out policies or receipts for insurance from loss by fire, or from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea j except for such person or ersons, bodies politick or corporate, as shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the furm of one hundred pounds j and if any person or persons, whose house or houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, situate or being in this kingdom, shall at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred inclusive, be insured from loss by fire, or whose goods, wares, and merchandizes, shall be insured from the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, during the time aforesaid, by any person or persons, or bodies politick or corporate, not residing in this kingdom, shall omit, or neglect to pay the said commissioners the like duty, after the rate of one finding, and of one shilling and six-pence . respectively, for every one hundred pounds, as if such insurance was made by any person or persons licensed pursuant to this act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such omission or neglect j the said pen ikies reflectively to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, by bill, action, or information, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed *, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

CII. And be it enacted, That every person or persons who (had, at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclufiTC, entitle himself or herself, or themselves, to the benefit of any such insurance, shall forthwith, on his, her, or their becoming so entitled, pay, or cause to be paid to the insurer or insurers, the duties aforesaid, and such insurer or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for such duty to the person or persons paying the fame \ and in case of any default of payment of l\ich duty within the time, or in manner aforesaid, and before any loss shall be sustained, the policy of insurance, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, shall, so far as regards the insured, be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an old policy, for the lake of insuring a greater or d fferent sum* the fame proportionable abatement which Vox-. XIX. - K the

37

A.D. 1799. Chap. 5.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

the infurer or insurers shall make in respect to the premium of insurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on the new . Poli<7-

CIV. And be it enacted, That all and every the body and bodies politick and corporate, or other person or persons who under this act shall obtain a license for any office of insurance against loss by fire, or the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, shall from time to time, keep a true and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the number of the policy, or instrument of insurance, which from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, shall be issued or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politick or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the time for which the same shall be so insured, and also the day of the month, and the date of the year in which such policy shall be issued; which account shall at all times be open for the inspectton of any person or persons duly authorized under the hands and seals of the said commissioners for the stamp duties, or the major part of them, to inspect the same.

CV. And be it enacted, That alL and every the body and bodies politick and corporate, and other person and persons who shall have any license under this act for any insurance office, shall, from time to time, within the space of two months after the twenty-fou. th day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, or at such other times after the expiration of the said two months, as may be appointed by the major part of the commissioners of the stamp duties, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen flays nr more, by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them to receive the same at the head-office of the said commissioners, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices, body or bodies politick or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, for the quarter w'hich shall have been completed before such day of delivery or notice, as the case shall be, and at the same time shall pay all such sum and sums as shall appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time being, for receiving the said duties for the u(e of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, at the said head-office, upon pain of forfeiting for every such default the sum of five hundred pounds; and for every default in payment of the money due f>n said accounts, double the amount of the said monies, due^ on the said account at the time of such default.

CVI. And whereas it is, and hath been the custom for publick notaries to note bills of exchange for non payment, or non-acceptance, and not to protest the fame in proper form of law, by which the payment of the duties upon such noting or notarial acU has been, and may be evaded; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every publick notary shall* once in every two months during the time aforesaid, deliver to the said commissioners of stamp duties, or some person authorized by them at the head-office, to receive the same, a faithful and true account in writing, and upon oath, of such bills of exchange as aforesaid, which shall have been noted by such public notary, and shall at the same time pay unto the receiver-general of the stamp duties the sum of two shillings and six-pence for every such bill of exchange which shall be so noted by them, over and above the duty payable to his Majesty upon protesting the fame bill or bills, in ease the owner or owners, holder or holders thereof, shall at any time thereafter think proper to protest the fame; And in case any publick notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the dutiei aforesaid, every such publick notary shall for every such neglect or default, in de-8 liverffig

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 39

Tivering a true account of such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and for every default of payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the monies due on such account at the time of such default. '

CVII. And be it enacted, That the said receiver-general of the stamp duties, at the head office, or other person or persons duly appointed by the major part of the said commissioners to receive the said duties upon insurances against loss by fire, or the danger of the seas, or other perils at sea, shall make* an allowance to all and every person and persons, body and bodies politick or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid, respectively, for their own use and trouble in receiving the said duties, and making out such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one shilling in the pound out of the monies by them accounted for and paid to such receiver-general, or such other person or persons aforesaid according to the directions herein contained.

CVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, out of the produce of the duties hereby granted, to cause such sum and sums of money to be expended and paid, from time to time, for salaries and otheT incident chargea, as shall be necessary m and for the receiving, collecting, and levying, or managing of the said duties, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the officer and officers who shall be concerned in levying, collecting, and receiving the duties aiifing by this act, shall keep separate and distinct accounts thereof; and that the several didributori of stamps in the city or county of Dublin, shall weekly pay the same to the receiver-general of the stamp duties; and the receiver-general shall on every Wednesday in every week, unless the same shall be an holiday, and then upon the next ensuing day not being an holiday, pay all monies received by him and them in his hands, into his Majesty's treasury; an$l the distributors of {lamps employed in other parts of this kingdom, shall pay all sums received by them in like manner, and at the like times, to the several collectors of the inland excise of the respective districts in which fame shall be received and collected; and such collectors of inland excise are hereby authorized and required to receive and give receipts for the fame, without fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof; and the receiver-general shall in six days after the making any payment into your Majesty's treasury, and every distributor of stamps, in six days after his making any payment to any of the said collectors, 'shall give notice of the amount of such payments to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties; and every such collector shall pay the several sums so to them paid respectively from time to time, to the receiver-general, upon receiving from him acquittances for the fame;'and if such officers, or-any of them, shall neglect or omit to pay the duties so by him levied and collected, paid in and received as aforesaid, at the time, or in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies by them collected and received, then and for such offence he or they shall be dismissed from his or their employment, and be rendered incapable to serve your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and shall be charged with interest for the monies so detained in his and their hands, after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum; the same to be recovered by action, suit, information, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered by your Majesty, yourvheirs and successors, from publick accountants or debtors.

CX. And be it enacted, That there shall be kept in your Majesty's treasury* one book, in which all monies that shall be paid into the treasury by virtue of this act*1 shall be entered apart and distinct from all other monies paid or

K 2 payable

A.D.

1799-Chap. 5*

40 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A. 'D. payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon any account vrhat-J 179;. soever-

Chap. 5. CXI. And be it enacted, That the comptroller of the duties hereby granted, shall certify once in every week, to the accountant-general, the amount of the duties paid by the distributors or other officers of the stamp duties, to the several collectors of the inland excise* and that every such distributor *shall likewise certify to the accountant-general, and to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, once in every month, the full amount of the sunn paid by him on account of the said duties, to any collector or collectors of inland excise, specifying the name of such collector, and the respective times of payment, and the balance remaining in his hands^ and if such comptroller or dif- tributor shall neglect to certify in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit the sum of twen-.ty pounds.

CXII. And be it enacted, That all such collectors of inland excise shall, 'as to all such stamp duties so by them received, be subject and liable to the fame mode of account, and the fame regulations, save as herein mentioned, as they arc, and shall be subject to in respect of any other duties by them collected.

CXIII. And be it enacted, That none of the duties granted by this act Hull be received or collected by, or paid to the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, and that the several persons who have been, or shall be reflectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the said former acts granted, ill all, when called upon for that purpose, exhibit their respective accounts of such duties to the commissioners for taking im-prefl accounts for the time being, or the major part of them, who shall and are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upoa oath the person who shall be employed in raising, receiving, or collecting the said duties, as to their accounts, and as to the sum or sums of money which was, or were by them, or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the receipt of your MajestyV exchequer, 01 to the collectors of the inland excise as aforesaid and in accounting before the said commissioners or the major part of them, they are to produce proper vouchers for any sum or sums of money lo by them raised, received, and paid and the commissioners of imprest accounts, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to adjuil and settle such accounts, and to give discharges to the several accountants.

CXIV. And be it enacted, That when the accounts of the money received for the said several duties Ihallhave been so audited, the same shall be signed by the said commissioners of imprell; accounts, or the major part of them, and shall be at all times to the officers, therein concerned, a full and sufficient warrant and discharge to all intents and purposes.

CXV. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this add may be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdicttion 5 one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same.

CXVI. And be it enacted, That a separate and distinct account of all monies arising by the duties mentioned in the schedule marked A, on licenses 1 10 k. cp hr!-:7 offices, shall be kept by the several proper officers, and the fame, or a part thereof, shall be paid and applied to defray the charges

*r.d

The ihrrty-ninth Hear of George III. 41

and expellees of managing and drawing any lottery or lotteries in this king- D#

dohi, in such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or go- 1799.

vemors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct, and that the residue, Chap. 5. if 'any, shall be applied towards defraying the expences ef your Majesty's government.

CXVfl. And be it enacted, That the leading or service of any legal process in any suit to be brought against any printer, publisher, or proprietor of any newspaper, for the purpose of recovering of any debt or penalty under this act, at the printing office or place where such newspapers are usually and respectively printed or pub-fiflied, shall -be deemed and considered to all intents and purposes good service of such process.

CXVIII. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted, or received by any officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury in this kingdom for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids by this act granted, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act,but that the same shall be perceived and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

CXIX. Provided, That any person who shall purchase and pay for at the head-office for {lamping paper, to the value of three pounds, or upwards of paper stamped with any of the duties mentioned in the schedule B, hereunto annexed, and printed with the printed forms of summonses, procefies, civil bills, copies of summonses, processes, or civil bill decrees, dismisses, affirmations, renewals, or recognizances mentioned in the said schedule, shall be allowed by the commissioners for managing the stamp duties at the rate of ten pounds per centum for every such sum or sums to be paid as aforesaid.

CXX. Provided always, That if any deved, instrument, or writing, shall happen to be execute d on any stamp of greater' amount than at the rate prescribed by this act for such respective deed, instrument, or writing, that the same shall be considered as duly, stamped, within the due intent and meaning of this act.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That, if any printer, publisher, or proprietor of a newspaper, intelligencer, or occurrences or any paper serving the purposes of such, shall have in his, her, or their possession such paper as aforesaid; or if such paper shall be found in the house, office, or printing-office of such printer, publisher, or proprietor, printed, or m part printed upon unstamped paper, such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall be subject and liable to all the penalties and forfeitures by this or any other act imposed upon printers, publishers, or proprietors, for printing or publishing such newspaper as aforesaid upon unstamped paper.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all process which shall be entered or obtained to enforce the appearance or appearances of any defendant or defendants, in any court of law or equity in this kingdom, or to enforce the answer or answers of any defendant in any court of equity in this kingdom, shall be absolutely engrossed, and made out upon vellum, paper, or parchment, stamped with the duty charged by this act, upon such process, and in cafc'^he officer or officers who shall enter, or cause such pTocefs to be entered as aforesaid, shall neglect to have such process made out as aforesaid, he and they shall for every such neglect forfeit to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the sum of ten pounds, which sum shall be enforced in a summary way upon motion, by order of the court in which such process shall be entered.

Vol. XIX. L CXXIII. And

4*

A.D.

*'799-Chap. 5.

*The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CXXIII. And be it enacted, That no license to be granted to any person or persons to keep a lottery-office, or deal in any British or Irish lottery, shall continue longer than until die expiration of ten days after the end of the drawing of the lottery which shall begin to be drawn next after the granting such license, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIV. And be it enacted, That the schedules hereunto annexed shall be* deemed and taken as part of this act, to all intents and purposes.

SCHEDULES

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

SCHEDULES of the several Duties to be paid on every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper, on which shall be engrossed or written, or printed, any of the Articles, or Things therein set forth.

FOR every flcin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece or sheet of pape* on which shall be engrossed, or written, or printed, the following articles, the duties following shall be respectively paid;

Schedule A.

ARTICLES.

Any license to keep a lottery office ——

For and upon every license to any person to keep one or more printing-press, or prefles, the sum of Every patent for an archbishoprick -

Every patent for a dukedom -

Every patent for a marquisate -

Every patent for an earldom -

Every patent for a viscount

Every patent for a bishoprick

Every patent for a barony -

Every patent for a baronetage

Any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty or privilege to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame not hereby otherwise charged, commissions of rebellion in process always excepted -

Any presentation or donation which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made by any archbishop or bishop, of any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds And a further duty upon every such presentation or donation at the rate of five pounds for every hundred pounds exceeding the first one hundred pounds a year, the value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop or vicar-general of the diocese: provided always, that two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be deemed and taken to be one benefice only Any dispensation to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or master of the faculties for the time being -

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money, exceeding fifty pounds, and not exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pass the great seal of Ireland —

L 2 Any

Duties*

£ 4

200 0 0

5 0 0

100 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

50 0 0

190 0 0

5° 0 0

20 o o

25 6

4 6 8

27* thirty-ninth IT ear c/V George IIIv

ARTICLES

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any sum of money exceeding one hundred pounds, and not exceeding tw° lumdred pounds, which shall paC# the great sea! of Ireland And a further duty of fiye pounds on every such such grant for every one hundred pounds exceeding two hundred pounds Any grant of any oflice or employment which shall be of the value

of t;vo hundred pounds per annum ——

And a further duty of five pounds upon every such grant for every one hundred pounds/rr annum exceeding two hundred pounds per an-M num

Any'grant of any escheatorship ——

Any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of any clerk, advocate, pro£lor, notary, or other officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, or other perquisites, or any appeal from theoourt of admiralty* or the prerogative court, or

any^archiepiscopal court ——

Any admifiioh of any student into the society of KingVInns

Any admission of any barrister into the Inns of Court -

Any pardon (except the pardons passed in forma pauperis) of or for any crime or offence, or of any money or forfeiture whatsoever, or of any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or other forfeiture -

Any grant of land in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pase the great seal of the exchequer (cuj.otUam leases excepted) -

Upon each part of Indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney

And a further duty for the fame ——

Upon eachpartof indentures for binding an apprentice to a notary public Any admission of an attorney, or pio&or into every court into which

he shall be admired an attorney or proctor -

Every admission of a fedicitor into the court of chancery —

Every license to any person to act as a notary publ-c -

Any commissiom that shall be issued from any court whatsoever for

taking affidavits ——

Any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever* not hereby other wise charged

Any institution that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or eccluiastical court whatsoever; provided, that an institution to two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be considered as an institution to a single benefice ——

Any writ of covenant for levying a fine -

Any writ of entry for fufftring a common recovery , -

Any army lift, except such as shall be published with the approbation of the lord lieutenant general, or general governor of this kingdom, for the time being ——

Any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, or other deeds whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the court* of the city of Dublin, or in any court ot record whatever, except assignments of judgments ——

8

44

A.D. 1799.

Chap. 5.

Dptifs.

20 O

10 o a

20 o

10 0

20 O O

20 O O

46s

350

500

700

500

3 O 'O 300 1 29

1 S ° o 15

20 o 10 -0 I o

-o. 10

I o o Any 7

The thirty-ninth Year III.

ARTICLES.

Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal — " -

Any sentence that shall be given in the court, of admiralty, or any attachment (except in suits for recovery of seamen’s wages) that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty, or any relaxation of any such attachment -

Any commission issued out of any ecclesiastical court not herein before

particularly charged ——

Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty,

except in suits for recovery of seamen’s wages -

Any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, and not of /the value of one hundred pounds ——

If of thtf value of one hundred pounds, and not of the value of three

hundred pounds ——

If of the value of three hundred pounds, and not of the value of

six hundred pounds ——

If of the value of six hundred pounds, and not of the value of one

fthousand pounds ——

If of the value of one thousand, and not of the value of two thousand pounds -

If of the value of two thousand pounds, and not of the value of five thousand pounds -

If of the value ^of five thousand and not of the value of ten thousand pounds ~ '

And if of the value of ten thousand pounds -

Any writ of error, certiorari, or appeal, except to the delegates — Any receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other testamentary instrument, or for any ihare or part of a personal estate,

divided by force of the statute of distributions, the amount whereof shall be of the value of ten pounds, and not of the value of twenty pounds, except such legacies as shall be left to the wife, children, or grand children, of the person making such will or testamentary instrument, or shall be divided among them by force of the said statute -

4

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to fifty pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of fifty pounds, and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one hundred pounds, and not amounting to three hundred pounds, except as aforesaid -

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of three hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred pounds, except as aforesaid -

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of five hundred pounds, and not amounting to one thousand pounds —

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one thousand pounds, and not amounting to two thousand pounds ——

» And a further duty of twenty pounds for every one thousand pounds, exceeding the sum of two thousand pounds

Vo i* XIX. M " any

45

Duties. A« D.

[1799.

Chap. C. o 12 6 r J

O 10 o

07 6 07 6

0100

100

200

3

400

6 00

806 10 o a o 10 a

O' 5 © 0100

0150 2 0 0

400

1000

20 O o

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

articles.

Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants, or agreements, statute staple, or statute merchant, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by any person applying for li-confes to fell by retail, beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly -

Any record of mft prius, or pojlea -

Every judgment whatsoever, under one hundred pounds, which shall be signed by the matter of any office, or his deputy, or secondaryf or by any prothonotary, or his secondary, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the city of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or shall sign judgments —

Every such judgment which shall be for one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed tveo hundred pounds -

And a further duty of six pence, for every one hundred pounds, for which such judgments shall be signed, exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds -

Any cuJIodium under the seal of the exchequer, grounded on an outlawry in any civil action — — ' —

Any marriage license to be issued from the court of prerogative Any bill, atifwer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, save and except exceptions to answers

filed in the said courts ——

Any indenture, lease, release or deed-poll not otherwise charged, except indentures of apprenticeship, where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, such apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding poor parish, or other children supported by publick or private charities, and also except indentures for binding apprentices to attornies, or publick notaries -

Any charter party, policy of insurance, pnfiport, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, warrant of atrorney, (except warrants of attorney, and letters of attornej, hereby otherwise charged) or any other nonrial 1 -

Any petition in any court of law or equity *---

Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to receive rents Any letter of attorney, empowering any person to execute leases

Any admission into any corporation or company-----

For every (beet of any decree or dismissal made by or in the court of chancery — —* —

For every sheet of any decree or difmiiTal made by or in the court of exchequer — *— —

Any special bail to be taken in any of the courts of the city of Dub.

lin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court

Any common bail to be filed ill any court whatsoever, and any appearance that shall be made on such bail -

Duties,

£- 4

o S

O IQ o

050 o 10 o

0 S

S <5

040

0 5 o

0 4 o

0 26

1 X <j

5 11 6

o 10 o

o 1 6

o 4 o

c 1 c

o 1 o

Any

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

Any affidavit, except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's customs or excise, affidavits relative to criminal prosecutions, to road presentments, or accounting for the publick mopey, affidavits made for the purpose of registering freeholds, and mil affidavits to be made before any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation acting as a justice of the peace, and affidavits to be taken by a rnagiflrate acting in any court of conscience, or of summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of assize, ot commission of oyer and terminer relative to protections or trials on indictments, or to civil bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of raising or accounting for the public money, and except affidavits made relative to the hempen or linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpikes, or affidavits made before the Dublin society,) by the sheet Any copy of such affidavit which shall be read in any court whatsoever, by the sheet -

Any original writ, subpoena, writ of habeas corpus, writ of capias quo* minus, writ of dedimus petejiatem, to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall issue out of or pass the feai of any of the courts of the city of Dublin,’ or any ©thcT court whatsoever, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value Any carry of any action in the mayor's or fheT>ff$, courts in the city of Dublin, and in courts of all corporations, and in all other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process ot mandate issue, holding plea, where the -debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above -

Any rule or order, except in causes profeented upon indictments, or which relate to the presentments made or given in any of the courts in the city of Dublin, either courts of law or equity, which shall be taken out '

Any copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to presentments entered, or the copies of any other record or proceedings in any of the said courts of the said city of Dub'in, not hereby ©therwife charged —

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, 'or in any ecclesiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, erin any ecclesiastical court, or the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engrossed ot written, except in suits for recovery of Teamen's wages —-

Any warrant to any attorney or solicitor, to appear for any plaintiff or defendant, in any action or {bit at law, or in equity, and to prosecute or defend such action or suit, or to confess judgment thereon Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, not herein other, wife charged to secure the payment of any principal sum not amount-, ing to oije hundred pounds -

M a Any '

47

Duties.A.D.

£' *' d' 1799.

Chap. 5.

o I $ o o~

Of#

o I

OIO

01#

o I o

o a c

OIO

i

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A R T I C L E 3.

Any contrafifc, bond, or‘Other obligatory instrument, not herein other wise charged, to feeurc the payment of any principal sum amounting to one hundred pounds, and not amounting to two hundred

Any eontradl:, bond, or other obligatory instrument, not herein otherwise charged, to secure the payment of any principal sum amounting to two hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred

Any contrail, bond, or other obligatory instrument, not herein otherwise charged, to secure the payment of any principal sum amounting to five hundred pounds, and not amounting to one thousand

Any contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument, not herein otherwise charged, to secure the payment of any principal sum amounting to one thousand pounds, or upwards ——

Any bond on the exportation of goods or merchandizes intitkd to

bounty, drawback, or allowance of duties -

Any memorial of any deed, conveyance, will, or devise, which shall be registered in the publick office for regifiering such memorials or shall be entered in any of the courts of record in this kingdom (except memorials of demises, and except memorials of assignments of judgments, for any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds,)

above all duties payable thereon -.

Any memorial of any demise, or of an agreement to demise,or of an assignment of a judgment for any-sum not exceeding one hundred pounds Each and every exception or exceptions to-any answer filed in any court of equity in this kingdom * ——

And a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling and fixrpence for every ninety words which each and every exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words.

And a further duty upon each and every exception, over and above the

first ten exceptions ——

And a further duty upon the fame, after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every ninety words which each and every such exception shall contain, over and above the fir it ninety words-Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or any

pleading whatsoever, in any court of law ----- «—

Any copy of any will attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court* or any ecclesiastical court ——

Any copy of any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law —

Any depositions taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositions taken by virtue of any commuHion before they are engrossed, which are not herein

before charged ——

Any copy of any bill, answer, pica, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any

i

court of equity ——

Every

Duties. £ s

a 6

1 o o

io e

a 6

4

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

Every almanack or cafendar for any one particular year, or for any time Iefs than a'year, which shall be printed on one Gde only of any one fhect or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards

bound or separated into leaves ——

Every other almanack or calendar for any particular year — Every almanack or calendar made to serve for several years, the respective rates of -

And for every such year as aforesaid — —»

Every Dublin directory ——

Every paper containing public news, intelligence, or occurrences Every such paper which shall be published once in every week and not

oftener ——

Any bill of lading which shall be signed for any goods exported Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares, and merchandizes, to any drawback or~bounty on exporting

the fame ——

Any license for retailing wine, beer, ale, spirits, or cider, or tea and groceries, or any license to manufacture or deal in tobacco, or for manufacturing candles or soap for sale, or for felling or manufacturing paper hangings, or for felling or making gold or silver plate for sale, or for felling home-made spirits as a faCfcor, or by whole-sale# or for keeping a coffee-house/ or for selling by retail or otherwise dealing in coffee, or for keeping a tan-yard, or tan-pit for dressing hides or skins in oil, or for making vellum or parchment, or for-keeping a malt-house, or making malt for sale, or for felling by auction, or for making glass bottles -

Any foreign or inland bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, where the sum expressed therein shall not exceed ten pounds (except promissory notes for any sum not exceeding two

pounds ten shillings passed for tythes) ——

Where the sum expressed therein shall exceed ten pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds ——

Where the sum expressed therein shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred pounds ——

And where the sum expressed therein shall exceed one hundred

pounds -

Any receipt or other discharge, given on the payment of money, amounting to two pounds, and not amounting to twenty pounds Where the sum shall amount to twenty pounds and not exceed fifty pounds -

And where the sum shall exceed fifty pounds —

Duties.

& ' d.

49

A.D.

1799-

Chap. j\.

o o

o o 6

006

0 o 6 010 00a

004

006

001

001

003

006

010

o i 6

0 0 2

004 006

Vci. XIX N

SCHEDULE

s°

A. t>.

‘799-

Chap. 5.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE B.

ARTICLES.

Every summons or process whereby the defendant or defendants shall be required to appear or answer the plaintiff's bill, or to appear before any recorder, assistant birrifter, seneschal or steward of a manor court, or other judge or officer in every proceeding in a summary way, by civil bill -

Upon every copy of every such summons *—.

Every decree to be made or pronounced by every assistant barrister, at the sessions of the peace or adjournments thereof, in causes heard by civil bill, where the sum recovered shall be under five pounds Every decree to be made or pronounced by every assistant barrister, at the sessions of the peace or adjournment thereof, where the sum decreed to be recovered shall amount to five pounds or upwards,

but not amount to ten pounds ——

Every such decree when the sum decreed to be recovered shall amount

to ten pounds and upwards ——

Every dismiss made or pronounced by such assistant barrister Every renewal of a decree or dismiss, made or pronounced by such assistant barrister, whether the said decree or dismiss v*ere pronounced by a judge of assize or assistant barrister —

Every recognizance on an appeal from any decree or dismiss made or pronounced by such assistant barrister

Every decree or dismiss made or pronounced by the seneschal or (lew* ard of every manor court in any proceeding by civil bill

1) UTIES.

004

Oil

0X1

© 46

07 6

40

o i 5

a 4

« 6

CHAT.

V.

%"hc thirty-ninth IT ear George III.

CHAP. VI.

5*

A.D.

M '9-

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer tion, and fcr the better Payment of tke Army And their £>uai ters within this Kingdom.

Monday the twenty-fifth day of March, one thotfand feveti hundred and ninety-nine^ > Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARU

WHEREAS the railing or keeping a Handing army within this kingdom in time of peace, unless ix be with the consent of parliament, is against law: And whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of his Majesty's crown; and that the whole number of such forces should consist of thirty five thousand five hundred and fifteen men; whereof twelve thousand men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, shall be kept within this kingdom, for the necessary defence of the fame, at all times, except in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain; and twenty thousand two hundred and eighty-one men, commissioned and non-commissi >ned officers included, for the defence of the country in the present situation of affairs: And whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of puniffi-ment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established law of this realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite foT the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or dir up sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of tli£ law will allow: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person, being mustered or in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be enacted or in pay as a soldier, shall at any tame during the continuance of this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mi* tiny or sedition in the regiment, troop, or company to which he doth belong, or in any ether regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or marine forces in his Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not’ without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer; ot shall mifbe-have himself before the enemy, or shall shamcfully abandon or deliver up any gar-' rifon, fortress, post or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend, or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any gar-ftfen, fortress or post, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame, or shall speah words, or use any other mesns to induce such governor or Commanding officer, or others to mtfbehave before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver* up any garrison, fortress, post or guard committed to their respective charge, o^' which hc or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall leave his post before relieved, or shall he found Iceping on his post, or shall hold correspondence with, or give advice or intelligence to any rebel or enemy of his Majesty, either by letters, aaetfPages, figus, or tokens, in any manner or way whatsoever, or shall treat or eo*

N a ter

Ex[iri«.

51

A.D.

79'> Chap. 6.

thirty-ninth Year tf Cfcrre HI.

ter into any terms with such rebel or enemy, without \ is Mapfty’s license, or H-.cense of the general, or chief commander, or shall ftrke, or use any violence against his superior officer, being in the execution of his office, or fan]! ciifobcy any lawful command of his superior officer, or shall driert His Majesty's service; all and every person or persons so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, shall suffer d:th, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall be awarded.

K. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any non-commissioned officer or soldier, enliileJ or in pay in any regiment, troop, or company, who without having fl.ft obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other regiment, troop, or company, shall be deemed to have deserted his Majesty's f.rvice, and shall in like manner (infer death, or such other pumQiment as by a court nuidil fluid bo awarded.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether soldiers who of right belong ta another corps in which they fnft cnlilled, and from which they have not obtained a discharge, rmy be proceeded against and tried for deserting any corps in which they may afterwards have er.I-iled, or for any crime committed by them whilst ferr-ing therein: Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who is or frail be entitled or in pay as a foluiev, in any regiment, troup, or company, in his Majesty's service, fnal! defer: the fame, or shall, whilst forving therein, commit any ©{fence agr.iuft this act, or against the rules or articles of war, such person shall be liable to be tried by a court martial, and punished ia like manner as if he had originally enliticd in, and of right belonged to the fame, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to some other regiment, troop, or company, and not been discharged therefrom.

IV. Provided always, That if such person shall be claimed by such other regiment, troop, or company, and be proceeded against as a deserter therefrom, his subsequent deten tion from any one or more corps in which he may have unwarrantably er.lifted, may, unless he shall already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence as an aggravation of his crime, previous notice being always given to such deserter of the fast or fafts intended to be produced in evidence on his trial.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That las Majesty may, from time to time, by his royal commission^ empower the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or other chief governor or governors of the fame for the time being, to appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct his or their warrant to any general officer having the chief command of a body of forces within this kingdom, authorizing Jam to convene general courts martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under his command; all which g' neral courts martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their proceedings according to the several provisions herein after specified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such courts martial by their sentence or judgment, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, on any soldier for immoralities, misbehaviour, or neglect of duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and -declared, That no general court martial which shall be held under vthe authority of this act, shall conhft of a less number than thirteen commissioned officers; and the president of such-general court martial shall not.be the commander in chief, nor governor of the garrison where the offender shall be tried, nor under the degree of a field office^ amless where a field officer cannot be hail, nor in any -case whatsoever under the degree of a captain4 and that ail general courts martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witness in order to die examination or trial of any of the offences that dial] come before them*

‘The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

VIII. Provided always, That in all trials by general courts mania!, to be held by virtue of this act, every member assisting at such trial, before any proceedings be had thereupon, Audi take the following oaths upon the holy Evangclifls, before the judge advocate, Qr his deputy, (who are hereby authorized to administer the same,) that is to say, you shall well and truly try and determine according to your evidence in the matter now before you.

So help you Gcd."

53

A.D. 1799.

Chap. £>. —J

I A.B. dofwear,' That I will duly ddininifler jujlkey according to the rules and articles for the better government of his Majesty's forces, and according to an aB of parliament now in force for the punishment of mutiny and d fertion9 and other crimes therein mentioned, without partiality, favour, or ajf, cl ion; and if any doubt shall arise whkb.il not explained by the said articles or a Els of parliament, according to my conscience9 the best of my underflandingy and the custom of war in like cases. jind I further sweary That .1 will not divulge the fen tense of the court until it shall be approved by his Majesty, or by fomejicrfon duly authorized by him; neither will /, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, difdofe or discover the vote or opinion f any particular member of the court martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a. witness by a court of justice, in a due courst of law.

So help- me Gad*

And as soon as the said oath fhsdl have been administered to the respective metn-- bers, the president of the court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the judge advocate* or the person? officiating as such* an oath in die following words:

I AJ B. do swear9 That will noty upon any account, at any time whatsoever, df-< close or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court martial, uni ifs ‘ to jpvt evidence thereof as a witness, in a due coulfe of law*

So kelp me Cod.

’Arid noTentence of death shall be given agaihll any offender in such case by any general court martial, unless nine officers present shall concur therein and in all cases where a court martial shall consist of more officers than thirteen, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two-thirds at the Icafl of the officers present; and no proceedings or trial shall be had upon any offence but betw een the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and three in the afternoon* except in cases which ^require an immediate example.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That in case of any soldier tried and xonvicted of desertion, or of any other offence to which the punishment of desertion is arfhexed by this acte, whensoever the court martial which shall pass sentence upon -such trial shall not think the offence tlefcrving of capital punishment, such court martial may, instead of awarding a corporal punishment, adjudge the offender, X they shall think fit, to serve as a-soldier in any of the corps fiationed rn any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or in foreign parts, for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of offence; and if such soldier shall afterwards, without leave from his Majesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he shall be appointed to serve, return into this realm before the expiration of the term limited by such sentence, and shall be convicted thereof by a court martial, he shall suffer death.

X. Provided always, That the party*tried by any general court martial, shall be entitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of such court martial upon demand thereof made by himself, or by any other perfo.i or persons on his behalf, lie or tkty paying reasonably for the fame, at'any time not foener than tlir^e mouths after fad*

Vol. XIX. , O f-’itenco.

54

A.

D.

1799. Chap. 0.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

sentence, whether such sentence be approved of or not, airy thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Xr. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every judge advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court ‘ martial, do, and be is hereby required to transmit, with as much expedition as the opportunity of time and distance of place can admit, the original proceedings and sentence of such court martial to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other 'thief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland, to be laid before him or them, and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence therein contained, to be lodged with the judge ad'vocate general in Dublin; which said original proceedings and sentence shall be carefully kept and preserved in the office of-such judge advocate general, to the end that the person entitled thereto may be enabled upon application to the office to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XII. Provided also, and bp it further enacted and declared, That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court martial, nor any entry or copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever, any tiling contained in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no officer -or soldier being acquitted or convicted of any offence, be liable to be tried a second

time by the fame or any other court martial for the fame offence, unless in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court martial; and that no sentence given by any court martial, and signed by the president thereof, be liable to bc-ve-vised more than once.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be -construed to exempt any officer cr soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

XV. And for preventing of frauds and deceit in the mustering of soldiers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue certificate whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any mutter, or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prison, or on furlough; then every such person so making, giving, or procuripg such certificate, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to hi^ve or hold any military office or employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the absence* of any soldier, but for the reasons above mentioned, or one of them* and the commissary of the musters is hereby directed to fetdown on the roll, at the time of the taking of the muster, the reafop of the absence of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of ’such certificate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer that shall make any false or untrue muster of man or horse, and every'com miliary, muster-nrufter, or other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the muster-roll wherein such false irmfter is contained, or any duplicate thereof; and also every commissary, muster-master, or other officer who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any sum or sums of money, or any gratuity, on or for the mustering of any regiment, troop, or company, or on or /or the signing of any muster-rolls, cr any duplicate thereof, upon preef thereof upon oath made by two witnessos before a general court-martial to Le thereupon called, which is hereby authorized and required to administer such oath, shall for such offence be forthwith cashiered, and displaced from such las office, and shall be thereby utterly

uifabled

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 55

disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this A* IX realm. IJ99-

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every com- Chap. 6. missary or muster-master, upon any mutter to be mrde, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient time before such muster made, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the said lbldiers so to be mustered shall be quartered, who is hereby required to be present at every such, muster, and give his utmost assistance for the discovering any false or untrue muf-ter there made, or offered to be made; and that every such commissary or muster-mailer making or taking such muster, that shall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take the aid and assistance of such mayor, chief magistrate,

»or officer where the foldiersto be muttered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be discharged from his office; and no muster-roll shall be allowed, unless the fame be signed by the said mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer respectively; but in case such mayor, chief magistrate or officer shall not, upon due notice given, attend such mutter, or shall refuse to sign such muster-roll, ' without giving good and sufficient reasons for such his refusal, that then the commissary may . proceed to muster such regiment, troop, or company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that as soon after taking such muster as conveniently may be, oath be made by the commissary or muster-master, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peacs for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a master in chancery in Dublin, that such notice was truly given to the said mayor, chief magistrate, or officer as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be falsely mustered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be muttered, upon proof thereof made upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justice of the peace for the county where such muster shall be made, and upon certificate thereof m writing under the hand of the commissary of the musters, or chief magistrates aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any horse to be mustered, which shall not truly belong to the trooper or troop so mustered, the said horse so falsely mustered shall be forfeited f.o the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending or furnishing the said horse; or otherwise the person lending or furnishing the said horse shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two witnesses before the next justice of the peace;' which twenty pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, rendering the overplus# if any be, to the owner; and in case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such penalty within four days after such conviction, then,' and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, either /commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, fur the space of three months or cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the distreron of such justice.; and the said forfeiture shall be to such person or persons that shall give information thereof; and the said informer or informers, if belonging to the ierviee, shall have a right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every com-jrriffioned officer, store-keeper, or commissary, that fiull embezzle cr munifcilly cause to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully cr through :*eglcCl, suffer any

t) 2

t> *1The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A. -provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military flores to fcc

1799. Spoiled or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath, made by two witnesses before Chap. 6. a general court-martial, which is hereby authorized and required to’administer mj such oath,.shall be forthwith dismissed his Majesty's service, and forfeit the sum of ' one hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make good at his own expence the loss and damge thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such court-martial, which; shall have power to seize the goods and chattels of the person offending, and

fell them for the payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such damage; and if sufficient goods and chattels cannot be found and seized, then the person so of-

lending shall be committed to prison, or the common gaol, to remain there for six months, without bail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; and after the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commis-

fary of the mutters, or mutter-matter, either of the land forces or marines, making

" % or taking a muster, do make oath before the mayor or chief magistrate attending

the making or taking such muster as aforesaid, if such mayor or chief iragiflrate (o attending be a just ice of the peace, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courU ' of record, or before a master in chancery in Dublin, who is hereby authorized to administer the same in manner following:

1 A.B. do swear% that I fiiWy at the time of taking a muster of such troops or + companies of this regiment as lay 1nithin my present circpit, such men or horses of such troops or companies so mufered by me as are borne and not respited% on the muster-roll, for which men cr herfes a ftgtied certificate or certificates are not endorsed on the lack of the roll, certifying their being absent from the vwsler by reason of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or by being ficky in prifin% on furlough, or at graft, or by

0 signed leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop % or company. I likewise swear, that I ossified in examining and comparing this muster-roll with the regimental book; that I have seen and examined the attejlations of all the recruits of the periods, that I find them compledt% and believe them to be jujl and cor-ret1.

Which oath the said commissary, or multer-matter is'hereby directefd to insert and subscribe on the back of the muster-roll by him delivered into the office of the commissary-general of the mutters, and as soon as the commifTarics of the musters shall have severallj compleated their, circuits within twenty-one days after the fame they are hereby directed personally to appear at the office of the muster-master general in Dublin, and in his presence, or in that of his deputy, who is hereby directed to attend, before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a mailer in chancery, to make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

I A. B do swear, that at the times and places severally named in the-muster rolls taken by me of the following regiments, viz.

1 was per finally pres?ity and did at the time of taking the said musters, afififl in com-Paring the several muster rolls with the regimental books of the everal regiments, troopsr or companies, and that I believe them just and cor rest. Taken before me*

Which said oath is to be attested by the said muster-master general, or his deputy.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pa^i matter, agent, or clerk of ar.y garrison, regiment, troop, or company, shall wilfully detain or withhold by the space of one month the pay of any officer 0^ soldier,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 57

(clothes and all other just allowances being dedu&ed,) after such pay (halt be A.D.

by him or them received, or if any officer having received his foldierVpay, shall 1799.

refuse to pay each respective non-commissioned officer and soldier their respective Chap, 6.

pay, when it shall become due, according to the several rates established by order of government, then upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that purpose held and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, clerk, or officer so offending, shall be discharged from his employment, and shall forfeit to the informer upon conviction before the said court, one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid, and the informer, if a soldier, if he demands it, shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further service; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And for the better execution thereof, and that a true and regular* account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments and independent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions as shall from time to time be given by his Majesty, under his sign manual, or by his Majesty's chief governor or governor* of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and be utterly disabled to have or hold any such office in his Majesty's service in this kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enacted, That if any officer or commissary shall muster any person by a wrong name, knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a general court-martial, the Taid officer or commissary shall suffer such penalties, and i» such manner as is directed and inflicted by this act upon those who shall make false mutters.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed ii> the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the disorders that may happen by the marching of fol-diers, and providing carriages for the baggage of soldiers on their marchy it is amongst other things enacted and declared, u That no officer, soldier, or trooper in her Majesty's army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train u of artillery, nor any yeomart of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, shall at any time u hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this kingdom,

€i save only during such time as he or they shall be, and remain in some seaport At town, in order to be transported, or during such time as there shall be any u commotion in any part of this kingdom, by reason of which emergency her £i Majesty's army, or any considerable part thereof shall be commanded to march %i from any part of this kingdom to another, or during such time or times as he or they shall be on their march as aforesaid." And whereas the barracks in this kingdom are not at present sufficient to lodge all the forces upon its military establishment: And whereas it may be necessary to station part of the troops in places where there are not barracks, or not sufficient barracks to hold them; be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and be lawful, notwithstanding the said^receited act, to and for the constables and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, villages, ^nd other places within this kingdom, and in their default or ^bfenci, for any one justice of the peace,' inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others, and such constables and other chief magistrates, a*s aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in his Majesty's service in inns, livery-stables, ale-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses or places thereunto belonging; and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cider or metheglin by retail; ^nd where there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then,' in such manner as

Vol. XIX P Inc

58 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

has been heretofore customary; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, 1799. ^ian there arc effective soldiers present to be quartered; all which billets, when made Chap. 6. out by fufti chief magistrates or constables, shall be delivered into the hands of the \ T*+J commanding officer yrefent; and if any constable or such like officer or magistrate, as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such officer or soldier in any house not within the meaning of this act, without the consent of the owner or occupier, then such owner or occupier shall have his or their re&edy at law against Inch magistrate or officer for the damage that such owner or occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to quarter soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall use or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon, any mayors, constables, or other civil officers before mentioned, tending t» deter or discourage any of them from performing any part of their duty hereby required or appointed, such military officer shall, for every such offence, being there-.of convicted before any.two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto ca-fhicred, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom: provided the said cotiviction be affirmed at the next affixes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, or county of the city, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge advocate who is hereby obliged to certify the Tame ' to the next court-martial; and in case any person shall find lumfclf aggrieved, in

that such constable, chief officer or magistrate, not being a justice of the peace, has quartered or billeted in his house a greater number of soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain -thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty where such soldiers are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, the* on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such division, city or liberty, such justices respectively shall have, and have hereby power to relieve such persons, by ordering such and so many of the soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they shall see cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such oldiers accordingly.

XXV. And whereas gieat inconvenience happens from the billeting of soldiers singly , Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time hereafter a less number than two men shall be bdlcted in any one house, and such billets may be changed once in every month if thought necessary by the chief magistrate,v to prevent any burden thereby arising from falling heavy -on particular individuals.

XXVI. And as very great detriment and inconvenience arises to the service from the dispersing and billeting of soldiers whqn on a march at a great distance from the place or places where they are meant to be quartered, and contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said last receited act, and by reason of which they are placed wide of their intended route for the next day’s march: Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time when troops aie on a march, shall any of them be billeted above one mile from the place or places mentioned in the route.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

any officer shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly liiffer to be taken, any money of any person for excusing the quarters of officers or soldiers, or any of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any military employment whatsoever. '

XXVIII. And whereas great inconvenienties have arisen, and may arise in such places where horse or dragoons are, or may be quartered by the billeting of the men and their horses at different housesf and often at gfeat distanees from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act: Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all, places where horse or dragoons shall be

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. £9

quartered or billeted in pursuance of this act for the future, the men and their horses shall be billeted in one and the fame house, except in case of necessity, and that in no other case whatsoever there be less than one man billeted where there shall be one or two horses, nor less than two men where shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number; and in such case, each man shall be billeted as near his horse as possible.

XXIX. And whereas some doubts have arisen whether commanding officers of any regiment, troop or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of the service; be it declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange as above mentioned, may be made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such house or houses; and the constables, tithing-meu, head boroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates-of the cities, towns, villages, or other place* where any regiment, troop or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, no pay-mader-general, or paymaster of the army, paymaster of the marines, secretary at war, commiflaty or mustermaster, or any other officer whatsoever, or t.»eir under officers, shall receive any fees, or make any#dedu£tions whatsoever, out of the pay of any officer or soldier in his Majesty's army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the fai i thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, other than the u ual deductions for clothing, and such other necessary deductions as are now made, or shall from time to time be directed by his Majesty under his royal sign manual.

XXXI. And that the quarters of officers and soldiers in this kingdom may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, his Majesty's duties of excise better answered, and that the owners of houfss on whom officers and folliers shall be billeted, may be encouraged to provide proper accommodation for such offi:e s, soldiers, and horses: Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times as the troops shall be on their march, or during such times as there shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, payment shall be made for each officer and soldier during the time he or they shall occupy such billet, at die following weekly rates, videlicet, in Dublin, for each field officer and captain, eight shillings; for each subaltern officer, seven shillings: for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling and one penny; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, Fix pence halfpenny: In the country for each field officer or captain, five shillings; for each subaltern officer, three shillings and six pence; for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one 0.filing; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence; the payment of the officers lodgings to be made by the officers themselvesj in the present accustomed manner; the payment of the mens lodgings to be made monthly by the commanding officer of each corps, in each quarter, in consequence of money font them for that purpose, by their several regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit such money, such sums shall be advanced to them as shall be necessary, for which the regiments shall be accountable, and which sums shall be accounted for in the usual manner.

XXXII. And as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient {tabling for the horses so billeted, four pence per week shall be paid to the owners of (fables for each horse, during the time each shall remain, in such manner and under such circumstances as the quarters of the men are paid; and in case of any troop or company being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective commanding officers are not enabled to make payment of the sums due for the lodgings of the men and

P 2 Ibbliiqj

A.D.

1799-Chap. 6.

5o

A.D.

l79V-Chap. 6.

7*he thirty-ninth If ear df George III.

(tabling of the horses, every such officer shall, before his departure, make up the Account with every person with whom such troop or company may have been quartered, and sign a certificate thereof \ which account and certificate shall be transmitted to the agent of the regiment, that immediate^ payment may be made in the accustomrd manner.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the clauses and circumstances of this act shall, in every particular extend to all recruiting parties whatsoever and their recruits of his Majesty's land or marine forces, that may be employed on that service within this kingdom*, and quarters shall at all times, upon requisition, be granted to such parties and their recruits as prescribed by this act, they paying for the same at the rates before directed, notwithstanding there may be barracks in the placet ( where such quarters are so demanded.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every non-commi(honed officer and soldier who shall be billeted according to the provisions in this act, shall be entitled to, and receive proper and sufficient accommodation respectively, and also the use of kitchen utensils, to cook and eat their victuals in their quarters.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular provision of carriages for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, or accoutrements, all justices of the peace within their several counties, shires, divisions, liberties and precincts, being duly required thereunto' by an order from the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or the general of his Majesty's forces, or the maiter-general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall, as often as such order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the quarter-matter, -adjutant, or other officer or non-commissioned officer of the regiment, detachment, troop, or company so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrants to the con-itables or pctty"-coiittables of the division, city, liberty, hundred and precinct, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, troop or company shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as is mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden; and in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or precinct, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the next county or division shall, upon such order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to one or mQre of them, by any of the officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrant to the constable or petty-constables of such next county, liberty, division or precinct for the purposes aforesaid to make up such deficiency j and such constable or petty-con (tables shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid, wffioiare hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and if any military officer or officers, for the use of whose troop or company the carriage was provided^ shall force and constrain any carriage to travel more than one day’s journey, except as hereafter excepted, or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their return home, or shall suffer any soldier or servant, (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride in the carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty-constable by threatening or menacing words to provide faddlc-horses for themselves, or servants, or shall forge hoifes from the owners, by themselves, servants, or soldiers, every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county, who are to certify the same to the paymaster-general, or other respective paymaster of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the hands and seals of the aforesaid justices of the peace of the said county, who are hereby empowered to deduct the fame out of such officer’s pay;

and

The'thirty+ninth Year of George, III.

eud the afote(aid> officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant from the justices of the peace are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned,‘of the constable or petty*constable to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, before the owner of such carriage shall be compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in the march'with his carriage, to pay down in hand to the owner of such carriage, of his servant, the sums herein after mentioned for every mile, or reputed mile, they are to match* that is to say, for every hundred weight which the owner or owners of any wheel-carriage shall take as loading on such wheel-carriage, the sum of one; penny'one-sixth. part, for every mile or reputed v mile he or they shall therewith march; and if any officer Or person requiring such carriages as ^aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the owner of such carriage the sum hereby appointed to be paid, he and they shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings sterling to the party injured, on such proof, and in such- manner as is herein before

appointed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, Thktno owner of such carriage be compelled -or obliged to take any loading, untd’the fame shall be first duly weighed at the expence of the owner or owners of such carriage* if he or they shall think fit, and the fame can be done in a reasonable time without let or hindrance of his Majesty's for-

yice^ and if any officer or other person requiring such carriage, shall force or cohi-« pel the owner to take any loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a reasonable time as aforesaid, or shall contrary to the will of the owner of such carriage, or his (errant, put, or permit any person whatsoever to

put any greater load upon any carriage than as is herein after directed, either at the

time of loading, or on the march, every such officer shall for every such offence for-

feit the sum of twenty shillings to the party Injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no carriage impressed by authority of: this act, shall be liable or obliged^ to carry above six hundred weight, and if the owner shall consent to carry above six hundred weight on any carriage, he shall be allowed and paid at the rate of one penny one-sixth part per mile, for every hundred above the weight of six hundred pounds put on his carriage; and the owner or owner? of such carriage Or carriages (hair not be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage Or carriages underlie sum of seven'pence mile, or reputed mile, at the least, in case he or they shall be required to carry a less weight on such carriage or carriages than six hundred pounds weight for each carriage.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect of any constable, after notice given as aforesaid to provide carriages as before mentioned, the officer commanding in chief shall be neoeffitated to-halt, that then, and in such case only, it shall and may be lawful to and for4aid officer to take the carriages-one day’s march

more according to the route, paying one penny one-sixth part per mile, for each hundred weight of loading as before mentioned \ and the owners of such carriages, upon complaint made by them or their servant or servants to any justice of the peace or chief magistrate next adjoining where such carriages were to have been provided,

shall receive over and above the one penny, one-sixth part per mile per hundred weight of loading before specified, seven pence more pit mile for each carriage, to be paid by the constable who-made default in providing carriages $ the said last sum to be levied immediately after demand and refusal, by any warrant of any justice of &e peace or chief magistrate of the place next adjoining 5 which said justice or chief magistrate is hereby required to gran! the la me immediately on demand, without fee or reward.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That notice shall be given to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, at least twenty-four hours before the march of any troops or companies of fokhers out of the said city, of the number of the -troops or companies

*92

A D.

1799-Chap. 6.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

appointed to march whereupon the lord mayor for the rime being shall ftfmmon* proportionable number of cars out of the licensed cars, briek cars, and other cars within the county of the said city, and fb from rime to time the said ears are by turns to be employed in carrying the baggage of such troops or companies, at the prices, and under the regulations herein before mentioned; anddt is hereby dtrc&ed, that <410 country cars or or carriages coming to the market of the said*city, nor any cars *or carriages coming to any of the markets of this kingdom, shall be detained-or employed in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever.

XL. And whereas several acts of parliament of the-sixth of Queen Anne, and 'i\e fccoiul and fifteenth of George the second, and of the eighth and nineteenth of George the third, are nowin force for the providing of carriages for the baggage of ioldier6 on their march; bc-it enacted, That the several xlaufcs contained in the said. £.tls relative to die carriage of the army-baggage, do, from thepafiing of this act, ccafe and determine.

XLI. And be it further emdcdr That the number of carriages to be allowed each -troop or company, shall be from time to time regulated by order of government, ia .-proportion to the establishment of such troop or company; and the sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the payment of the carriage of baggage by the officer or -officers respectively, shall be to them repaid by the paymaster-geperal, or lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of this kingdom.for the time being, without fee or reward, on oath made by such officer or officers before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or corporate town, of his or -their payment of such sum or sums for carriages as aforesaid; and an account of the fame being produced by the agent of the regiment, which account shall have been certified by the quarter-mailer-general to be charged conformably to the orders of government, and the regulations prescribed by this act.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-constable, or petty-constable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the peace as shall be directed unto them, for providing carriages as aforesaid 5 or if any person or persons appointed by such constable, or petty-constable, to provide or furni.h any carriage and man, fl ail refuse or neglect to provide the fame, or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any ad or thing -whereby* the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such €onstable, or other person or :persons so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit any Turn not exceeding forty shillings, nor leis than twenty shillings, to the use of the poor of the parish where any such offence and offences shall be committed, and all and every such offence and offences shall and maybe enquired of, heard and finally determined by two of his Majesty's justices of the peace dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chat* ties, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers in any hous's hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or soldier in any such houses, against the consent of the owners, the party offending, if an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate be ipso facto cashiered \ and if a xonstable, tithing-man, or other civil officer, he shall forleit to the party aggrieved rtwenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, ren-.7 / dering

*The thirty-iunth Year of George III. 6 j

flering the overplus to the party, after deducing reasonable charges in taking the same.

XLIV. And for the better "preserva'tion of the game, in or near (bch places 'where any officers or soldiers shall at any time he* quartered; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if from and after the thircy-first day of March, one thou-

fend seven hundred and ninety-nine, any officer or soldier shall, without leave of; the loTd Of the manor, under his hand and seal, firtl had and obtained, take, kill,

or destroy any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, 'or any other fort of fowls, or any [poultry, or fish, or his Majesty's game within this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof, shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame, that is to"fay, every officer so offending Shall) for every such offence, forfetthe sum of five pounds, to be difeributed amongst: the poor of the place where such offence' (hillbe committed; 'and every officer com-f manding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any soldier -under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid und distri-

buted in manner aforesaid; and if -upon convlttion made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof aHo' made by the constable or overseers of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respectire

1 penalties, such officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to b« null an dir oid.

XLV. And be it further ^nafted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-' commissioned officer who shall be convicted at a general or regimental court-martial

of having embezzled or misapplied any money with which he may have been tn-ttufted for the payment of the men under his command, or for enlilling men into his Majesty's service, shall be-reduced to serve in the ranks as a private soldier, and be put under stoppages until the money be made good, and suffer such corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, as the oouTt-martial shall think fit.

XLVI. And whereas several soldiers being duly enlisted, do afterwards defeit, and are often found wandering, or otherwise absent themselves illegally from his Majesty's service: It is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the constable of the towrror place whefe any person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such persons* to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such suspected person, and if by his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of peace, it shall appear* of be found, that such suspected person is a lifted soldier, and ought to be with the troop or company to which he belongs, such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county, or place where he shall be found, or the house of correction, or mother publick prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to the provost-manial, in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the city or liberties of Dublin, or places adjacent, and transmit an account thereof to the chief secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against according to law; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter or deserters during the time that he or they shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of the said deserter or deserters, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the ini- prisonment of such deserter or deserters, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary: *otwithstanding.

A.D.

1799-Chap. o*

0^2 XLVII. A*i

6 4 'The thirty-ninth ©/' George- III.

A.D.

XLVn. And for the better encouragement of any person t>r persona to secure. l "9Q, or apprehend such deserters as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority afore-Chap. 6. That such justice of the peace shall also issue his^ warrant:in writing to the

collecSforor collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the district where such deserter

shall be apprehended, for paying out of the revenue by him collected, into the hands

of such person who shall apprehend, or cause to '-be apprehended any deserter from

' his Majesty's service, the sum- of twenty shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which (um of twenty -shillings shall be satisfied by fuel* cellcdor or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed and allowed

upon his account.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing him to be such, the person so offend-’ ing, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise* receive any nec^ffaries, or . any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the king, from any soldier or deserter, or any other person upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, the pterion so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, r the said respective penalties of five pounds, and five pound* to be levied by warrants under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said first-mentioned penalty of five pounds tube paid to the informer by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended, and one moiety of the last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, and the reGdue of the said respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong; and in case any oflen-*- der* who (half be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingly received any ^necessaries, or any arms, clothes* caps, or other furniture belonging to the king, or having caused the colour of such v clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this^ ad, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereupon distress may maybe had to the vali\e of the-penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not; pay such penalties within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, cither commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three n>onths, or cause such offender to be publkkly whipped* at the discretion of such justice.

XLIX. ^Provided always, 'That no commissioned officer shall break open -any . house to search for deserters without warrant from a justice of the peace; and that; every commissioned officer who shall, without warrant from one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, which said warrant the said justice or justices are here- by empowered to grant, forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelling-house or out-house of any person whatsoever under pretence of searchipg for deserters, shall* upon due proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

L. And bedt further enactedbylhe authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make* andellabWh articles of war, for the better government of his Majesty's forces.

X»I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for bringing offenders against such articles of war to justice* it shall and may be lawful to and for Vhis Majesty to empower the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to exed and constitute courts-martial with power to heaiy try* and determine any crimes and

offences by such articles of war, and to inflid penalties by sentence or judgment of the fame within this kingdom; and to summoa before them ^itnesses* who during

their '

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 65

their necessary attendance in such courts, and in going to and returning from such D

courts, shall be privileged from arrest in like manner as witnesses attending any of his Majesty's courts of law are privileged; and that if any such witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such arrest by the court out of which the writ or proeefs issued by which such witness w%is arrested; or if the court out of , which the writ or proeefs issued be not fitting, then by any judge of the court of King’s-bench, upon its being made appear to such court or judge, by affidavit in a luminary way, that such witness was arrested in going to, or returning from, or attending upon such court-martial; and that all witnesses so duly summoned, who shall not attend on such courts, shall be liable to be attached in the court of King’s-bench, upon complaint made to the said court of King’s-bench, in like manner as if such witness had neglected to attend on a trial in that court.

LII. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb by the said articles of war within this kingdom, except for such crimes as are expressfed to be so punishable by this act.

UII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any officer or soldier shall in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere beyond the seas, commit any of the offences triable by courts-martial by virtue of this act, and shall come or be brought into this realm before he be tried by a court-martial for such offence, such officer or soldier shall be tried and punished for the fame, as if the said offence had been committed within this realm.

LIV. Provided also, That no person or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the fame otherwise than by cafliisring.

LV. Provided also, That if any officer, non-commissiocd officer or foluier, shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, cr property of any his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, or company, or party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate; ami shall also be *kling and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial; and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to d liver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where such fast is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be taken to be ipso full cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have o hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service: provided the said conviction he affirmed at the next quarter-tt ffions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the executors or administrators of every officer or soldier for any of the pay of such officer or soldier, by him or them received, shall, on reasonable demand made by such executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administra-for, of such sum or sums of money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such officer or soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such executor or administrator paying for the same \ and shall account with such executor or administrator for the fame i and that every such paymaster, agent, or clerk Vol- XIX. R # of

1799-Chap. 6.

66 . The thirty-ninth Year George III.

JX of any garrison, regiment, troop or company offending herein, shall forfeit the like 179^. penalties, and to be recovered in like manner as appointed,by this act, for such co-Chap. 6. lonelsor agents not giving-due accounts of or for the pay. of the said officers or"fol-J d ers, to and for such officers and fcldiers themselves.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, - bill, plaint, or suit, fluff be brought against any person or persons for any act, matter, or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons fuej as aforesaid, tp phtad thereunto

the general issue, that he or ti;ey. are not guilty, and to give such speci.d niatrcr in evidence to the ju-y, which lx.all try the issue, which speciaL matter being pleaded had been a good.and sufficient matter in law to.have discharged t. e said defendant or defendants to the ttefpafs or other matter laid to his or tKcir charge 5 and if the verdict lh,dl pass with the., said jdefendant or defendants in any such action, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become noufeit or fuiTer any discontinuance thereof, that in every such case the justice or justices, or such other ^udge before whom the said matter shall be tried, fluff by force and virtue of this act allow unto the de-

r fendant or defendants, his or their treble, cods, which he.qr they fluff have sustained by re? foil o* their wrongful vex; (Ion in defence of the said action or suit, for which the said defendant or defendants fluff have the like remedy as. in other cases where , , cods by tile laws of this realm arc given to defendants.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill, plaint, action, or suit against any person or persons for any act, nutter, or tiling to be acted or done in pursuance. of this act, or against any member or minider of a court-martial in respect of any sentence of such court, or of any thing done by virtue, or in pursuance of such sentence, fluff be brought in some of the courts of record atDubl n, and in no other court whufnever.

LIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons whatsoever who fluff>iircft)y.or.indirectly personsde, or procure, or endeavour to persuade, or procure, any soldier or fold ers in the service of his Majesty, or of his heirs or successors, to dcicrt, such person or persons so offending, and being there-of lawfully convicted, {lull fuller such fine, imprisonment, or corporal puniflnnent as the court before whom such offence. Gull be tried, fluff in their discretion think die.

LX. And be it enacted, 'That it fluff andjruy be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to depute by warrant under his hand and fcaJ some proper person to ffgn routes for the . marching of any of his Maj^y’s forces, with the name of such lord lieutenant or chief governor.

LXl. And to prevent as far as may be, any unjud or fraudulent arrests that may be made upon soldiers, whereby his M.ijcffy and the public!; may be deprived of their service \ it is hereby further enacted by the authorirv aforesaid, That no person whatsoever who is or fluff be lifted, or who fluff lift and enter himself as a . volunteer in his Majesty's service, as a soldier, fluff be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process of execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal matter, unless for a real debt, or other just cause of action, and unless before the taking out of such process or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other couit out of winch such process or execution shall issue, or before feme person authorized to take affidavits in such court, that to his or their k ow-Icdge the original sum juilly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants in the action or cause of action, on which such process shall ijuie, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out amounts to

twenty

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 67

twenty pounds xt least, over and above all costs of suit to the fame action, or in any fa action on whic.i the same shall be groan ed, a memorandum of which 01 h Avail i^gp. be marked on the back of such process or writ, for which memorandum no fee Chap. 6.

Ih 11 be taken; and if any person shall nevertheless be arreded contrary to the in-

tent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party hiraelf, or by any his superior

officer, to examine into the fame by the 01th of the parties, or otherwise, and

by warrant under his or their hands and sea s to d'.scharge such soldier so arrested

contrary to the intent of tills act, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof

made before him or them, ihat such soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a fol-

*lier in his Majesty's service, and ..rrested contrary to the intent of this act \ and

-also to award the party so complaining such costs as such judge or judges shall think

reasonable, for the recovery whereof he shall ha/e the lihe remedy that the person who takes out the execution might have had for his cods, or the pla nt: J in the like

action might have had for the recovery of his cods in case judgment had been given

for him with cods against the defendant in the find action.

LXII. And to the end that honed creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their jud debts due to them from persons entered into, and culided his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from suing for the fame, but on the contrary may be ^{lifted and forwarded in their luits, and indead of an ar cd, which may at once -hurt the service, and occaficm a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more cafy and cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaut, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice fird given in writing of the cause of action,

to such person or persons so entered, or left at his or their lad place of residence before such liding, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to cuttle facti plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to lnve an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so lifted, as aforesaid; this act, or any thing herein, or any former law or datute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it emfted by the authority aforesaid, Tint from the passinj'of this idt,.no soldier being arreded, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall b entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrelh or confinement, until die day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company, to which he shall belong.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-.condabic, con ft able, beadle, or other officer or person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or he employed in quartering or billeting any officers or soldiers, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet such ofiieers or soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this . cl directed, provided sufficient notice be glvcn before the arrival cf such troops; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or fams of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of cxcufing, or in order to excuse any person or persons what- '

soever, from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such officer or soldier; or in case any victualler, or any person liable by this act to have any oTicer or soldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive any such officer or soldier, or shall refuse to furnish or allow sufficient and proper accommodation, according to the intention of this act, or utensils to cook and cat their victuals to non-commissioned officers and soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient stab-linjj for each horse so quartered on him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before

R 2 mentioned.

68 The thirty-ninth Year George III.

J[§ £)# mentioned, and shall be thereof conv5£le<L before one or more justice or justices of

J 799# the peace of the county, city, or liberty within which such offence shall be com-Chap. 6. either by his own confelTion, or by the oath-of one or mere credible witness or

witnesses, which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, every such high-constable, constable, beadle, or other o.l.cer or person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, as the said justice or justices before whom the matter shall be heard, shall in his or their discretion think fit; to be levied by distress and faJe o» the goods of the person so offending, by warrant under the hand and leal, or hands and ‘cals of such justice or justices . before whom such. offender shall be convictab or of one or more of them, to be directed to anyconstable with'n the county, city or liberty, or to any of the overseers *. of the poor of the parish where such offender shall dwell; which said (um or five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less thin forty shillings,

when levied, shall be applied in the fir It place in making such satisfaction to any soldier for the expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billeted . or quartered as aforesaid, as such justice or justices fl ail order and direct, and the r remainder,shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the

offence shall be committed, or to feme one of them for the use of the poor of the said parish.

I/£V. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering and billeting the soldiers A in pursuance of his act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for any-One or-more justice or justices of the peace ‘within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under his

T or their hand and eal, or hands and teals,.at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require or command any high-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer who shall quarter, or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the fame, of the number of officers and soldiers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the names of the house-keepers or persons upon whom every such officer or soldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the street or place . whereevery such house-keeper dwells, and of the sign (if any) belonging to their houses, to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

LXVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of Mary'h, one thousaiui seven hundred and nmetjr-nine, when and as often as any person or persons shall be enlisted as a soldier or soldiers in his Majesty's land-service, he and they shall within four days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such enfifting respectively, be parried before the next justice of the peace of any county, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city, or town-ccrporate, not being an officer in the army, and before such justice or chief magistrate, he or they shall be at liberty to declare his , or their difient to such cnlifting *, and upon such declaration and returning the en-lifting money, and also each person so diiienting paying the sum of twenty shillings

for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the presence of such justice or chi'ef'nugiUrate; but if such person or persons shall refuse or neglect within the space of twenty-four horns to return or pay such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselves, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify

2 under

i

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 69

under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly enlisted, fetdng forth the A.D.

place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respectively, if known, and 1799.

that the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and defer- Chap. 6.

tion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath mentioned

in the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons so to he certified ae

duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice

or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer from whom he has

received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until

he or they shall take the oath before required; and every military officer that shall

aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like penalty and forfeiture as

is by this act to be inflicted upon any officer for making a false and untrue muster;

and the penalty and forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as

any penalties and forfeitures are by this act to be levied or recovered.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall receive the enlisting money from any officer, knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such justice or chief magistrate, in order to declare his assent or dissent as aforesaid, such person or persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the oath directed by the said articles of war to be taken before such justice or chief magistrate.

LXVIII. And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the recruiting service should be regularly Iransmitted; be it enacted, That every officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, troop, or company of his MajestyV forces, serving in and belonging to the establishment of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed and required every two months to make up and transmit, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if resident in Ireland, who in this case shall, and he is hereby directed and required to certify the same to the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces, an abstract of the numbers recruited during the two preceding months, and also to transmit a copy of the said abstract, together with a regular and exact account of the expences which have attended the said service during the two preceding months to’ the agent of the corps for which such officer is recruiting respectively, and on failure herein the officer through whose neglect such abstract and account, or a copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant-general or to the agent of the co ps respectively, shall be liable to be tried for such neglect by a general court-martial, and if convicted shall be cashiered, or shall suffer such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel, if in Ireland, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his absence to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the officer so neglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That every paymaster of a regiment, troop, or company, of his Majesty's regular forces serving in and belonging to the establishment of this kingdom, shall, and he rs hereby directed and required to make out and transmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account every two months of the exact subsisttfice actually paid to the effective officers and men, and of the broken periods arising from deaths, desertions, or discharges of men in the course of the said two months, and on the thirty-first day of March, and thirtieth day of September in every year, the said paymaster shall, and lie is hereby directed and required to make up, and within three months from each of the above periods to transmit to the said agent the following accounts, that is to say, an account of all You XIX. S the

The thirty-ninth Year George III.

the expences which have attended the recruiting service of his Majesty's regular forces for the preceding six months, distinguishing the subsistence of recruits, levy money, and every other article of expence under their several heads, an ’account of the poundage paid to the effective men in the preceding six months, an account of hospital expences, travelling expences of officers and horses before they join the troop or regiment, and all other lefier contingencies which are now, or which his Majesty shall by any future regulations under his royal sign manual, direct to be allowed for the preceding six months, under the several heads, the hid respective accounts to be examined and certified by the commanding officer of each respective corps, who (halJ, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame, and on failure herein, the paymaster, through whose neglect the said respective accounts shall not be transmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such rcglcft, by a general court-martial, and if convicted shall be cashiered, or shall fuf-Ter such other punishment as by such court-martial shall be awarded; and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to his colonel (if in Ireland) who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the Secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his absence, to the under Secretary for the military department, in order that the officers offending may be brought to a trial for the same.

LXX. And be it enacted, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the agent of every regiment, troop and company of his Majesty's regular forces, Serving in, and belonging to the establishment of this kingdom,- shall, and they are hereby directed and required to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, or company, for the preceding year, ending the thirty-first day of March, the said accounts to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year, and in the said accounts the several impresss, or monies received, including the monies received for cast horses fold, and every other receipt which belongs, and ought to be brought to the credit of the publick, in the accounts of the respective corps, and die several di/burfements or'monie» paid shall be properly distinguished, under their several heads of service, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pay of the commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of the several corps, then and there to be charged, and the balance then struck, which is due from the publick to the said regiment, troop, or company; and to transmit the fame within the said limited time, together with the said proper vouchers, agreeable to the present (landing regulations, or any future regulations, which his Majesty shall, under his royal sign manual direct, to the office of the Secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and on failure herein, or in any other of the regulations prescribed to the said agents by this act, the agent or agents so offending shall forfeit the firm of one hundred pounds for every offence, to bfc recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and the Secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or cause to be examined and settled, the aforesaid annual accounts: Provided always, That the same shall not extend, or be construed to extend to discharge any agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, such account or accounts as the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, may have occasion for, or require; and any agent or agents refuting obedience to such requisition or requisitions, shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid.

LXXI. And in order to prevent all doubts that may arise in relation to punHhii^ crimes and offences committed against a former act of parliament for punishing

ratify

T *hethirty-ninth Year of George M. y

mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; A* D, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences which have ' IjgQ. been committed against the said act, shall and may, during the continuance of this Chap. 6 jpresent aft, be enquired of, heard* tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished before, and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this act may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punished; and the proceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former act, shall not be discontinued by the expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into execution in the like manner as if the proceedings had been commenced under the authority of this act.

LXXII. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any offence against the said act which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial, except only for the offence of desertion.

LXXIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers and persons employed, or that shall be employed in the several trains of aTtillery, be at all times subject to all penalties and punishments mentioned in this act, and shall, in all respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the intent and meaning of torery.part of this act, during the continuance of the same.

LXXIV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested, that the officers of the marine forces shall be associated with the officers of the land forces for the purpose of holding courts-martial; be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the land and marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or soldier of the land forces m like manner, to all intents and puiyofes, as if such courts-martial were composed of officers of the land forces only, and the officers of the land and marine forces are in such cases to take rank according to the seniority of their commissions in either service.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force within the realm of Ireland, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, lo the £rft day of April, one thousand eight hundred, and no longer.

CHAP.

7*

A.D. , 1799.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. VII.

An Act for securing the Payment of the , and of the

Interesl upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and

towards the D if charge of such principal Sums in such

ver as therein is directed; and for enabling the Officers of

His Majesty sTreasury to receive certain Sums for a limited

1 ime. in Manner therein mentioned > and for granting unto - His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Cc. nfolidated 7 Fund; and fir applying a certain Sum of Money therein: mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for other Purposes.

Monday the twenty-fifth day of Mar eh y one thousand seven hundred and' ninety-nine

Royal Ajfent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

Expired. W7 WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the thirty-eighth year of his

W Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting for cne year the fiveral duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties, say able ufcri the articles' therein specified, during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's ' colonies y and for other furpofis therein mentioned, several aids And duties were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, inclusive, to pay an interest for the several sums mentioned in an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, ' entitled, An act for fi curing the paynent of the annuities, and of the interefi upon the principal sums therein provided for, and toioards the discharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is dire ft id, and for enabling the officers of his Majesty's treasury to rei tive certain sums for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned, and for granting . tinto his Majesty a certain sum of money therein rtientionedy for the fir vice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty and for other furpofis, or so much thereof as . should remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the person or persons who lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, at the respective rates therein respectively mentioned, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such times as they shall be respectively paid their principal money, at one entire payment $ and also to pay the several annuities and charges therein mentioned, And whereas, in purftiance of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, two ievtral further sums have been raised, for which sums, debentures bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum, per annum, have been issued, that is to say, one thousand three hundred pounds, for which debentures, bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twfcnty-fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand three hundred pounds, for which debentures, bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-second day of March, one theu-8 sand

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

73

fiand seven hundred and ninety-seven, have been Hlued, amounting to two thousand six hundred pounds, which debentures are outdanding and unpaid. And whereas, by a resolution of the house of the commons, o» the third day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it is resolved, That towards raising the supply therein mentioned, the sum of two millions three hundred sixty-six thousand seven hundred and forty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four pence be raised by loan. And whereas a sum of two millions of pounds, British currency, making in Irish currency two millions one hundred sixty-iix thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings ancTfour pence, part of the said sum of two millions three hundred sixty-six thousand seven hundred and forty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four pence, authorized to be raised by loan, towards udfing the supply granted to his Majesty, for the serv ce of the year one thou far ‘ seven lmr led and ninety-eight, and mentioned in an act of parliament paffhd in Jre.ond, \n the last session of parliament, entitled. An act to enable the commissioners of the tre fury in Ireland to receive from the commisson-trs of the treasury in England, the sum therein mentioned, as a loan in part of the supply* granted to his Majesty, and for securing the interest and charges thereon, and on a sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, British currency, therein mentioned, and raised on loan in Great Britain, hath been received at the receipt of his MajestyV exchequer, in Ireland, from the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, in England , upon the terms of provision being made for the interest and charges of the loan made to that amount in Great Britain, that is to say, for an interest of six pounds per centuni per annum, four pounds ten shillings thereof, commencing from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to be paid half yearly oh every fifth day of Ju-y, and fifth day of January, and the remaining one pound ten shillings, commencing from the fifth day -of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to be paid half yearly on every fifth day of October, and fifth day of April, together with an annuity, at the rate of four shillings and eleven pence for every one hundred pounds of the said sum, commencing from the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and to continue for the term of sixty-cne years and nine months, and then to cease, and for a yearly charge of one pound per centum on the capital (lock created thereby., being four millions of pounds, and a yearly sum, after the rate of one pound per centum on the value of the said annuity of four shillings and eleven pence, to be issued by the commissioners of the treasury, in England, to the commissioners appointed by act of parliament, in Great Britain, for reducing the national debt, to be applied in the redemption thereof, and to be issued by quarterly payments, and the said principal sum is dill unpaid. And whereas, in pursuance of another act of parliament passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for raising by loan a sum not exceeding two hundred thousand and eighty pounds, in {art of the sum of two millions th ee hundred ft \ty fix thousasid seven hundred and forty six pounds thirteen flu/lings and four, pence, authorized to be raised by loan, towards rrifing the supply grunted to his Majesty for the fervire of the year one thousand fe\*cn bunded add n ;nety-eighty and for other purposes, the sum of two luindred thousand and eighty pounds, hath been paid by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and in pursuance of the said act, debentures have been issued to the said governor and company, to the amount of the principal sum of three hundred and twenty-eight thousand pounds, bearing an interest after the rate of five pounds er centum, {er annum, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fcveu’hunJ;' ed and ninety-eight, which debentures are (lili outdanding and unpaid. And whereas, in pursuance of another act of parliament, passed in the Lft.fcllion of parliament, entitled, An a cl for raising by loan, as a ftp/ly to his Majesty, tJoc sum therein mentioned, for thegurposes therein mentioned, the sum of one million rony-fi\ thousand seven hur\dred and twenty-nine pounds k:n shillings, hath been raised and paid in:o the Yol. XIX. T receipt'

A.D.

1799-Chap. 7«

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and in pursuance of the said act, debentures have been issued to the contributors of the said sum, to the amount of the principal sum of one million seven hundred fifteen thousand nine hundred and fifty pounds, bearing an interest, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred eighty-nine, which debentures are (till outstanding and unpaid* And whereas, by a vote of the house of commons, of the second day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it is resolved, That an additional supply, not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, towards the relief of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects, as have been sufferers.in their property during the subsisting rebellion; and in pursuance of the said resolution, a sum of one hundred thousand pounds hath been raised on treasury bills, bearing an interest, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fourth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the said bills are made current^ and payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on the twenty-fourth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. And whereas, by another resolution of the house of commons, of the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it is resolved, That whatever sum or sums of money should be advanced and paid into his Majesty's exchequer, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by* his excellency, the lord.lieutenant to defray the expence of the necessary defence of this kingdom, the said house would make good the fame, and that the fame be raised on' treasury bills, in the manner in the said resolution mentioned; and in pursuance of the said resolution, the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds hath been raised and was paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and treasury bills to the amount of the said sum have been issued, bearing an interest, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty^faurth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and are payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. And whereas, in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act to authorize the ijfuing of trerfury bills to the amount therein mentioned, to the company of the grand canal, to carry on the navigation to the Shannon, end to authorize tty issuing cf debentures to the amount therein mentioned, to enable the company of the royal canal to proceed in carrying on the said candl, treasury bills to the amount of thirty thousand pounds, bearing an interest from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, to be.paid half-yearly, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, have been issued by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, and given to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, towards enabling them to complete the said canal from the city of Dublin to the river Shannon, and are payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and six. And whereas, the aids and duties granted to his Majesty, in and by the first recited act, and appropriated to pay and difehurge the several principal sums in said recited acts, respectively set forth, and herein before mentioned, have not proved sufficient for fuchpurposes. And whereas it is necessary to provide fur the payment of the several principal sums, at any time or times heretofore borrowed upon or secured by debentures or treasury bills, or upon stock, m?de transferable at the bank of England, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine^ together with the interest thereof, or annuities payable for the fame, and also to provide for the payment of the several life annuities granted upon the respective sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, and one hundred and frventy five thousand pound.?, and three hundred

thousi-md

' \

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

thousand pounds, heretofore raised $ also to provide for the payment of the several annuities of thirty thousand pounds, and eighteen thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds, to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, mentioned in the said second receited act, pursuant to and upon the terms in the several acts in that behalf mentioned, and also to provide for the payment of the annuities for terms for years heretofore granted, pursuant to an act of parliament for. effectuating the raising of any money for the use of the government of this kingdom, and to provide for the payment of the said several films, amounting to two thousand six hundred pounds, raised upon debentures, in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, and interest upon the fame, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; and also to provide for the payment in London, to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, of the interest and quarterly charge on the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and mentioned in the said act, passed in the iaft session of parliament, entitled, An act to enable the commissioners of the treasury in Ireland to receive from the comtnifftotiers of the treasury in England the sum therein mentioned, as a loan in part of the supply granted to his Majesty, and for securing the interest and charges thereon, and on a liim of one million five hundred thousand pounds, Brititli currency, therein mentioned, and for the payment in London to the cora-missioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, of the interest and quarterly charge on the sum of two millions of pounds British currency, paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, pursuant to the said act; be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this piefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the several principal sums heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of three pounds ten ftiillings fer centum per annum, and five pounds per centum per annum respectively; and for the said principal sum of two thousand six hundred pounds, raised in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and for the several sums heretofore raised in pursuance of any act upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and for such proportion of any of the said debentures as have or shall have been converted into (lock transferable at the bank of Ireland, pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable the proprietors of de~ bentures, issued by government, to convert them into Jloek transfer ruble at the bank of Ireland, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majest/s treasury in this kingdom, and at the bank of Ireland, respectively, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the person or person who paid or lent, or*Thall become entitled to the fame respectively, his, her or their executors, administrators or aiugns, an interest; at the rate of three pounds ten findings per centum per annum, four pound* per centum f er annum, and five pounds per centum per annum respectively; and for the several sums heretofore borrowed upon or secured by debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable in the city of London, and for the several sums subscribed for and paid at the bank of England, and made {lock transferable at the said bank, there shall be paid in the city of London, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons who paid or Hull have become entitled to the fume respectively. Ids, her or the:r executors, adminif-

T a trators

75

A.D.

j6 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

trators or assigns, such interest and annuities as have been established on account of I such ^ums respectively, according to the true intent and meaning of the several arts

Chap. 7. rc^at*ng to the fame respectively, such interest and annuities to be paid without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

II. And be it enacted, That the interest and quarterly chargeson the saidfums of -one million five hundred thousand pounds, and two millions of pounds British currency, paid Into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, as aforesaid, shall be remitted to the commissioners of the said Xreasury, pursuant to the said acts concerning the same.

III. And be it enacted, That several life annuities heretofore granted to die several subscribers who advanced and paid the said three several sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, and one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds, into his Majesty's treasury, shall and may be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the lame shall become due according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts heretofore made concerning the same respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid several annuities payable to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, amounting to seventy-three thousand, one hundred and twenty-five pounds, shall be regularly paid to the governor and company of the said bank, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts concerning the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities for years, granted in pursuance of any act for effectuating the raising of any sum or sums for the use of the government of this kingdom, be regularly paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of this kingdom, and at the city of London; according as the fame have been respectively agreed or appointed to be paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the fame fltaH become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts concerning the same respectively.

VI. And be it enacted, That for the principal sums at any time heretofore bor-' Towed upon, or secured by treasury bills now outstanding and unpaid, and which are not yet current to any receiver or collector of any revenue, aid or tax in this Icingdom, bearing an interest of two-pence halfpenny by the day, for each one hundred pounds, and five pounds per centum per annum, and six pounds per centum per annum, and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the person or persons having paid the fame respectively, his, her or their executors, administrators and assigns, an interest after the rate of two pence half-penny by the day for every one hundred pounds, and five pounds per centum per annum, and six pounds per centum per annum, according to the ten >£ of such treasury bills respectively, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid their principal money, at one entire

payment.

VII. And be it enacted, That the aids granted to his Majesty, in and by an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one sear tie federal duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifecl during the said term; and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majes fs colonies, and for ether purpefes therein mentioned; and appropriated to the payment of the interest of the interest of the several sums secured by debentures and treasury bills, and of such of the said debentures as have or shall have been converted into fcock, transferrafcde at the bank of Ireland, and of the sums borrowed in England, and made flock transferrable at the bank of England j and to payment

I of

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

-*of the mterefl: and charges of the several sums paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and to payment of the life and other annuities aforesaid shall be applied and paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them \ or the lord high-treasurer for the time being to the payment of the said interest, annuities and charges, and towards payment of the interest of such sum or Turns as shall be borrowed, towards raising the supply granted to his Majesty for the Tervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine \ the rate of such interest and the terms of such loans to be ascertained and directed by any act passed or to be p.ifled this fefhon of parliament, and towards payment of the expence* which may be incurred by fending or remitting from time to time to London, fuclv ,of the several annuities, and interci; money and charges, as are payable there, pursuant to the several acts passed relating thereto respectively, or as may be payable there, in pursuance of any act or acts to be pafild this session of parliament, and also the charges attending the expence of any money which may be borrowed in England, towards raising the said supply, and of transmitting the same to this kingdom, and also to the payment of the several following allowances to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, for the purposes following* that is to say, to defray the expence of paying the interest of any principal sum payable at the said bank, an allowance not exceeding the rate of four hundred and fifty pounds per annum for one million of pounds of the principal sums on which such interest shall accrue, and for payment of any annuities payable at the said bank, an allowance not exceeding the rate of one hundred and twelve pounds ten shillings for ten thousand pounds of such annuities, and for taking subscriptions-to any loan, and receiving the contributions thereto, an allowance not exceeding the rate of eight hundred and five pounds fifteen shillings and ten pence for one milhonof pounds of such loan \ and that the surplus of - the said duties be applied in such manner as shall be directed by parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That whatever expences shall be incurred by fending or remitting from tjme to tirnc the said interest, annuities, and charges from this kingdom to the city of London, and the payment of the fame, there shall be charged ^pon the duties, ?rates, impositions, and taxes subject to the payment of the said interest and annuities, and that whafever profit shall be made by way of exchange by remitting the said sums, or any.of them, shall be brought to the credit of the balance due of the said duties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this f'ssion of parliament, entitled, An off for granting annuities in manner therein provided to such persons as flail voluntarily fubflribe towards the raising a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred and fxtyfve thousand pounds, shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and no longer.

X. And be it enacted, That so much of the several principal fumsfo heretofore from time to time borrowed upon, o. iccured by debentures carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per cent. per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per

centum per annumy and five pounds per centum respectively, as shall be due and unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year one thousand eight hundred and such sum or sums as shall be raised or borrowed towards raising the said,supply as shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, shall be well and truly satisfied and paid unto the several andrespec-tive persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns to whom the same shall be then due, together with all interest for the fame# at the respective rates at which the same are or shall be payable, without any deduction whatsoever.

77

A.D.

1799*'

Chap.

7 5 7 'bethirty-ninth Year of Georgfe III.

A.D.

XL. And be it cuacted, That1 whatever surplus or exceeding of the duties granted '799* 1 *n the or ai1^ *ormer kfli°n of parliament, appropriated to the payment of the Chap* 7* interest of the federal*principal sums, annuities, and charges herein before menti-oned shall remain in his Majesty's exchequer over and above all interest, annuities and charges payable thereout on the twenty-fifth day of March* one thousand eight hundred, shall be disposeckof in such manner as shall be directed by parliament.

XII. And whereas towards railing the supply granted to his Majesty, it may be nccoiiary to establitl. one or more lottery or lotteries-, Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the .-time being, or any three or more of them, or of the lord lught treasurer for the time being, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being for that purpose, to establish one of more lottery or lotteries upon such scheme or schemes of prizes to be paid in ready . money, and at such time or times, fend with all such- further and other regulations, powers,; and provisions necessary to carry the fame into execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, of the lord high treasurerTof the time being;

and that such lottery or lotteries so to be established; shall be conducted and earned on with such powers and authorities,»and-under and subject to such regulations and directions, and with such form of books,- mode of drawing prorifions as to tickets delivered or not subscribed for; rewards to managers and other officers; discount for subscriptions advanced, and such forfeitures for omiffiorrs to pay or complete fub-feriptions to such lottery or lotteries, within such time or times as shill be appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, and under and subject to such powers to pay incident expences necessary to be incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, and such other powers and authorities, proviso/is, and restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, and remedies as are severally mentioned in*an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty the several duties, rates r impfuians, and taxes therein particularly e>:preffedr to be applied to the payment of the interest of the sums therein provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal sums in such manner as therein is directed, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned s and in ope other act passed in the thirty-third year of his present MajestyVreign, entitled, yin

m& to prevent insurance of lottery tickets, to regulate the drawing of lotteries, and fa amend the fame; and also in one other act passed- in the same year, entitled, an act for continuing and amending the everal laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for more effectually preventing frauds therein; and in one other act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An faCl or amending the laws for the regulation of lottery offccsi and for. preventing the insurance of lottery tickets, *unlcfis the same shall be other wise provided for this session of parliament, or shall be ena£\ed

by any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament, as fully and effectually, to

all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every of them were herein particularly set forth and enabled, with respect to such lottery or lotteries to be established; and that the amount of the prizes of the lotteries drawn in the year one thousand fever* v hundred and ninety eight, shall be paid out of the monies which shall arise by contri-

butions to the said lottery or lotteries, hereby authorized to be established.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all monies coming into the receipt of the exchequer by loans, towards raising the supply granted by this act, and all monies arising by profits on tickets in any lottery in pursuance of this act^ shall be carried to, and be part of the consolidated fund.

XIV. And whereas treasury bills, which have been issued for the sum ofone hundred thousand pounds, raised pursuant to a po>ver in an act passed in the thirty-second

f his Majesty's reign, bearing an interest at the rate of two pence halfpenny

by

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

by the day for each one hundred pounds, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, are payable on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: We your Majesty's loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies 'which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned, and do therefore raoft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by and out of such monies as shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the fund called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of Mareh, one thousand eight hundred inclusive, after paying and referring sufficient to pay all such sum and sums of money, as, have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament, or by any act or adU passed this session of parliament, to be paid out of the fame, which sum and sums the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, is, and are hereby authorized to issue and pay out of the said consolidated fund, shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the supply granted to your Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ainety-nine, a sum not exceeding five million eighty thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight pounds one shilling and eight pence halfpenny j and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, are, or is hereby authorized to issue and apply the fame accordingly.

XV. And be it enacted, That the sum of five million eighty thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight pounds one shilling and eight pence halfpenny, by this act granted out of the monies that shall arise by the surplus of the fund called the consoli-.dated fund, from, the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred inclusive, shall be, and the fame is hereby appropriated, and shall be issued in manner aforesaid, < and applied for and towards the Several uses and purposes herein after cx-pressed.

XVI. And belt enabled, That out of all or any of the aids and supplies aforesaid, there shall, and may be issued the film of seven hundred thousand pounds t#

Jthe payment and discharge of the said treasury bills, for the said sums of one hundred thousand pounds, and five hundred ilioufand pounds, which.are made current and payable on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and of the said treasury bills, for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, which are made current and payable on the twenty ^fourth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XVII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding four millions one hundred forty-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-seven pounds >two shillings and three pence, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land force*, aai other services herein particularly exp refled *, That is.to say, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the sum of four hundred eighty thousand five hundred and fifteen pounds eight shillings and ten pence, for defraying the charge of twelve thousand effeCive men, for guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's forces in Ireland, including the pay of commissioned and non-commissioned officers and private men,

the charge of agency, and the charge of allowances to be made to captains, paymaf-

>. xers, surgeons, riding-mailers, and for serjeants, to be maintained within this kingdom for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, < nc thousand eight hundred, any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven hundred thirty eight thousand four hundred and thirty-nine pounds fifteen Uullings and four pence, for defraying die

U 2 charge

A.D.

1799-Chap. 7.

8o

A.D.

' 1799-Chap. 7.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

charge of twenty thousand two hundred and eighty-one meni the augmentation t* the land forces of this kingdom for the internal defence of the country for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding ninety-eight thousand three hundred and twenty-seven pounds twelve shilling; and fixpe'nce, for defraying the charge of three thousand t\Vo -hundred and thirty-four men serving abroad, including die pay of commissioned and non^conimilhoucd oliicers and private men, the charge of agency, and the charge of 'allowances to be made to captains, pay-masters, furgeoiu, riding-masters, and for serjeants to be maintained by this kingdom for one year* ending the thirty-fird day of March, one thousand eight hundred/, any fiuji or sums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, For defraying the charge of additional pay to such regiments of . cavalry and infantry as may be commanded on duty in Dublin for one year, ending the thirty-fird day of March, cue thousand eight hundred* any sum or sums of money not exceeding forty-three thousand four hundred and eighty-four pounds twe shillings and l'eveti pence -three farthing/, for defraying the charges of general and general staff officers for one year, ending, the thirty- first day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five thousand four hundred and twenty-eight pounds, nine shillings and fixpen^e three farthings, for defraying the charge of the allowances to the muster-master-general, judge advocate general, physician, and surgeon general, provost martial general, fix commissaries of musters, the agent for the transiniffion of deserters, and the town major, their depu- ties and clerks, the medical board, and the contingent expences of their -respective offices for one year, ending the thirty-first: day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five thousand seven hundred and thirty-one pounds fifteen shillings and two pence farthing, for defraying the charge of governors of garrisons, of military incidents, and of fire and candles for garrisons for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March,-one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding eighty-two thousand seven hundred and seventy pounds, seventeen shillings and six pence, for defraying the charge of recruiting, and contingencies of Ins' Majesty's land forces for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding eleven thousand six hundred and ninety-nine pounds seven shillings and eight pence halfpenny, to defray the charge of half-ray officers of his Majesty's army for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding five thousand five hundred and sixty-nine pounds four shillings, for defraying the charge of the allowances to be paid to the widows of commissioned and warranted officers, and the expence6 attending the fame for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred eighty-three thousand and seventy-seven pounds eighteen shillings and four pence, for defraying the charge of the expence of extra forage for the cavalry for one year, commencing the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and ending the thirty-fird day of March, 01U thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven hundred sixty-nine thousand and twelve pounds and eleven pence halfpenny, for defraying the qharge of the embodied miiita of the several counties of this kingdom for one year, ending the thirty-fird day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding nine thousand one hundred pounds, for defraying the charge of rc-enliding militia men, whefe time of service expires previous to the twenty-fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or sums of money not exceeding six hundred eighty-seven thousand four hundred and eighty-five pounds twelve shillings and four pence, for defraying the charge of the several dlflri£t corps in this kingdom for one

year, ending the thirty-first day of March, 8

one thousand eight hundred; any sum

or

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 8r

r sums of money rot exceeding one hundred thirty-two thousand seven hundred and J) fifty-three pounds seven shillings and four pence, for defraying, the expence of the commifiariat establishment for one year, ending the thirty-*first day of March,'one thousand eight hundreds any sum or sums of money not exceeding eight thousand nine hundred and two pounds two shillings and three pence halfpenny, for defraying the charge of the medical board, the medical staff, and file additional medical staff for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundreds-any sum or sums not exceeding twelve thousand one hundred and sixty-nine pounds six shillings and two pence, for defraying-the charge of military general hospitals, and medicaments for the army in this kingdom for one year, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred.; airy sum or sums of money not exceeding four thousand-three hundred-and sixty-nine pounds, for defraying the charge of re--duced chaplains-of file several regiments of the line, and fencibles, also of the chap-lains of the garrisons of Dublin, and to the troops stationed at fiindiy places in Ireland, for one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred* any sum or sums of money not exceeding three thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of the royal military infirmary for one year, -ending the thirty-first day of 'March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty-seven thousand nine hundred and seventy-one pounds twelve shillings and nine pence for defraying the charge -of the royal hospital for invalids For one year, ending the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundreds any stun or sums of money not exceeding (hirty-seven thousand one hundred pounds, for -defraying the expence of bat and forage for the general officers staff, medical board, and commHTariat, upon bang ordered to held themselves in readings to take the fields- *n the . year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; any sum or fonu of money, not -exceeding three hundred and fifty thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of contingencics for die army and militia, under the head of barracks, for one year, ending the thirty-fisft day of March, one thousand eight famdeed* any fnm or sums of money, not exceeding four hundred forty-two thousand six hundred and -fifty-nine pounds seven shillings and nine pence three farthings, for defraying the charge of -die ordinary and extraordinary expehccs of the office of ordnanoe for one -year, ending-the thirty-first day-of March, one thousand eight hundred.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That out of uU or any of the aids or supplies afore-fold, there shall and may be issued and paid, the sum of ten thousand and seventy-eight pounds one shilling and four pence, to the fevers! officers of the house of commons, herein particularly expressed, that is to say. The (am of four thousand pounds ' to the right honourable John Fofter, speaker of the house of commons, to enable him to maintain the-state and dignity of his offices the sum of five hundred pounds to Henry Alexander, esquire, chairman to the committees of supply and ways and means, for his Cervices this session of parliaments the sum of five hundred and forty pounds to fir George Fit 2-Gerald Hill, baronet, clerk of the house -of -commons, as a reward for his attendance and Cervice this -session of parliament; and a further funk of two hundred pounds, for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, superintending the printing and making an index to the journals of the house of commons of iaft session; and also a further sum of two hundred (eventy-eight pounds-one shilling and four pence, for eagnffing the money bills of this session, and for compaiy ing, examining, and attestingtthe fames the sum Of three ^hundred and fifty pounds to Edward Tic (ham, derk assistant, as a reward for his attendance and service this session-of parliament; the sum of five hundred pounds to ' George Frederick Win-stanley and Jonathan Rogers, commhtee clerks, as a reward for their attendance and Cervice this session of parliament, -to be equally divided between them; the sum of three hundred and twenty pounds to James Corry, clerk of the journals and records, as a.reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; also a further Vox. XIX. X sum

1799* Chap. 7.

8a

The thirty-ninth Year George III. A.D. 1799. Chap. 7—

sum of two hundred pounds, for his trouble in superintending the printing of the schedules of duties, and other papers, for the committee of ways and means, in the present session of parliament; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Charles Henry Tandy, clerk of the engroflments, as a reward for his attendance and fctvice this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds to Townley

Richardson, affiltant clerk of the engrofiment, as a reward for Ins attendance and service this session of parliaments the sum of one hundred and fitffy pounds to Dawson Ellis, late clerk of the engroffinents, in consideration of his long and faithful Cervices in that office; the sum of one hundred and sixty pounds to 'William Rauerty, clerk in the chief clerk’s office, as a reward for his attendance and service this session -of parliament; the sum of six hundred and seventy pounds to John M<Clintock, esquive, serjeant at arms, as a reward for hie attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Henry Coddington, for his extraordinary care and trouble in attending the house of commons, as deputy serjeant at arms; the sum of four hundred and fifty pounds to the speaker of the house of commons, to be applied by him for the better arrangement of hufiness in the clerk’s office the sum of seventy pounds to William Brown, as a reward for las trouble and attendance, in delivering the votes to the members this session of parliament the sum of two hundred pounds to John Kennedy and John Waifn, doorkeepers to the house of commons, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of seven hundred and seventy pounds to she speaker of the house of commons, to be by him divided among the back door-keepers and messengers attending the house, being twenty in number, and the other attendants, in such manner as he shall direct; and the sum of eighty pounds to Dame Albina Freemantle, for the additional expence incurred by her in the.articles of coals and, candles, which fire is obliged to furnish in the new buildings in the interval between this and the next session of parliament.

XIX. And be it enacted, That out cf all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaidf there shall and may be Blued and paid, the sum of two thou find and sixty pounds to the fevtial public officers for their services, and in manner following, that is to say. The sum of three hundred and forty pounds to Stephen Moore, esquire, accountant-general, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and itaiing the public accounts of the nation, laid before the house of commons this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred and forty pounds to John Smart, deputy accountant-general for his extraordinary trouble this session of parliament, and fer superintending the printing of the public accounts; the sum of eight hundred pounds to Sir John Tydd, baronet, in consideration of his attendance, care, and expence, in the office of pny-master of corn bounties; the sum-of two hundred pounds to l’aul Le Ba$, examiner of torn bounties, in consideration of his trouble and expence in keeping the accounts of the fame; the sum of two hundred pounds to John Claudius Beres-ford, esquire, inspeck/r-general of imports and exports, aa a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing the accounts of the imports and exp arts for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, pursuant to the order of this'housex the fnm of one hundred and forty pounds to Rogers Wetherall, first clerk in the office of the inspector-general of imports and exports, for his extraordinary trouble in making up the several accounts by him laid before the house of commons this session of parliament; and the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Swan, exnnrinator of cxeife, fer his.extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts for the house of commons.

XX. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies.aforesaid, there shall and may be iiiujd and applied any sum or suns of money not exceeding one hundred fourteen thousand and sixty-five pounds three shillings and six pence halfpenny, for defraying the charges of the several mifceUaneous services following,

- xhat

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

appointment of aiTociate and affiilant judges, for one year ending th.: tw

including the wages of overseers, rents and taxes, and other incidental

or sums of money not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds, to defray the charge of apprehending public offenders for one year ending the twenty fifth day of March/ one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding twenty.five thousand pounds, for defraying the charge which may probably be incurred in the office of the solicitor in criminal causes, for one year ending the twenty-fiftl\ day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding one thousand and forty seven pounds ten shillings and two pence, for defraying the expence attending pratique in the port of Dublin for one year ending the twenty-fifrh day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not xcceding three thousand five hundred pounds, to defray the charge of the enftomary allowances to the several officers in England and Irehn \ for their attendance and service in the present session of parliament, an \ also the -fees payable to several of the said officers on passing the several publick bills of the present session; any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven thousand and twenty-six pounds nine shillings and ten pence halfpenny, to defray the charge of printing proclamations and advertisements in die Dublin Gazette and other newspa-.pers, for one year ending the twenty-fifth day of->March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums not exceeding fourteen thousand eight hundred and fifteen pounds eight {billings, to defray the charge of printing work and stationary for both dhouses of parliament during the present session; any sum or sums of money not exceeding eighteen thousand six hundred and thirty pounds nine shillings and six pence, -for defraying the charge of printing, stationary, and other distmrfements for the chief and under secretaries offices and apartments, and other public offices in Dublin castle, and for the riding charges and other expence6 of the xleputy purfuivants and extra messengers attending the said offices, for one year ending the twenty-fifth day of Mafch, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding one thousand five hundred pounds, to be applied to defray the incidental expences of the board of treasury, for one year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; the sum of three hundred and sixty-one pounds three shillings and six pence halfpenny, to make good the loss of emolument to the clerk, usher, and assistants in the council office, for one year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven hundred and forty pounds, for defraying the charge of clothing the battle-axe guards for one year ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand five hundred and nineteen pounds eighteen shillings and twopence, to pay the usual and customary allowances to the several persons, and for the several purposes following, that is to say, the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds to the French conformist minister of the united congregation of St. Patrick’s, Dublin; the sum of one hundred pounds to the French mtnifters at Corkj one hundred and eighty tpounds to the French ministers at Lisburn, Dundalk, and Inniftiannon, at sixty pounds each; one hundred pounds to the French ministers at Waterford and Por-tarlington, at fifty pounds each; fifty pounds to the minister of the congregation of German protestants in Dublin; twenty pounds to the ordinary or chaplain of the New Prison for the time being, for visiting the sick prisoners in the several prisons in Dublin; fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings and two pence halfpenny to the rec-itor of Saint Faults, for attending the sick in die barrack of Dublin; fifty-two

X 3 pounds

83

*s of the A.l\

mty-fifth *7 <r).

r not tx- Ch ip 7.

mildin-is, 0

rnres for any (urn

&4 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

J)< pounds eighteen shillings and two-pence halfpenny to the chaplain attending the

1799* T^foners *n the four courts inarflialfea; forty-two pounds six shillings and seven

Chan. % pence to the diaplain to the gahrifon of Charlemont; thirty pounds to the under library-keeper; fifty pounds and fifteen shillings, to the vicar of CaiUe-knock, in lieu of tithe and glebe land in the Phoenix Park; twelve pounds to the minister of James’s for the like; forty-one, pounds and seven Spence halfpenny to the vicar of Saint Andrew’s for minister’s money, payable out of houses and grounds whereon the parliament'house (lands; ten pounds six shillings and two pence to Ac re£tor of Saint Michan’s for ministers money; eighteen pounds live shillings and six pence to the archbishop of Dublin, for proxies out of divers churches; threepounds fifteen »shillings to the bishop of Meath, out of the manor of Trim; forty deven pounds 'six shillings and eight pence to the dean and Chapter, and vicars choral of Chrtft Church; eight hundred pounds to the loid mayor and citizens of Dublin; three hundred and eighty-eight pounds fifteen shillings to the provost and fellows of Trinity 'College; ondhundred pounds to the professor of the Trench and German languages in Trinity College; one hundred^pounds to the professor of the Spanish and Italian languages in Trinity College; one hundred and sixteenpourids thirteen shillings to the royal Irish academy, for rent of an house; and fifty-two pounds eighteen shillings and two pence halfpenny to Ae attendant on khe nautical x>bfervatory; any sum or sums of money not exceeding two hundadd and eighty-two pounds four shillings and three pence halfpenny, to be applied to pay major general Valiancy, after the rate of fifteen shillings per day, during the rime he shall be employed ort a military survey of this kingdom in the year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; any sum or sums of money «mt exceeding two thousand fire hundred pounds, to be applied to defray the charge of the several disbursements to be made by the chief serjeant at arms, for the use of the house of commons during Ac present session of parliament?'Ae sum of one Aoufand one hundred pounds, to be applied to defray: Ae charge of the several disbursements to be made by the gentleman briber of: Ae black rod, foe the use of Ae house of lords during Ae present (clfion) the fiuxrof one hundred andieventy-eight pounds to Ae clerk of the house Ofiords, for engrossing, comparing, and attesting Ae public bills of the present ‘feflhm, except the money bills; Ae sum of two hundred pounds to Robert Scott, M. D. for his trouble in attending Ae sick in his Majestt/s.gaol called Ae new prison, for. one year ending the twenty-fifA day of March, one thousand eight hundred; and the t&im of one thousand six hundred and sixty-four pounds to Ae local commissioncFsof the Lagan navigation, for two years ending the twenty-fifA day of March, one Aoufand eight hundred, in i lieu of a duty on beer and ale, formerly granted Aem within certain parts of the district of Lifbura.

XXIII. And be it etia&ed, That out of all or any of the said aids or supplies aforesaid, Acre shall and may be issued to Ae trustees of Ae 4inen and hempen manufactures the fom of twenty-one thousand six hundred pounds, for the following purposes; that is to say, the sum of two Aoufand pounds ior one year, ending the twenty-fifA day of March, one thousand eight hundred, encourage Ae railing of sufficient quantities of hemp and flax.in this kingdom^she furAer sum of two thousand, pounds for one year* ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, for'Ae encouragement of the hempen wnd flaxen manufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munfttr, and Connaught; and Ae furAer sum of seven Aoufand two hundred.and fifty pounds, for one year, to Ae twenty-fifA dayof March,one thousand eight hundred, so encourage the growth of flax in this kingdom; the sum of tea Aoufand three hundred and fifty pounds, for one year, ending the twenty-fifA day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to be by the said ^m£-tees'applied in such manner as shall appear to them to be most conducive to promote and encourage the said manufactures, the said film ie be-in Ac place and dead 5

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

of a Eke sum paid to them out of the produce of the duties on teas and coffee.

XXII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iffiacd and paid to the board of fir it fruits, the sum of five thousand pounds for building new church s and T-hui!Jii\g old chur dies, in such parishes as no public service has been performed in for twenty years iaft past, and for the encouragement of building gJebe-houses on such terms as they shall think fit.

XXIII. And be it also enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies foresaid, there shall and may be iiTued to the Dublin Society, the rum of five thousand five hundred pounds for the improvement of husbandry and other useful arts in Ireland, to be applied in such manner a» shall be directed by parliament for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued to the corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets of Dublin, the sum of ten thousand pounds; that is to say, the fun* of five thousand pounds to be by them expended in paving, lighting* and cleansing the said streets for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, the said sum to be in the place and ftcad of a like sum paid to them out of the produce of the duties on carriages; 'and a further sum of five thousand pounds towards enabling them to discharge the extraordinary expences to be incurred during the time aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be iiTued and paid the sum of forty-eight thousand one hundred ini ninety-six pounds, eleven shillings and seven penes, for the use of the several public hofphals and schools,.in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, the sum of thirteen thousand pounds to the incorporated society, as a. full provision for supporting the protestant charter schools for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; the sum of seventeen thousand and sixty-six pounds eleven shillings and seven-pence, to the governors of the foundling hospitil and work-hoirfe, towards enabling them to pay off the debt6 by them contracted for the use of that charity, and towards supporting their necessary expences for ouc year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; the sum of ten thousand three hundred and ninety pounds, to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the support of the house of industry, in aid of charitable contribution«, for one year, to the twenty -fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; the sum of one thousand pounds to the Hibernian marine fe-ciety, towards supporting that charity for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; the sum of two thousand pounds to the govern mors of the Hibernian school, for the support of that charity, for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred $ and the sum of four thousand seven hundred and forty pounds, to the Westmorland lock-hospital, towards supporting that charity, far one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That out of aH or any of the aids and supplies afore-foid, there shall and may be kitted and paid to Adam, lord viscount Duncan, a sum of nine hundred and thirteen pounds one shilling and three pence net, being equal So eight hundred and fifty-two pounds one shilling and two-pence British currency, net, to make good the grant of an annuity of one thousand pounds British currency, firom the eleventh day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, being the day on which the said lord viscount Duncan performed the lignal service on the coast of Nolland, in an engagement with the Dutch Beet, to the eighteenth Vol# XIX. Y of

5

A.D.

1799-Chap. 7.

1

86 A.D. , 1799-*Clup. 7. The thirty-ninth Year of George III. of Augtift, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, from whiclrday the£ui annuity is made payable. XXVlf. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids and supplies aforesaid, there shall and m3y be issued and paid to John, earl Saint Vincent, the sum of one thousand six hundred thirty-one pounds seventeen shillings and seven pence net, being equal to one thousand five hundred and six pounds seven shillings Eritiih currency net, to make good the grant of an annuity of one thousand pounds Britishi.currency, from the fourteenth clay of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-sevens being the day on which the said earl Saint Vincent performed the signal ferrice on the co.tft of Portugal, in an engagement with the Spanish fleet, to the eighteenth of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, from which day the said an-*. nuity is mad? payable.

1 .

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the ai ?s or‘supplies aforesaid# there shall and may be iifiicd and paid to :the niniiter and ' church-wardens of the parish of Saint Andrew, in the city of Dublin, the sum of one thousand pound for the purpo'e of assisting them in the building, of the parish church.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued to the commissioners for making wide and convenient streets in the city of Dublin, the sum of four thousand five hundred pounds, towards , 1 enablings them to discharge the interest due on the principal sum for which certificates have been illucd by them for the purchase of grounds and houses for opening the \ avenues on the north fide of the river LIII.y.

XXX. And be -it enacted, That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the uses, intents, and purposes in this a(X mentioned, and al b the payment or compensation heretofore allowed for, or in lieu of the prizage and butleragoof wines, and shall not be issued or applied to any other use# intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XXXI. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for Losses which may have accrued to individuals from treasury bills or debentures having been stolen, burned* or destroyed; be it enacted, That in all cases where it shall appear by affidavit before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, who shall interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon, to the satisfacticm of such baron, that any treasury bills or’debentures have been stolen, loft, burned or destroyed, before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or that there ts good rearon to believe that the fame have been ftolcnrloft, burned or destroyed, the Tefpetlive officers of the: treasury appointed to make forth such treasury bills or debentures, or to pay the same upon producing a -certificate of any of the said ba-I'ons bT such affidavit or affidavits being made before him, which affidavit or affidavits any of the said barons shall take, and which certificate they shall grant without fee, and on security being given to your Majesty your heirs or successors, to the good liking of the said officers, to indemnify them against all other persons for the money specified in such treasury bills or debentures, and with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, make forth duplicates (hereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with the interest which hath accrued on the original treasury bills or debentures so ttolen, loll, burned or destroyed, and such interest as shall accrue in the same manner as they would have paid and discharged the said original treasury bills and debentures, and the interest thereof, if the fame had not bean, ftc 1cm, loft, burned, or,destroyed.

C H A rl

T'hethirtj-tnsith T'ear of George III. 87

A. I),

1799.

CHAP. vm.

An Act for granting for One'Tear the Duties therein mentioned \in Lieu of all other Duties payable Upon the Articles therein specifed during the fat'd , and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Monday the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred' and %nmety~mnet Royal Assent given.

JOHN CATER, D. CLER. PARL.

"XT7E youT Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, having a just fertfeof your royal care of all your fub-\je£ts, and well knowing that the'security and prosperity of this realm depend upon*

the support of your Majesty's government, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and Vuh the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons im this present parliament assembled, and t>y the authority of the same, That'three thousand two hundred and thirty-four men, commissioned and non commissioned officers included, over and above twelve thousand effective men, which are necessary to be maintained within this kingdom for its defence, be maintained for one year, from die thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety--nine, to the first day of April, one thousand eight hundred, indufive.

II. And whereas it is necessary to carry into execution your Majesty's intentions and determined resolution, signified to us by his excellency lord-viscount Townshend, '

hte lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for the necessary defence of the fame, twelve thousand effective rilen, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, at all times, uirfefs in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain: And whereas it may be expedient in the present situation of affairs, that a further number of men not exceeding twenty thousand two hundred and eighty-one men, commissioned and non-com rniflioned officers included, hemamtained for the internal defence of this kingdom, from the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the first -day of April, one thousand eight ‘hundred, so as that the forces on the establishment of this kingdom may amount to thirty-five thousand five hundred and fifteen effe£Uve men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, in order to enable your Majesty to carry the said purposes into execution* and to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government, it will be necessary to grant the several duties herein after mentioned, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, and no longer,-there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and sue-eeflfors, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes mentioned and set fonh in the several (Schedules or tables marked A.B. C, hereunto annexed, which ftnU

Yj b*

881

A.D.

179> Chap. 8.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the same are respectively dcfcished, and set forth in figures in the said schedules or tables marked A.B. C; and that there shall also be granted and paid to your Ma- . jcily, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, upon the federal goods, vearcs, and merchandizes mentioned and set forth in the fcliedule marked D, hereunto also annexed, rot being comprized in the said schedules, A.B. C, and winch. shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the fever a! duties as the same are vefpeclively described and set forth i:i the said schedule or table marked D, and that there shall be also granted, raised, levied, collected and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and fucceiiors during the time aforesaid, upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other.enciofure, containing any powders, pastes, bails, fca!-iams, ointments, oils, waters, wafoes, tinfiures, efTcnces, liquors, or other preparations distinguished by the name of fwcet feents, odours, perfumes, or cofrne-ticks, mixed or unmixed with other materials used or to be used by any person as sweet feents, odours perfumes, or cosmeticks, also upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enciofure, containing any dentifrice powder, tincture, or other' preparation whatsoever for the teeth or gums, and also upon every roll, cake or piece, packet, box, pot, or other enciofure of any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation for the hair, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, over and above such duties as by any of the said schedules hereunto annexed such goods and articles arc made subject to on the importation thereof, the additional rates and duties following, that is to say, upon every of the said articles which shall not exceed the value of eight pence each, a duty of one penny; and upon every of such articles which shall exceed the value of eight pence each, and shall not exceed the value of one shilling, a duty of one penny halfpenny; and upon every of such articles which shall exceed in value one shilling each, and not exceed the value of two shillings and six pence, a duty of three pence; and upon every of fcch articles which shall exceed the value of two shillings and six pence each, and shall be under five shillings each, a duty of six pence; and upon every of such articles which shall be of, or exceed the value of five shillings, a duty at the rate of one shilling for every five shillings of the value thereof; and for and upon every enciofure containing any hair powder, the price whereof shall not exceed two shillings the pound weight, a duty of one penny for every pound, over and above all ©thor duties payable thereon, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity* and that there shall also be granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon tobaccd and upon all other goods, wares, and merchandizes which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, and whereon any duties are imposed this session of parliament, an additional duty after the rate of ten poundsper^centum on the amount of the duties payable thereon respectivel.y, except wines, sugars, teas, hops, and salt, and except goods of the produ£l,or manufacture of the Britishi colonies in America, or the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa; and that there shall be also granted to your Majesty, your heirs and sucessors, during the time aforesaid, upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes which ft . II be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, by any person being a retailer or consumer, in ready money, without any discount or allowance, an additional duty after the rate of six pounds per centum on the duties payable thereon respectively, over and above the full amount of such duties, except sugars; and that there shall be also granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, for and upon every ship, vessel, or other bottom, trading to this kingdom from any country whatsoever, except coasters, and also except coal ships trading to the port of Dublin, a duty of two pence per ton, over and above all other duties noW payable on the tonnage thereof.

0

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

III. And be it enacted, That the respective duties by this m£l imposed on any goods and merchandize imported into this kingdom, shall be paid upon all such articles, which after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be entered on bill of view, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several duties mentioned in the said several schedules A.B. C.D. to be paid on the importation of the ftvcral goods, wares, and merchandizes therein respectively mentioned, into this kingdom j and the amount of the said additional duty of ten pounds per centum on the amount of the said duties, and the several sums of money, and duties of inland ex-cile in the schedule marked G, hereunto annexed, shall from the twenty-fifth day \ of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, thousand eight hundred, and no longer, be respectively paid, in lieu and full satisfadhort of all customs, fubfidice, and duties whatsoever, payable by any person, not being a retailer or consumer, upon the importation of such goodtf, wares,

/ and merchandizes into this kingdom, on which such duties upon importation arc imposed, except the duties payable upon coals, by an att passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth year a of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act passed in the twenty second year of his present Majestys reign % entitled, An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by mahing wide ami convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof and for other purposes s and except the duties payable upon timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of mohogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all -kinds, (laves, bricks, blocks of marble, and all kinds of Rone which shall arrive in any ship or vessel in the port or harbour of Dublin, or in the harbour of Dunleary, by an act passed in the thirty-second year of your- Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for repairing and freserving the walls'of the river Anna Lijfey> in the city of Dublin, and for amending an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious, and of said several duties of excise, by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made, and shall be federally paid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, save that ready money shall not be paid upon the goods the duties upon which are, or shall by law be directed to be bonded.

V. And be it enacted, That in cases where the duties by this act imposed oil . tobacco imported into this kingdom shall be paid, then the sum of two pence halfpenny for every pound weight thereof, and also so much of the produce of the duties arising upon, teas as shall amount to the sum of seven thousand three hundred pounds, shall be deemed in the account to be kept of your Majesty's hereditary revenue as part of your Majesty's hereditary revenue.

VI. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors during the time aforesaid, for and upon every entry inwards which shall be made in the port of Dublin during the time aforesaid, except post entries and entries of coals, and on every entry outwards in the said port, a duty of two shillings and six pence over and above all duties or fees now payable by law or usage for the same.

VII. And for the better ascertaining the price of teas, and of all sugars being of the growth and produce of the East Indies, imported into this kingdom from Great Britain, afccording to which die duties arc imposed thereon, be it enacted, That the price of all teas and all sugars importedx be inserted in the cockets, and that such price be further ascertained by a reference to the sale books of the East India company, copies whereof, or of such parts thereof as shall relate to the teas and sugars so imported, attested by the principal accountant, or deputy accountant for the time being, of the East India company, the commissioners of the revenue are required to procure from time to time for the purpose aforesaid, and which co*

s9

A.D.

1799-Chap. 8.

0

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

pics being verified by affidavit made before the lord mayor of London for the time beinir* and beingattefted by a notary publick at the city of London, shall, without jThnp. ft. further proof either of the said affidavit or of the said copies, be admitted as evidence in all suns commenced or arising upon this act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That upon the exportation of the several goods, wares ;and merchandizes, mentioned in the schedules marked A.B. C.D. the several drawbacks of the said duties shall be paid and allowed as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in figures in the said schedules marked A.B. C.D. and thatlhe whole of the said duties fliairbe drawn back on Cuch of the said goods, wares, and merchandizes as are by the said schedules, or by the tides of the said schedules expressed to be entitled to such whole drawbacks, together with the said additional duty, after the rate of ten pounds per centum on the amount of the said duties, save as to imported herrings and fair, and unless otherwise directed by th:S' act, or by any other act to be parted this session of parliament, provided that such goovls he exported within three years from the importation thereof, and in cases of coaches and chariots, that the fame be exported within twelve months from the importation thereof, and that clue proof be made of the entry of such goods, and of the payment of the duties thereon, anil that all other requisites have been perform-xC 1 which by law are required to be performed for obtaining drawbacks, am* in such case such drawback shall, without any fee or de uftion, be paid by the several coheftors at the ports of exportation, within one month after demand, out of any money arising out of any aids or duties by them collected.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon all . tobacco manufacturei in this kingdom which shall be exported, there shall be allowed, by way of drawback or fompenla-

lion, for the duty by this act charged and paid on import of the leaf tobacco whereof

it was manufactured, and for the excise duty by this act charged thereof, the sum of ten pence for every pound weight of such manufacturee tobacco, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco paid the import ana inland or excise xJuty ma e payable by this act.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no drawback of any duty on any goods, wares, or merchandizes, which shall be exported from this kingdom, shall be paid, ainless the proofs necessary for obtaining such drawback be made, and the crawback claimed within two years from the time of the shipping of such goods for exportation.

XI. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid on the importation into this kingdom of any of the articles specified in any of the said schedules to be duty free, nor upon any woods for dyers use, nor upon any raw or undressed fer.l skins taken by the crews of vessels belonging to and fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, whereof the captain or master, and three-fourths of the mariners at least shall be of your Majesty's subjects, or by persons employed by the inafters or ow ners of such vessels, nor upon any raw silk of the growth or culture of America.

XII. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid during the time aforesaidon any beer or ale brewed within this kingdom.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import and bring into this kingdom, in ships or vessels navigated according to law, from any port or place whatsoever, any sort of cotton wool, without paying any duty whatsoever for the fame, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That a due entry of such cotton wool shall be made in the custom-house belonging to the port where the same shall be imported, in the dame manner and form, and expressing the quantities thereof as heretofore used and practised, and that such goods shall be landed in the presence of the proper officer

3_ appointed

9°

A.D.

I

*1 he thirty-ninth Year of George II. f. g i

appointed for that purpose, otherwise such goods shall be liable to the payment of £)

the fame duties as would have been due and payable for the fame if this act had not j jggm

been made. Chap. 8.

XV. And be it enacted, That the several and respective bounties and allowances mentioned and expressed in the schedule marked F, hereunto annexed, shall be paid upon the exportation of the several manufactures of this kingdom specified in the said schedule, as in the said schedule is mentioned, five as may be otherwise provided by any act passed this session of Parliament an 1 that the respective bounties mentioned in the said schedule, upon bark imported into this kingdom shall also be paid.

XVI. And be it enacted, That such bounties and allowances shall be paid by the collector of the port where such goods shall be shipped for exportation out of any monies in his hands.

XVII. And be it enacted, That for and upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes mentioned in the schedules or tables marked C and E, hereunto annexed, which shall be exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several duties mentioned in figures in the said schedules or tables in lieu and full fa-tisfasson of all subsidies and duties payable on the exportation of such wares and merchandizes from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, and no longer, and upon the foreign spirits in the said schedule hereunto annexed, and marked C, which shall during the time aforesaid be exported from this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, or to any British settlement on the coast of Africa, there shall be paid for every gallon thereof, the duties in the said sche-dulc respectively mentioned.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no subsidy or duty whatsoever shall be payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from the said twenty-fifth day of inarch, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, epon the exportation of any goods or merchandize the produCI or manufacture of this kingdom, pot mentioned in the said schedules marked C and E, except the alnage duties.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no euftom, subsidy or duty whatsoever, shall be payable on the export of logwood of the growth or produce of the British settlements in America or the West Indies, provided the fame be exported in British or Irish shipping, nor upon any lead ore exported to Great Britain.

XX. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the exportation of any flour, or upon any rapeseed oil, made and manufactured in this kingdom, or upon any fifii which shall be cured in this kingdom, and that no duty whatsoever shall be payable on the exportation of gold and Giver bullion, or foreign coin, cut or uncut, to any place whatsoever, except to the British settlements on the coast of Africa, or the British plantations in America or the West Indies; nor shall any entry whatsoever on the exportation of such bullion or coin except to the British settlements on the coast of Africa, or the British plantations in America or the West Indies, be required or demanded for the fame, by any officer of your Majesty's revenue, any law to the contrary notwithstanding, provided that all such goods and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of this kingdom, as may be exported without paying any duty, touching which no special provision is made by any law, may be exported, so that due entry of such goods and merchandizes be first made at the custom-house of the port where the same shall be exported, which entry shall express the quantity and quality of the respective goods so to be exported, and shall be made in albrefpetts in the same manner as was »fed and practised in respect X>f any goods exported before the making of this act,

92

A.D. 171; 9. Chap. 8.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

and so as the fame be shipped by the proper officer for that purpose, and so as that the exporter do Grit make oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation before the customer, comptroller, or other chief officer of such port, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby required and empowered to administer, that such goods are of Irish manufacture or produce, and in default of performing such requisites, or any of them, such goods and merchandizes the produce or manufacture of this kingdom, shall be liable to the payment of duties as if tills act had not been made, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it enacted, That there shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and feccessors, during the time aforesaid, and no longer, upon the several goods, wares, merchandizes, articles, and things mentioned, set forth and described in the schedule marked G, hereunto annexed, the several sums of money, and duties of inland excise, as they arc respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the several licenses mentioned in the said lchedule marked G, on which the respective duties mentioned therein are to be paid, -shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and no longer, favc only as hath been, or shall be by law otherwise directed.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the several rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures enacted by an act passed last session of parliament, entitled. An a cl granting to his Mujtfly the duties therein mentioned upon hides and Jhins tanned, and on hides and Jhins dressed in oil> and upon vellum and parchment, and upon inanu-

failures of leather, for the better fecunng of the duty thereby granted to hi., Majesty on hides and skins tanned, ana dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment made in this kingdom, and for the several other purposes therein mentioned, shall have the fame force and effect in respect of the duties in the said schedule marked G, on hides and skins tanned and dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment made in this kingdom, as if the fame were re* enacted in this act, unless other provisions re-Vpefting the same shall be made by any act or acts to be passed this session of parliament.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted levied, collected, and yaid unto your Majesty, your heirs, and successors, for and upon every barrel of snalt which shall be in the possession of any person on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and which shall have been charged -with a duty of six shillings per barrel, a further duty of six-pence per barrel; and' in order to secure the said duty of six-pence er barrel upon malt, over and above the duty of fix-shillings per barrel, heretofore charged thereon; be it enacted, That the officers of excise of his Majesty's revenue shall take an account of the just quantity of all malt, whether ground or unground, in the pofiession of any person on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and of *11 malt in the pofiession of any person after that day5 on which the said additional duty of six-pence per barrel shall not have been charged, in such manner as they are flow required by law to take an account of any malt, and shall make a return or report in writing to the collector of the district ip which such person shall reside, tnr ip which his or her malt-house or stores shall be, of the just quantity of all such malt, and of the said duty of six-pence payable thereon, over and above the duty of six shillings heretofore pa'yable thereon, and the sums in such return or report shall be a charge on every such person respectively.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every person charged with the said additional Nv jduty, in respect of his or her so having malt in his or her pofiession as aforesaid, shall, within one month from the day on which such return shall be made, pay to

\ the

J

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

93

the collector of tire district all such duties as shall be due from him, her, or them respectively, for and on account of such malt, unless such malt Avail be sooner removed, in which case the said duties shall be paid for all such malt, before the fame Hull beremoved, and before any permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted, and that every person having malt in his or her possession, on the said day, who shall not pay within the time aforesaid the duty charged on all such malt, or' Aiall remove any such malt without having paid and cleared off the said duty, he or Are shall, for each offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and d >ub!e the duty of such malt.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all malt for the r. moval of which from any place in this kingdom, to any other place within the same, cither coastways, or by canal, or land carriage, for which a cost cocket or permit shall have been granted before the said twenty-fifth day of March, and which shall not have arrived at the place of its defoliation, until after the said twenty-fifth day of March, Aiall on its arrival, become charged with the said additional duty cf Gx-pence per barrel, and the officers of excise AialL make a like return or report thereof, in writing, to the collector of the district, and no permit shall be granted for removing the fame until the said duty of the full quantity of malt, for the removal of which a permit shall be required, shall be paid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person who shall lie charged with the said additional duty of six pence per barrel upon all malt which shall be in his or her possession on the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, (haR before the said day have fold, or co:v 'trailed to fell, any malt to any person or persons, and shall not have delivered the lame to die buyer, then and in every such case, the buyer of the said malt shall pay to the feller the additional duty whi.h such feller shall have paid for such mate.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to every person exporting mak out of this kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by this act shall have been paid, a drawback of six shillings and six pence for every barrel thereof, by the cclleftor of the port from w&ich such malt shall be exported, out of any money in his hands-; «r if such nuk shall be exportedNvithin the time allowed by law for the payment of the duties tliercon, then the charge upon such malt shall be vacated for so much as shall be exported upon the person or persons exporting the fame, performing regularly the fame requiGtes, and complying with the fame regulations *l restrictions as are to be made and observed by persons exporting any article whereon any bounties or drawbacks aue payable for obtaining the same.

XX(X. And be it enacted, That all spirits distilled within this kingdom which shall be shipped for exportation, and for which any allowance or drawback shall be claimed, shall be of a strength not less than a strength equal to five degrees, or ten fer'centum under hydrometer proof, and the person or persons who shall export the same to any place except Great Britain, or the islands of Furro or Ferro, in the herein after directed, shall be entitled to, and shall receive two shillings and fix peace halfpenny for every gallon of such spirits, and of such degree of strength, so to be exported, as and for a drawback of the whole excise paid for the same^which shall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given on such export, any act or acts to die contrary notwithstanding.

XX >L And be it enacted, That if the spirits or brandies so to be exported shall be of a greater strength than of five degrees under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a. (uxther drawback after die rate of three-pence farthing per gallon, over and above the fimuof two shillings and fi«-pence halfpenny for every four degrees which the same shall exceed the strength before' mentioned, and so in proportion for any greater or less <qu ant ity.

Vol. XIX A a , XXXI. And

A.D.

1799-Chap. 8.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

XXXI. Provided always That no drawback on any* one gallon of spirits or brandies, shall exceed in the whole the sum of three shillings and seven-

Chap. 8, Pence*

XXXII. And be it enacted, That over and above the said drawback on :dl spirits diddled within this kingdom, and which shall be shipped for exportation, there shall be allowed and paid to the person or persons exporting spirits made and distilled from malt made of corn of the growth or produce of this kingdom, when the price of barley ascertained in the manner specified in an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An aB fort regulating the corn tnidc, promoting agriculture, and providing a regular and Jleady supply of corn in this kingdom^ and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successorsy the duties therein mentioned, shall not exceed thirteen shillings and six-pence the barrel, a bounty of four-pence for every gallon of such spirits, out of such monies as are liable to the payment of the bounties on corn exported, ana by the same rules an ! regulations, and subject to the fame securities, exceptions, restrictions, pe-' unities, and forfeitures, as are enacted with respect to the bounties on corn exporte

xxxur. And be it enacted, That nothing in this z.ft contained shall extend to repeal or alter the duties upon spirits, or drong waters, payable by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending three several acts, one pafia in the reign cj his late Majesty king George the second, and the other two in his present AlajtJlyj reign, for making the river Lagan navigable, and opening a communication by water between Loughneagh and the town of Belfajlt and for enabling the cpwmijjio tiers J herein named to raise money by alignment of said duties y for the more expeditious and effectual carrying on said %vorky not to elFcft any drawback of the said duties theteby allowed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the duties imposed by this act on all foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, and the duty on all aqua viteey spirits, and (trong waters made and diddled in this kingdom; and the duties by this act imposed on malt, and the duties by this act imposed on sugars and tobacco imported and nufafturecl, shall be applied to the payment of the intered of the several principal sums due, or to be due on debentures and treasury bills issued, or to-be jffued, and to the payment of the intered cf such of the said debentures as have, or shall have been converted into dock transferable at the bank of Ireland, and to the payment of ;the intered of the sums borrowed, or to be borrowed in England, and made dock transferable at the bank of England, and to the payment of the intered and charges 1 of the several sums paid, and which shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and to the payment of the life and other annuities, as directed by any act or acts of parliament passed during this session.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That so much of the duties by th:s aft imposed on raw and untanned hides exported, and on linseed oil, chocolate, and, cocoa nuts imported, as shall remain after deducting the hereditary duties thereon, shall be paid’ and issued by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, to the trudecs for encouraging the linen and hempen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied towards encouraging the raising of (lax iced in this kingdom.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all duties paid to, and all sums granted to the :trustees of the linen andhempem manufactures il all be.exempted from the payment . of all fees, and that all issues made from your jesty's treasury for the regimental

pay of, and allowances to your Majesty’s. regular and militia forces, a«d for defraying the charge of the several dill rift corps in this kingdom, shall be exempted from the fees of pells and poundage, and hospital fees*

94 A.D.

>799-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

95

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the several films granted by this act, or any other act of parliament, now of force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the railing of sufficient quantities of flax-fee i and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen manufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, shall be applied to such purposes only, and no other, and that a Separate and distinct account shall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof, and to be laid before parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all monies to arise from the said duty of two shillings and six-pence upon every entry inwards and outwards in the port of Dublin, except as aforesaid, (halt be received by the collector of the said port, who is hereby authorized to demand and receive the same, and by him paid at the receipt of, his Majesty's exchequer, and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being shall cause six pence of the said duty of two shillings and lix-pence to bt paid to the trustees of the royal exchange, in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards keeping the fame in repair, and towards the discharge of the wages of servants employed therein, and the residue of the said duty to the corporation for erecting buildings for commercial purposes, to be by them applied towards discharge of the interest of such monies as have been borrowed, or shall be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole thirteen thousand pounds, for erecting and finishing the said buildings, and towards discharge of the principal, and to and for no other purpose, to be accounted for before the commissioners of impress accounts.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That nocambricks or lawns whatsoever, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, nor any gold or silver lace, except of the manufa’fture of Great Britain,'shall be imported into this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambricks, and lawns, and treble the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XL. And be it enacted, That all and every the duties, rates, impositions, and taxes, by this act, or by any other act or aft6 passed, or to be parted in this session of parliament, and not hereby, or by any such afts respectively appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular use or uses, purpose or purposes, shall be c irried to, nd be part of - the fund called the consolidated fund, and that the six pence.per pound, and all other fees which shall or may be payable t j the lord high treafuTer, er commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, clerk of the pells, or any other officers of the treasury, upon issuing, or payment of any tumor sums of money, out of the said consolidated fund, shall be carried to the said consolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for accordingly.

XLI. And be it enacted, That neither the six-pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by any officer or officers of the treasury of this kingdom, for or on account of the issuing, or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by or which shall be received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, and appropriated to the payment of the said interest and annuities.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, and not otherwise hereby specially provided for, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment, by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules, directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, answering, collecting, and paying of duties, and suing

A a 2 for

A.D. 1799. Chap. 8.

96 The thirty-ninth Year George III.

A.D.

for muI recovering forfeitures in and by an act made in this kingdom in the four-I7gy# teenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, en-Chap. 8. titled, An aFt fir the settling of the excise or n#w impofi upon his Mafify, his heirs and successors) according to the book cf rates therein irferted, or by any law of force relating to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, aw fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, txprclfed, and enabled by thU aft, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws, now of force relating to the duties of ^excise is provided.

XLFI. And be it enacted, That the several duties mentioned in the said schedule G, hereunto annexed, to be paid by persona hawking about trees, shrubs, and plants for sale, within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof, and by aid persons felling orexpoling to fide within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any (land, stall, shed, booth, or other place, not being a part of lii% ov her dwelling-house, any new or old books, maps, prints, pampldets, charts, or drawings, and by all persons who shall sell or expose to falc within the said city,-or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers thereof; and iby all persona who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes, in any stall, died, booth. Atop, or any other place; and by every petTou carrying on the business of a pawn-broker within the said city, or five miles thereof, for every . house in which said business shall be carried 00, by every person selling spirits by retail within the said city of Dublin, or within five miles of the didrift of the metropolis, shall be levied by such persona, by such ways and means, am! under fuChipc-ualties, rules, and directions, powers and authorities, as are enacted by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for more effectually preserving the peace tvitbin the city of Dublin and the district of the metropolis, and efab~ lifting a parochial watch in the said city, as fully* to all intents and purposes, a* if the several provisions therein contained for collecting and enforcing the payment of the several duties therein mentioned, were re-enacted in ths aft, unless the fame be otherwise provided for by parliament.

’XLIV. And be it enacted, That upon the exportation of any wines in ftips.be-" longing to his Majesty's navy, for the life of such ships, ami for no other puepose, the whole duty paid upon the import of such wines shall be drawn back, provided that such wines be so exported within three yearsTrom the importation thereof, and that the like requisites be performed for obtaining such drawback as are necessary for obtaining other drawbacks allowed by this act, provided that fuclv wine so exported, stall not exceed the quantity to be limited for the itfe of such ships, according to the rate of the fame, as stall be limited by his excellency the fori lieutenant and.council.

Scheduler.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

A SCHEDULED the Net Duties payable on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein enumerated, whether imported directly from Great Britain, or from other Countries; which Duties so paid are upon due Exportation thereof within Three Years after Import wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the British Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Schedule A.|From Gr< j British. sat Britain Foreign. j From other|Countries.

INWARDS. £. s. d. £ * j-£- ' '

Adzes for coopers, the dozen, — 1 5 — 2 10* — 3 °Z

Aggets, small as a bean, the hundred dozen — i 6i - 3 4 — 3

Oj H — — ii

The hundred weight, containing 11 albs. JL

Jj J , if for dyers use, free.

(Vide allum in drugs, (roach or romish)

Alphabets, the set, containing twenty-four 6i — ' I- 2* - 37

Amber, the pound - — <5x 8

- Beads the pound , o JL ~ 4 8 — 5

Anchovies, the little barrel, containing sixteen '

pounds of fish - — — i 8;- — in

Annotto, the pound — 2 J 2±

——, if for dyers use, free.

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing Ji2lbs. I

Apples, the bushel - - I. 31 3?

dried or pears, the barrel — I 2| - 2 47 — 2 6\

Argal, white or red, or powder, the H2lbs. . — — 28 — 3 Ti

——, if for dyers use, free.

AChes, vocat. pot iflies, wood or soap afnes, free.9

I

the thirty'fimJ^Ver ojT George III. A.D. 1799. Schedule A. \ From Great Britain. British.|Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. INWARDS. £ d. £ d.

Awl blades, *riie thousand - - Ill -

- Hafts,*the groce9- 1 Si — T

Aulgurs, for carpenters, the groce — I 3* — 4 -9— s ®1

Axes, or hatchets, fhc- dozen — — — FO — 1 61 — 19

fBabies, or puppets, for chirdren, the groce, con-'.tabling twelve dozen V — I 6j. " 3 H — 3 4i

'Backs for chimnies, vide iron. Bacon, of England or Wales, the flitch - ~ .75'

x —i—, all foreign bacon and hams, the hundred weight, containing 11 libs. — 6 it| — 7 Sl

CO It j \ 3 4 Tennis balls, tlienhoufarid — 4 Ti — 8 81 —9-5l

« >1

iBanda of iron r for kettles, the hundredweight, containing i i alb. — 8a — ia9— »3

'Bandftrings, die dozen knot* — 4 »i — 5 n - 5 5

i Barilla, free as aflics.

Bark, from England^ for every ten barrels II ——

-—Tt from all other countries, free.

Basket rods, three Feet about at the band, the bundle - - — for roi — 1

x Baflcets, vocat. hand balkets, or sports, the dozen — a 10' IT

'Bast ropes, the hundred wt. containing I izlb. — i — — 1 — — 1 ij

4 r knotted, the dozen* — IO — 1 — ‘9

tBafts, or draw hats,

JL plain, the dozen — /Battery baThrones, or kettles, the 11 zlb. ai — i.7 .31 4i 1 18 ij } 1 a 1 74-

Amber, vide amber. Bone, the great grocc, containing twelve small groce - —' - f — 3 51 ' — 6ill — 7 61

» Box, the great groce - 3 Ji — 6 ni — 76}

4 (Vi ‘ Crystal, the thousand — < — — 70 — 13 11J — '5 °1

S 1 , Coral, the pound - - — <2 nk — -5 — 5 7

Glass and wood of all forts, the great groce — t — a 41 — 37

Glass, the small groce, containing twelve Si- M — 10

dickers -^Jasper, square, the hundred (tones - - 4 K — S 3 — 10 1

Beer, ale, and porter, for every 3 a gallons — 6 1 ;’e -

Beer, vocat. spruce beer, the gallon 2} -51 H

11 metal, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb. — 3 »®i — 3 *oi ' -47

Bellows, the pair -31 51: 51

Pipes, the grooc — - 7 ‘ - a 4t -48 - S Oi Clapper

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 'Schedule A.

I n w A jR fl

/Clapper bells, the pound

S.

53

P9

Dog bells, the great grocc, containing 144 dozen

Slades for

Horse bells, the small groce, containing 12 L dozen --

Billhooks, the dozen - v

Bits for bridles, the dozen -

Bhckening, or lamp-*black, the H2lb.

{Foils, the dozen

Knives and forks, the grooc

Razors, the dozen

Swords, coarse, the dozen

r Paris mantles, coloured, the mantle Blankets, \ /

cocat. / Paris mantles, or others, uncoloured, L the mantle

BoiTes for bridles, the fmadl groce, containing 12 dozen -

Books unbound, the pound weight, avoirdu-rpois

£ r of glass, full or empty, the dozen quarts

3 \----- being vitriol bottles, each

w \ of (tone, the dozen

Bows, vocat. Hone bows of steel, the piece x -

Bows (laves, the 120 (laves

——, in foreign ships *-

Fire, or tinder boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen boxes

Ned boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Pepper boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen

I

r*

*3

Sand boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Soap boxes, die shock, containing three score boxes -

Spice boxes, the dozen

Tobacco boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

"Lamps, the dozen -

Laver cocks; the pound

Old, or (hniff, the hundred weight, contain-J ing 112 lb<

- Piles weight, the pound

Scales and weights, the dozen pair -

Trumpets, the dozes

U Bb 2

From Gre British. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

- d. c i. r. d.

- *i — at — — 3i

- 1 Si — 3 3i 3 7

- 1 2i — 2 Ai — 2

- 1 Si 29— 3 Of

- 1 n — 2 4i — 2 6i

—93? —93i 1*0

- "i — t oi t

- 1 — 3 — 3 Hi

- ’i 5* — 1 6i

1 Si ——

- 3 \ — 3 oi 3 €

- 2 4i — 2 7t9

- 1 ai 2 4* — X 7

- ' a| - n

' — — 11 -

- ai -

a* — 1 11 . — 2 n

- 1 23 — 2 Ai 2 1

—93i93* — IO IO

- *3 lit

- 1 *i — 3 ii — 3 4i

- 4 —93 — 12

- I93 6 / — 39

t — 3 >i. — 3 4t

- 3 ni 3 — 6 *i

- Si — — 11 — 1

k mmmm 1 — 4 2i — 4. 7

- 1 — 2 4i — 2 7

- a — 4 — — 4j

- 6 Ili — 6 Hi — 8 2

- n — — 3

- 4} — — 10 — 11

1 2 t* 3 > T:t

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

<2

Jt

o

INWARDS,

The thousand brick flenes

Flanders tiles, to fcouT with, the thousand -

Galley tiles, the foot (fix to the foot)

Pan tiles, the thousand -

Paving tiles, the thousand -

Brimstone, the hundred wt. containing ! I2lb.

Bridles, rough or undTed, the dpzen pounds

- , of Muscovy, in foreign ships -

- , dressed, the dozen pounds

of Muscovy, in foreign ships

Broaches of latten or copper, the groce, containing twelve dozen

'Beard brushes, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Comb brushes, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Head brushes, the dozen.

Rubbing brushes, the dozen

Weavers brushes, the dozen

coarse, the dozen

fine, or head brushes, the dozen

<6

a

of hair, vocat.

of heath.

' called rubbing-brushes, the dozen

Brushes for hats and clothes, the dozen

Buckles, for girdles, the small groce, containing twelve dozen

- , for girths, the groce, containing twelve

dozen -

r Great, the pound

Bugles,

C Small, or feed bugle, the pound

Bullion, in coin, bars, or plates, free.

Burrs for mill-dones, the hundred, containing five score

Copper or latten, the great groce, containing twelve small groce, every groce twelve dozen

Glass, the great groce, containing twelve small groce

Hair, the gToce, containing twelve dpzen

Handkerchiefs, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Silk, the great groce, containing twelve small groce -

Thread, the great groce, containing twelve

small groce

C

O

G

cq

Firom Grfei British. it Britain* Fc eign. From oihe* Countries

t. d. £ £. /. J.

- J 41 — 3 1*5 - 4

- 74 — 7 ><4

I. a*

- ii 61 — «7 4 - 18 4

- io 8f — 15 O* — 15 *°i

- i 3* — 1 35 1 4i

n. n — —9

- i 3i — 1 3? — 1 5i

- » — 110

- 5* — 210 — 3 «i

IO — 6} — 19

- I <Sj — 3 >i — 3 41

- 1 o — 1 61 - 19

- 4 4i

- 7 8i

- 4i: 8i — — 10

IO — i — V

ii 3

- n — 1 21 — 3t

41 - 4 pi " S

- II — 19 — 1 11

Si 11 — 1 0

- IO - ‘ <Sl — t

- 5 n — S 31 — 63

- 3 Ii — 6 3 — 6 8i

- I 61 - 3 »i; —

4i 71

- 3 — 82 — 8 ioi

1 CO I. — 6 11k — 74

- I ai — 4* — 27 Cable*,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Cables tarred or untarred, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb

Caddas, or crewel riband, the dozen pieces, every piece containing thirty-six yards

rPer yard

And if mixed with silk (except the Caffoy, manufacture of Great Britain,

China, Persia, or the East Indies,) for every pound weight

Callicoes, printed, painted or stained, per yard

- white, foreign, per yard

rHalf silk, half hair, the yard

And, (excepting the manufacture Camtletto*s of Great Britain, China, Persia, or the East Indies,) for every pound weight

Canary feeds, or AJphifti, the hundred weight, containing M2lb.

Candle plates or wallers, of brass or lattcn, the pound -

Candles of tallow, the pound -

Candlesticks, of brass or latten, the pound

Candlewick, the hundred wt. containing 112lb.

_ r for manufacturers use, free.

Canes \

L wood, the dozen

Capers, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

Cap hooks, or hook ends, the groce, containing twelve dozen pair

Caps of woollen, the dozen

Playing cards, the groce, containing twelve e i dozen pair (or packs)

3 j Wool cards, old, the dozen pair

l3 ' — new, the dozen pair

fOf Great Britain, the square yard "Short, the piece "I J Turkey - Turkey, in foreign ships

f I

g4 Venice

From Great Britain, j From other

Long, containing four yards and upwards, the piece

- , Turkey, in foreign ships

r rS ingle, the groce, containing

I for j twelve dozen

<5 j Combs, j Double, the groce, containing

U j L twelve dozen

' with wooden combs, gamiflied, the dozen

C c

British. Foreign. Cuunn i?s.

£. /. d. jT. s. d.

9i — 2 3l \ — »3 21 1

- 3 51 — 6ni — 7

- i - St — I 8

- 4 »2 41 412 48

- I — 4 ©i

- 4 °3 —

- Mi; — 2

- 4 *2 41 4 *2 41

- 8* — 8 8i — 10 il

2i 4 41

I I

ai 5 si

—93i —93? ~ 9i

1 1 V. — it — ‘ A

- 6 — 71 — 139

- i 61 — 3 - 3

~ Jl - 4 71 — S «F

t6 tg 17 8 io§ 17 10 si

81 8i — — 91

- I i* — 1 11 — 1 41

2i —

- 39 — 4 41

—_S 6

- 1 621 — 19 3

- 1 5 SI

- 2 4l - 4 81 - S of

- 4 K -93 — to 1

- 2 41 - 4 81 / - S 0* Cafe?

i.c4

A.D. 1799.

Chap. 8.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. Schedule A.

1 n w A r d s.

tv:* small Ivory combs, garnished, the dozen

with middle fort ivory combs, garnished, the dozen -

with large ivory combs, garnished, the dozen -

J

£ I for needles, or pin cifes,^ tire groce, containing twelve dozen

the groce, ungilt, containing

1

for twelve dozen

Chains

in!>l

Chamlcts, 4

fpc£t actes j the groce, gilt, containing twelve dozen

Catlings, harp firings, and luteflrings, the groce,

containing twelve dozen

Caveare, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb. -

Cauldrons, or pans, iron, the hundred weight

Chafing Cof brass or lattcn, the pound

dishes, ( of iron, the dozen

' for dogs, coarse, the dozen

for keys or purses, fine, the dozen

Chairs of walnut tree, the piece

Punwatered, or mohair, the yard

watered, the yard

half silk, half hair, the yard ' -

And for every lb. weight, if made of, or mixed with silk, (except the manufacture of Great Britain, 'China, Persia, or the liafl L Indies,)

Chariots, with or without the appurtenances, each -

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing iialb. — — 5

{Boards, the dozen - - — 24!

Men, the groce, containing twelve

dozen - - 'I JJ

pfim'll, three quarters of a yard long, or middle fort, one yard long, the piece - io ji

Large, one yard and quarter long, the L piece - - — 16 n\

Chiflels for joiners, t’ e dozen - Si

Chocolate, the pound - 7

Ciftems of lattcn, the pound - 2

Claricords, the pair - - — I 61

Clay called fire clay, and finul, free.

From Great Britain. From othe:

British. Foreign. Countries.

£ i. £ /. d. 1. d.

- 3 I — 6 3' 6 a

- 4 8 —93 — 10 1

—93 — 18 6 1 — 1

- 1 6\ .— 3 H — 3 41

- 1 6* — 3 O — 3 4l

- 3 I ‘T — 6 n — On CO fl*

- si — — 10

- 2 4} — 4 8 — $ ®!

- 2 4? — 4 8 5 ®i-

- 2 — — 31 — — 41

- 1 6i — 3 u — 3 4i

- 5* — — 10 — — 11

- 11 — 1 10 2

- 1 *5 — 1 — 4r

- 4t — — 4i — — Ji

- 71 — — 71 — - 81

- 1 H — 1 — 4|

4 12 4|

ii r

Chests

of

Iron,

!- I 2d

- 4 8

!— 2 10

1 2 —

1 12 4i

- n

- 1 o i

- 4

- 3 *aL

4 12 4i

- 31

- 5 81

- 3 ®|

1 3.11

i 14 11

- 11

;-----4;

Coaches

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain.|Britlih. j Foiei^n. |From other Countries.

INWARDS. Coaches and berlins with or without the appur-tenance:, each - - £ ' d-!3 4 —

Coals, the ton - - Cochineal, all forts free. Coffee, of any other than JBritish plantation produce, for every pound weight thereof — of the British plantations, vide Schedule C. Notet upon paying down 3s. 6d. for every hundred weight, and je curing the remainder of duty, coffee may he warehoused in like manner, and under the fame regulations as tobacco Q\ r> 1 1 1 1 -I<» -l-t c. 1 1 1 1

r Figures and letters, the grocc 8j — 1 5» — 19

’ (. Handles, plates, squares, the groce — — 7s — 1 2* —3

"of bone, the pound 51 II — 1 —

of box, the groce, containing twelve dozen ~ I T 2 4i — 2 6$

of horn, for barbers, the dozen — —Si Si 6*

f. called horse-combs, the dozen s* — — 11 — 1 —,

B A a of ivory, the pound vocat lightwood combs, the groce, con- — I — 2 4i — a '61

taining twelve dozen - % 10 — 1 — *9

for wool, the pair, old or new 4} 41 - S*

Comfits, the pound rof iron for carpenters, the do- 3s 5i — — 6‘j

Compasses, < zen 2} Si H

C for ships, the dozen Copper, unwrought, the hundred weight, con- 11 — 19— in

taining ii2lb. - — Kettles, vide battery. Copperas, free if for dyers use. — , white and blue, vide drugs. Cordage, or ropes tarred or untarred, the hun- — s n — S 2] — 6

dred weight, containing 11 alb. — H — *9- 13

Corks, ready made, the groce 4 71 — —71

Cork, the hundred weight, containing H2lb. — — IJ 2i — 13 4*

Cork f lrou> thousand 10 — I 6l

£ of steel, the thousand — 3 ios , 1 CO — 8 4 -

Counters of brass or latten, the pound Crewel ribband, vide caddas. 2? 3 r — — 3*

Curry combs, the dozen — i is — 2 13 — 3f

Cuttle-bones, the thousand — 3 - 6 3 — 6 8s-

Cyder or perry, the ton C C 2 t 2 — 1 4 3' r 4 3‘ Digger

IC3

A.D.

‘799-

Chap. 8.

C.

-104 A.D.

*thi thirty-ninth Year of George III.

-Schedule A.

*/y, Chap. 8. INWARD S. £. s. d.' H M I'

Dagger blades, the dozen ~ 3 - 6 3 — 6 8*

Dimity plain, the square yard a -

Dog couples, the dozen ... A'j — n 71

rthe yard, coming from

-5_\ England, "i __

§ Old drapery, < 4 4 '

> /from any other parts, the

7 £ yard - i a 11

Jl <4 r from England the yard - - - 2.'-_«... 1

C o New drapery, < from any other parts, the

L yard ~ *1

All manufactures made of ivool which are milled in

the tuck-mill, or other machine, whether twilled

or plain, as coatings, cajfimersy kerfeys, drug

gets, German serges, ratteens, and such like, by

whatever particular name, /70U/ denominated,

or hereafter to he denominated^ shall fall under

the description of% and pay duty as old drapery.

f Acacia, the pound — - I 2* — x gi

Acorus, the pound___31 3i

- ' r Album, the pound Adiantum, > — — — 2? 2|

(Nigrum, the pound - 2 — — a

\ rough or untrimmed, the pound Agaric us, > i or Agaric, trimmed, or pared, " " — — I — 1 3i

3 the pound — — 4 8 1 O H

—free if for dyers use.

Agnus callus feeds, the pound - - 3* — —31

C Confcdiio, the ounce - 6i — i oj' — 1

Alchermes. s . a

( Syrup, the pound 91 — 1 6i — *9

«* o o Alkanet roots, the pound — 3*. 3c

2 4 Allum, romish, or roach, the hundred wt.

A an to containing i i alb. — 4v*i - 6 7* — 6 11|

5 -f* ——, free if for dyers use. 1

Almiet or orcant, the pound — *1

Almonds, bitter, xhe hundred weight, containing i i alb. — 10 1 — 10 rt

f Cicotrina, the pound A InM. ? — -11} — 3*

CEpatica, the pound —

AJumon plume, the pound — 3 3

Ambergreare, black or grey, the ounce

Troy - - .1* 0 1 - *7 3) — 18 6i

Axneos feeds, the pound a? a*

Amomi feeds, (he pound a*

Anacardium, the pound - ~ mm mmm — — ti -

Angelica, the pound — — a 3* — 3*

Aatixno-

From Great Britain. British.|Foreign.

From other Countries.

Drug*,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grei British. ttt Britain. I Foreign. Prom other Countries,

INWARDS. £. /- d. £. s. \ Q if.-

T crudum, the hundred wt.

\ containing 112lh. - y 7i - 6 oj

Antimonium - free if for dyers use. ^pneparatum or ftibium, the pound — a — n 3

Argentum sublime, or linum, or quick-

silver, the pound 6i ioi nj

Aristolochia, longa, et rotunda, the pound — — — 3* 4

Arfenick, white or yellow, or rofalger^ the pound > - . m j % li

——, free if for dyers use.

Afpalathys, the pound -

Aflafcetida, the pound — — — 4 4!

Aflarum roots, the pound — — — 3* 3

Auripigmentum, vide orpiment.

Balauftium, the pound - 8* 1 i \

f artificial, the pound Balfcmura, i , — n ni — I oi

C natural, the pound — - d 41 - 5 7l

'Barley, hulled, or French barley, the 11 alb. — 3 Si — 5 pi — 5a

i —, in foreign ships — 5 to}

B ay berries, the it ilb. ' — 3 I0i — 4 }i

Bdellium, the pound - — n

Ben album, or rubrum, the pound - — ' 5* 5

Benjamin, of all fort*, the pound — - t il — 3*

or the East Indies, the ounce Bezoar j Tro7 mm mm mm — 14 5i -

Stone 1 of the West Indies, the ounce Troy - - mm mrn mm — a x| — a 4|

Black lead, the 11 alb. — - t n - 7 J

Blatta bizantia, the pound - 7 — t§

r communis, or armonicus, the Bolu* < hundred wt. containing 11 alb. Hi — *i — X Hi

Cverus, or fine bole, the pound — — a a*

/ unrefined, or tincal, the pound — 8* 9i

Borage < — , freer if for dyers use,

I refined, the pound - a 7i — U lO|

Bunkins holywortles, ox piftolochia, the pound r - 6 c\

Calamus, the pound - a a

Cambogium, or gutta gambit, the pound — Hi — I si

I Cjunphire, refined, the pound - — I I. -71 — 19

- ie — — ii

l_Canari oculut, she pound — n - 1 1 — x a*

Tot. XIX.d Cantha-

I05

A.D.

799-Chap. 8.

1

10 6 A.D. 1799. The thirty-ninth Year Schedule . A. o/Gto) From Grc British. rge.III. ;at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap^lL 1 N W A R D s. £ ' d. £. x. £. s. d.

( Xantharides, the pound - y— — 31 - 1 51

Caraway feeds, the 11 alb. — ,2 2 — 4 Mi — 55

Cardamomes, the pound — 10 10,

Carlina, the pound - '— 3 73l

Carolina , the pound - ii U

Carpo halfami, the pound

Carrabc, or fuccinum, the pound 31 Ai

Carthamus feeds, the pound - # — — — ——...2 -2'i

Cassia, fistula, of all forts, the pound — 4 4t

Lignca, the pound — 5 ~ - Si

Caftoreum, or beaver cods, the pound — — 4 — 43

Cerufla, the H2lb. — — . S 21 — 55

Cetrach, the pound — 31 31

China roots, the pound — — 1 7 — 71

Crystal, in broken pieces for physical lifes, the pound — — 7? HI — »i

Ciceres, white and red, the pound — il — — 2

\ . Cinabrium, or vermillion* the pound 9i — — 11

Ciperus, longus ct rotundus, the 112lb. — — 10 1 — 11 8{

+~» a 1 . Cetrago, the pound — 2 j 3

! O|Civet, the ounce troy - 11 6j — >2 -41

W fcC 3 v*; Coculus, , Indiae, the pound — Si

Q Coloquintida, the pound — 6i 61

Copperas, white, the 112lb. — — 12 4i - *3

11 alb. -, blue, of Danfk or Hungary, the — .4 21 - 4 6

r" Coral, r red or white, in fragments, for j physical uses, the pound —. — IO

C whole, the pound Coriander feeds, the 11 alb. — — — 4 71 — 4 — 501 — 5 3l

1 Cortex, fCaperum, the pound Guaici, the H2lb. Mandragorae, the pound — 31 ~ 15 I°T — — 51 A — 16 Hi 6

Tamarifci, the pound — 21 2

Coflus, d JWmteranus, the pound tulcis, and amarus, the pound Ill 31 ‘ si 31 6

Cubebs, thej50und — — — 4, 4!

Cummin seeds, the 11 alb. — —9.n - 10 31

Cufcuta, the pound — .21 3*

Cyclamen roots, or panis porcinus, the pound - 6 - 61

Cyprus nuts, the pound (vide nux cuprefli) -.1 1 2 - 2l II

Dauoie

Drugs, vocat,

The thirty-ninth If ear of George < III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Daucus creticus, the pound Diagredium, or fcamony, the pound Diptamus leaves, the pound -----1 roots, the pound

Doronicum, the pound

Elleborus, albus et niger, the pound

Epithemum, the pound -

Es uftum, the pound

Euphorbium, the pound

Fennel feeds, the pound

Fenugreek, the 112lb. -

Flory, the pound

Flowers, vide leaves. -

Folium Indian, the pound

Fox lungs, the pound -

Frankincense,of France, parrofin, the I I2lb.

Galanga, the pound

Galbanum, the pound -

General, the pound

Gentiana, the pound

Glauber salts, the pound

Guinea pepper, the pound

Grains of Guinea, or French grains, the 11 alb. (vide grains.)

Grana, pinae, the pound

- , Tinftorum, the pound

Green ginger, the pound

Gum, animi, the pound

- arabic, or gum feneca, the hundred

wt. containing 112lb.

- , Armoniack, the pound

- Caramen, the pound

- , Carannae, the pound

- , Elemi, the pound

- , Guiaci, the pound

- , Hederae, the pound

- , Junipcri, or fandracha, the i islb

- , Lack, the pound

- , Opoponax, the pound

From Great Britain.

British.

£- d-

- n

Foreign.

£. x. d.

- iii

- , Sandrachi, or gum juniper!,

fandrachi.

Sarcocol, the pound

vide

loi

- 7}

- S

- n

- 2k

- M

- 5

- 2

- 2

6 0*

- 7i

1 3

- 8i

3 53

- S

- 6

- 4t

- ii

- 2k

- 3i

7

- 3

- Si

1 <5{

- 4i

6 Iii

- 3* 4

1 10j

- S

1 3?

- 11

92

- 3i

1 6k

- Si

i°7

From other A.D. Countries 1799.

Chap. 8.

jr. s.i.

-H

- 5 3i

- 8i

- Si

- 2

- 4*

- 5i

- H

- 2

6 7l

- n

1 4i

- n 39

- si

- 6i

- Si

- 2k

- 3i

8 7i

- 3l

- 5*

1 6i

- Si

7 6k

~ 3i

- 4i

1 11

- Si

9«i

- 4

71

- Si Com

Schedule A.

1

S3

2 Q

Horns of harts 1 or flags. 1

I N WARD S.

f Gum Seneca, vide gum arabic.

- , Serapinum, or fagapenum, the pound

- , Tacamahaccx, the pound

- Tragagant, the pound

—, Tin£lorum, vide grana tinftorum.

Gutta gambx, vide cambogium.

Hermoda£lilus, the pound

Holywortles, vide bunkins.

the hundred, containing five score

the 12 alb.

Hypociftis, the pound

Jallap, the pound

Incense, or olibanum, vide olibanum.

Ireos (orris), the 112lb.

Ifinglass, the ualb. free, if for dyers use.

Jujubes, the pound -

Juniper berries, free.

Lapdanum, or lapodonum, the pound -

Lapis calaminaris, the 112lb.

——, Contra-yerva, the ounce -

—, Hematitis, the pound

—, Judaicus, the pound

—, Lazuli, the pound

- , Tulioe, the pound

Leaves of roses, the pound

—, of violets or flowers, the pound

Lentils, the pound

pAloes, the pound

Lignum, J Asphaltum, the pound

LNcphrhicum, the pound

Lignum, rhodium, the ii2lb.

—, Vitx, free.

1

- 5

Li mum, vide argentum sublime.

T., f of gold, the i ialb. Litharge, )

Lof silver, the nalb.

Locusts, the pound -

Lupines, the ii2lb.

Lyntifcus, or xylobalfamum, the pouad

Marh'er roots, or rubea tinftorum, the pound

if for dyers use, free.

British.

9k

l S 105

- I|r

- I|

;e 'III. :at Britain ‘ Foreign. From other Countries.

£. /. d.

3 r

I IO? — 1 11‘

3i j 3i / r

- 5 ;*r — — 61 — S 9l

- 5 9i — 5 9l

6*

- 1 — 1 3i

- 15 7i — 16 7*

a 5 a a 4*

2* 3?

4 41-

- 5 — 5 5

- 1 3 — 45

4* S

3* 4

- 2 6 — *'?

31 — — 4

3* 3*

- n 3

- 1 — — 1

- a io± — 3 1*

3* 4

11

C. 1 T 49

- 4 i«i — s n

- 4 — 4

4 4

-3 1* — 3 35

4* J5

3i 31

Maw,

vocnt,

3

The thirty-ninth Year George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. From other Bririih.|Foreign, j Countries.

I . N W A R D s. r. ,. i £ r. £-: ' d-

’'Manna the pound9' — — IO

Marmalade, thp pound 2* — — 3 4

\ Red, the pound Maflick, C White, the pound - V . 31 ' ioj - 4 ii~

Mechoachan, the pound 8 - - — n

r precipitate, the pound Mercury, , L sublimate, the pound ni - 11 - 19n| — 1 10 - 1 OJ

solis, the pound 1 3i

r dried, the pound MirabolaneS) < L condited, the pound — 2| 4i 3:- 5

Myrtle berries, the pound — 2|_A 2

Mithridate Venecia?, the pourd — — 2 6\ — 2 8}

Mummia, the pound_4 41

Mu Hi, the ounce Troy - -. 1— — — — 10 5 — II 2±

Mask , cods, " the dozen J and [the ounce - - — i— — $ — 1 2! - 7 n — 1 2i

Myrrhe, the pound — — — 819

Nardus celtica, or fpica romana, the 112lb. — 112 4t 1 14

Nigella, the pound - - — 2 2*

Nitrum, the pound - «* — ‘51 - — 6*

"De benne, the pound — 3* 3i

Cuprcffi, the pound - — 2J 2

Nux Indica, the piece Pini, or grana pini, the pound_—— 3 1 I 1 1 «*> to

Piftachia or piftachias, the pound ' — 3

1 ^Vomica, the pound — 2| 21

r Petroleum, the pound Oleum, < ... 1 (Turpentini, vide turpentine. — — 51

' Olibanum, or incense, the 11 alb. — i92 111 il

Opium, the pound — 2 — 2 7V

Orabu >, the ;ound — — — 2

Orang e C Ointment, the pound 4i 89

Fiovvj r t Yvrater, the gallon9— 3z - 1 51

Orcant, or almiet, the pound — 2* — — 3

Origanum* the pound — 2| 2

Orpiment, or aurrpigmenturn, the H2lb. — — 12 4 — 13

Oappium huerredum, the pound *_ 2 2|

OfTa de corde cervij the pound — 3 — 8 3! —9G-

1 r of almonds, the pound 2j 3i 4

Oil ) of amber, the pound — I ni — 3 U — 3 4

L 1 de bay, the 11 alb. - 3 9\ — *3 5 — 4 21

IO9

A.D.

179 c> Chap. 8.

Vol. XIX.

Ec

Oil

j

no 7/be - thirty-ninth of George III. A.D. 1799. Schedule A. From Gr British. cat Britain. Forv’gn. From other Countries.

Chap. D.

A-—* u INWARDS. £ ' £ ' d.

dc benne, the pound I 13 — *9— I Itfi

of mace, or nutmegs, the pound — 2 I — 2 pi 2 IC

Oil of rosemary, the pound ioi - i p: — Ill

of scorpions, the pound 5i9

of spike, the pound 3i Ji 6

Fanis porcinus, vide cyclamen.

Panther, the pound - 13 61 I — C j

Pearl feeds, the ounce Troy — — »9— .110

Pellitory, the pound - «_

Pepper, long, the pound — — — 3 35

Perofen, vide frankincense. ’

Piony feedsj the pound — 2* *5

Piftachias, vide nux piftachia.

Piftolochia, vide bunkins.

Pix Bu rgumlix, the i ialb. — — 44 ~ 4 *,i

Polipodium, the pound — , mtmm I 1 4 t — ti

Polium montanum, the pound — 2 35

Pomegranate pills, the 11 2lb._— 11 3 — 12 I*

rt o c if for dyers use, free.

> «*<{ £ Ci Poppy feeds, the pound — — 2$ 2k

- 3 u. q Precipitate, vide mercury precipitate.

Prunellas, or pruins of Brunclia, the pound — 2* 35

Pfyllium, the pound — zj

Quicksilver, vide argentum vivum.

( Contra Yerva, the pound — 8i pi

Radix \ Efulx, the pound ‘ - — — I i 5 — I I

1 Peonae, the pound - - — 2i 2|

* Scorcionera, the pound — IO IOV

Read lead, the 112lbv - — 4 81 — 4 8} — 4115

Rhabavbarum, or rhubarb, the pound - - 3 — 5 3i - 5 85

Rhaponticum, the pound — 2 '6k — 2 pi

i Rofealg er, vide arsenic.

Rofirt, the pound — - IJ — — 2

Rubca tinclorum, vide madder roots.

Sngnpcnum,ude gum ferapiwum.

( Alcali, the pound - 11 - r

Sal < Armouiaeum, the pound - — 4k 4'i

I il for dyers use, free.

Sal gem, the pound —: 2i

nitrh the pound - - 3 - 4\ Si

Sanders

Drugs, vocat.

hi

5 The thirty-ninth Y'ear of George III.

Schedule A.

Sanguis

INWARDS.

/ Red, alias (lock, the iizlb. -\ if for dyers use, free.

Sanders t^e p0und

Yellow, the pound Sandiver, the 112lb. Sandracha, or gum juneperi, the ii2lb. ^Draconis, the pound C Hired, the pound Sarsaparilla, the pound Safiafras wood, or roots the I I2lb. Scamonium, vide diagredium.

Scincus marinus, the piece Scordium, the pound

Scorpions, the hundred, containing five score

Sebeftines, the pound

Seler montanus, the pound

Semen cucumeris, cucurb, citral melon, the pound

Sena, the pound

Seldonella, the pound

'Spica Celtica, vide nardus Celtica, or Spica Romana.

Spikenard, the pound

Spodium, the pound

Sponges, the hundred weight

Squilla, the i I2lb.

Squinanthum, the pound

Stnphifager, the i I2lb.

Stechados, the pound

Stibium, vide antimonium pneparatum.

r Calamata, the pound

{ Liquids, the pound

Succinum, vide carrabbc.

Sulphur vivum,'the pound

r Green, the nound Talk \

(White, the pound

Tamarinds, the pound

r Lerania, the pound

Terra j gigillataj the pound

Thlapfii femen, the pound

Tincal, vide borax.

Tornfal, the pound if for dyers use, free.

E C 2

Storar,

From Great Britain. British.|Foreign. [From other £)t 1 Countries. 1799.

£ s.d. Chap. 8.

£ ' V.

- i 3 6i 1 5 il

- 35 4l

- 7l 7l

- 9; — 2 nj

- 92 —981

- 819

- " 35 — — 4

- I» iot

- 5 71 — 6 —

: -i* i>

- i| 2

- 4 81 ~ 5 ii

- 31 4

- 2? 2*

n 2$ 2£

: — IOJ Ill

- 21 21

- <51 8t

- 41 5

12 li 3 5 3* 3 !2 51

;— — 5 !* — 5 T

- I 21 — 1 3

- >2 3l ~ >3 >1

r 3i

- I 3 i — 1 5

- 31 — — 4

- 2i 21

5* - — Si 4

- _—— — 2

- 21 —* — H

I!| — I I

- ,71 81-

- _i 4

- 2i 2 Treacle,

112 The thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1799. Schedule A. From Great E.lrain.: British. j Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 8. INWARDS. ! £ d-i C- ' d. . c. J. j.

f Common, the pound — 3 s ! — 6 . 6i

’ 1 Of Venice, the pound — 1 — 2 — 2 H

1 \ Treacle, 1 f , <- And further, for every one hundred weight thereof both common ami ot Venice 3 3 ii I 3 n

Trochifci de vipera, the ounce troy — T" — 1 2 i — I 3*

Turbith, j'n,'p°U"J - — ;— — 1 2} — I 3*

t'lhaphx, the pound - 7 i —

Turmcrick, the pound, (if for dyers use, free) — — — 2$ — — 3i

r common, the 11 alb. — 2 1} — 3, 3: — 3 6i

vocat. Turpentine, < Gf vcniCCf Scio, or Cyprus, C the pound — __ , , — 2 I — 2 / 37

ciT 4 txO O w. Verdigrease, the pound, (if for dyers use, free) 3^ si 6

0 Vermillion, vide cinnabrium. Varnish, the 11 2.1b. — 6 11 — 11 61 12 4

Viscus quercinus, the pound — — — 10 r — — 11

/ Vitriolum Romanum, the pound, (if for dyers use free) - —. —_6i — — 7 i

Umber, the hundred wt. containing 11 lib. — -V 4 8* — 5 n

White lead, the H2lb. - - — 6 - — 6 7 i — 1 n

Worm feeds, the pound . - — 6\ r- 11 -

Xylobalfamum, vide lyntifcus. ^Zedoaria, the pound __9JO

Earth, red, the barrel — 1 — 1 — 1 4i

; Elephants teeth, the hundred, containing five score — — 1 12 4i I 14 ii

Emery stones, the hundred weight, containing 112lb. - -_- - ... 9*

Emery, ground, the pound — of — °7. — / ' cl

- Fans for com, the piece - 61 — — n

"For beds, the 112lb. — 4 Si — 4 8$ — 5 s

of France, for beds, the hundred weight — — , 6 II T — 7 81

s V5 u. of Russia, the hundred weight — — — 4 4i — 5 1*

S 4 rt Vocat. eftridge, or oflrich feathers, not black or white, undressed the pound ._,_— 4 8? 5 i

of ostriches, C BIack> the P°'and — — — 3 8 — 4 1

undressed C White, the pound — —r — 4 1 — 4 5*

Feather beds, old or new, the piece — 3 10? — 3 — 4 7

Fiddles for children, the dozen —. i— 3^ — O — — si

Ferret ribbon, the grocc — 1 105_- 1 — r -

If foreign, and of silk, to pay as silk manufacture Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen — 1 8 — 3 Il7 4 4*

Fire fliovel plates, the hundred weight, eon-taining 11 alb. - - — 1 ' 6i — 3 1 ] 1" 3 4*

I

Fire

G»

¥The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain Britishi. Foreign.

INWARDS.

Fire (hovels, the dozen'

the barrel

Cod-fiflr

"i

the hundred, containing fix score

Cods heads, the barrel -

Cole fish, the hundred, containing fix score

Gull fish, the barrel -

Haddocks, the barrel - y

Herrings, the barrel " -

Lampreys, the piece '

Lings of all forts, the hundred, containing fix score

f Small, the hundred, containing fix score

M'ddle fort, the hundred, containing lix score

& f

2 J^Fish, great, the hundred, containing fix

I

I

- 4

d.

8

2-

I

4}

2\

- 7.

score Salmon,

Girles, the barrel Seal fish, the fish

r the barrel i Gir

t

cS

co

Croplings, the hundred, containing fix score

Lubfish, the hundred, containing Jix score

Tidings, the hundred, containing fix score

- 2 4r

- IO*

- 9i

- 97

- i 6.

- i9 8i

JWhitings, the barrel Flanders tile, VL’e brickllones.

r undressed, free Flax J Dressed or wrought, the H2lb.

(f----- r----- —, in foreign ships

Flax feed, or linseed, free.

Flames to let blood, the dozen -

Flints for fire arms, the thousand

Flocks, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. — 4

Flower roots, the hundred, containing five score — j Flutes, coarse, the groce, containing twelve dozen — 2

Frize, the yard -

Furnaces, for bleachers use, free.

'"Armins, the timber, containing forty skins-----

Badger skins, the piece

Black, the piece piece piece

2

Ph

Bear skins

' r Black, the p ins, Red, the pic (White, die j

5

7?

Trom other Countries.

£ '

- 3

d

ii- —

- n

- 1

- I 04

4i 81 5 4 44 14

2 ‘

- 19 8i

54

9

84

54 8 4

n

- 4

1

- 4

- 8

87

54

84

104

4

d.

3 44

3 6

l3 n

- 74

3 54

2 114

r 2i

4 5

- 24

3 U

6 u4

2 . 8

2 3

2 34

4 74

1 24

19

3

i 1 24

- 6

- 10

5 5

r 10

S °4

- 2

954

- <54

5

4 3 I

8 2

Heaver,

ir-4

A.D.

1799-Chap.

77r thirty ninth Year George III. Schedule A.

a

INWARDS.

f r Skins, whole, the piece

Beaver, \

/ Wombs, the piece

runtaw d, the timber, containing forty rt \ lhiiis

H ) tawed, - the timber, containing forty U C lk ins

% C the hundred, containing five score

~ / black, the hun red, containing five

U*3 score -

Cats poults, the hundred, containing five leore -

Fitches, the timber, containing forty skins

{the black fox,skin -

the ordinary stein

W ornbs, pouits, or pieces, the pane

( untawed, the timber, containing \ forty Ovins Grayes,

tawed, the timber, containing I forty lkins

( raw, the lkin

black ( seasoned, the skin

Jennets,

grey \ raw, the (kin

seasoned, the skin

T , r Skins, tilt niece Leoparas, ) 1

C Wombs, die pane

"the timber, containing forty lkins

Gills, the timber, containing Matrons, \ forty toms -

Poults, the pane or mantle -

Tails, the hundred, containing five score ' -

Miniver, the mantle

Minks, untawed, the timber, containing forty skins -

- , tawed, the timber, containing forty

skins

Moul skins, the dozen -

Otter skins, the piece

Ounce skins, the piece

Stables of all forts, the timber, containing forty skins

Weasel skins, die dozen

tawed, he piece

untawed, the piece

Wolverings, the piece

From Great Britain. British.

Foreign.

£ /. d. 1 £- S. d.

- X s'-

- m I

- I 61

- I 11

- .93i

- 129

- 1 4 8

- 3 53

I 3 2 6 21

- 2i — — 4:

—‘ I 2 v — 2 4}

- I I li

- 2 I 1 5

- 2 Ili

- 3

- 83

11

- 5 9i

i

i

Wolf skins, 3

From other Countries

£. s.

- i

i9

- 2

- lO 1

- >3 51

- 5

- 3

2 10

1 3 H

2 6

- 2 10

- 2 41

- 93

- 7s

- o4-

- 3

- 3

- 4

- 6

1 5

2 IO

- 3 ©I

- 2 63

- IO I

cj

Pi

i

4*

rc

2*

9

o

H

Or

- 3 i* — 3 31

- 13 ni — >5 ok

- 11 6k I o I

- o i? — O »3

- i 2 2 — i 31

- 2 II? — 3 U

6 i 8 7 i 7 IO 2

- i -

- 6 7 6i

- 5 33 — S 9s

- 3 o? 3 3s

i Galls,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. British.|Foreign. From othe Countries.

I N W A R D S. £ ' d. Ir- x. d.

Calls, the hundred weight, containing 112lb. - — 2 4l — 2 41 — 2 0

if for dyers use, free.

Garnets, small, rough, the pound — 2 4i — 4 6 — 5 3i

small or great, cut, the pound 6 I I i — 13 Hi - »5 °i

Gimlets, ( for carpenters, the grace 9;- — 1 6d L 19

for vintners, the dozen II — 111 — 2 o|

Girthweb, the groce - - — 3 6 611} 1— 7

"Glades for watches, the dozen ~ ~ 7T — L

Burning glades, the dozen

Glass pipes, small, the pound Si -

great, the hundred weight,

a 0 containing 11 2lb. I S 2 v

O > > { Hour glasses, the groce 4 7i I

02 fg r j Vials, the hundred, containing five feore. — I 2} — I

W Water glades, the dozen, of all forts 7+

rthe whole case, containing 24 y

Window \ leaves — 4

glades, y , the half case, (or fide)

C containing 12 leaves — 2 12 ni

Glew, the hundred weight,"Containing U2lb. — 2 4i — 2 4i — 29

Globes, small, the pair, under eighteen inches

diameter - - 4 83 — 4 8i 1 0

- , large, the pair, eighteen inches diame-

ter - — 93 — 93 IOI

Gloye$of all forts, the dozen — 3 Si — 6 ill ~ 7 6*

and of silk, and not Britishi, or the

manufacture of Persia, or the East Indies, for every pound weight — — — 4 >2 4i 4 »2 4i

Gold foil, the small groce, containing twelve

dozen - n 1 4i — 1 C\

Gold and silver thread right, the pound, containing twelve ounces Venice weight -48- —93; — 10 0

Grains, or scarlet powder, the pound ‘ 7\ ' 7i ' — — 10

of Seville, in berries, br grains of Portu

gal, or Rotta^ the pound — — — 4i Si

Gravers, or punfons for goldsmiths, the pound I| 23 3i

Grindstones, the chalder - — 26]’ — 2 6| — 29

'Almonds, the hundred wt. containing 11 2lb. - — - 13 ni — 15

a 0 , in the shell, the thousand V 4i ‘ 4}

O > Anniseeds, the hundred wt. containing 112lb. - -48' — 11 6\ -129

0 # Cinnamon, the pound - -i4- — I 4

u €> W. r Cloves, the pound - 1 ioi — I ioi

Cocoa nuts, the pound - 1 U - - I ijf

F f 2 Currants,

"5

A. IX

i7 >9-

Chap. 8.

116

A.D. 1799. Chap. u.

7The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Currants, the hundred wt. containing ii2lb. - in foreign fl ips

Dates, the huu red wt. containing i i2lb.

Figs, the hundred wt. containing i i2lb.

- 3 in foreign ships

Ginger, of the East Indies, or other foreign plantations, tl e pound

- of the West Indies, not British

plantation, the pound

- , of the British plantations, vide

Schedule C.

green, vide drugs.

8

cj

u ' o

w>

o

Liquorice, the hundred weight, containing 11 zlb.

- , juice, or ball, the pound

Mace, the pound

# Nutmegs, the pound Pepper, the pound

Piamento the pound, (vide Schedule C.) Prunes, the hundred wt. containing 11 2lb. - in toreign H ips

Raisins of all firrts, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

- , in foreign ft ips

Loaf sugars, refined, not being bastards and all candy, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, for every hundred weight, containing 11 Jb. futile lbs.

Sugars, refined, called bafUrus, and all ground and powutred rein e , and all refined loaf lugars broken *n pieces, for every hundred weight thereof, containing 11 2 futtle lbs. "

From Great Britain. IFrom other

British.|Foreign.

x.

d.

I

I —

- 5

2 i \i

- ~ li

x.

2

d.

8;

Countries.

9l

i

i

i

75

3i

- 6

- 3

- i

S

3i

si

4 1

- 7+

2 i li

- 6i li

- 3* I— 3 Si i 41

- 3

3

- io

i 17 11

IMufcovado, White, Refined,

Vide schedules B, and C.

rCorn-powder, the hundred wt., Gunpowder, \ containing 112lb.

vocat. )Serpentine, the hundred wt. con-

C taining 112lb.

# Camels hair, the pound

Hair, 3 Elks hair for saddles, the hundred wt. vocat. ) containing ii2lb.

Goats hair, the 112lb.

5

3

9>

51

- 13 05

2 II II|

a98i

- 3 "i

- 13 °5

4

7

2

5

6

d.

3

81

7

5

3

ai

8

- 10 11

- 12 81

2 13 ioi

2, IO IOj -----: 11

- 4

- *3

H

°k

For importation of Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace and Nutmegs, vide 23 and 24 Geo. III. cap. 25, and continued by 29 Geo. III. cap. 39.

Hair

7 he thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grc British. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. - £ s. £ d £ /. d.

Hair bottoms, for sieves, the groce, containing9

twelve dozen - - — I 2j — I 2} — 1 4*

Halberts gilt, the piece — I 6} — 3 n — 3 4 J

ungilt, the piece — — 4+ — — 9i — — 10

Hammers, the dozen - 57 — — 11 — 1 —

—, vocat. horsemen’s hammers, the

dozen . — 1 61 — 3 — 3 4*1

Handkerchers, or handkerchiefs, the dozen - — 5 — 129— *3 ioi

and further

additional duties, according to the n iture of the fabric.

Harness plates, vide plates.

f roses, the thousand - 2j — — 3r

H itbamls, the groce, containing twelve dozen . — 11 I 3 J?: 1 , 5 oi

Hat s, vo cat. draw hats, vide bads.

" } of beaver wool, or hair, the hat — 11 6} I 3 n I 5 Ox

all other hats, the piece — 2 31- — 4 8 — S oi

"Hemp, short, dressed, the hundred weight,

containing i!2lb. — 129— 129— 15 oi

*- C« in foreign (hip3 — >9* n

0 0 > Cullen or steel hemp, and all other forts

A of dressed hemp, the hundred wt. con-

e , taining ii2lb. — *7 4 — 17 A I 1 2

0 X in foreign ships - - . I 8 ioi

Spruce Muscovia (and all other undressed

hemp) free.

Hemp feed, free.

Hilts for swords and daggers, the dozen — 4 8 — 0 3 — -10 I

Honey, the barrel, of forty-two gallons - — 6 1 13 — 6. 11*- — -*T / Sii

i rof iron, for pines or hog Heads, the

[ hundred weight containing 11 alb. — 5 — 5 O; -— 5 6

Hoops, v of all other forts, the him-

- I I dred weight - 4 77 — 4 7i — 5 5

1 1 of wood, for cooper , the thousand — — 1 . ' — 1 — —' 1

'Hops, the hundred weight, containing 1 i2lb. I <S 8 — — — 2 10 —

’Horn books, plain, the groce — — 11 — 1 lO — O:

gilt, the groce — 1 ioi ' 3 1 — 4 o'-

Horn for lanterns, the thousand - , — 2 4: — 4 8 -r 5 O;

Jij fes, mares, geldings, and negs, the piece|— 4 5 — 4 5 — 4 s

Hunting horns, the dozen - - j; — 2 4; — 4 8 — 5

' M the pound - Ai — — -1 a z

jew s trumps, the groce, containing tv/elve do-

zen - — i -2i — 2 4: —

i.id :go, fice. ! i 1

Vcl. XIX. Gg

117

A.D. 1799.

Chap. 8.

7 he ihu tymuthITecir George III.

Schedule A.

r n w A r d s.

Ink for printers, the hundred weight, containing I 12lb.

Inkhorris, the grace, containing twelve dozen

- , of girds, the dozen

Inkle, unwrought, the pound

- , wrought, the dozen pounds

Bullet ferews, the dezen

Incision sheers, the dozen

Instruments Paces or tooth drawers, the dozen for -barbers.

and chirur- ' Pullicanes, the dozen

From Great Bircm.

Britishi.

Foreign.

From other Countries.

geous, vocat.

Sets, the bundle, containing sixteen

n

o

Trepans, the dozen

‘unwrought, for every ten

( final!, (not exceeding half a Backs for \ hundred weight,) the piece

Chimnies, large, exceeding half a hundred <{ (. weight, the piece

Bands for kettles, the hundred weight, containing 11 2lb.

j Doubles, vide plates.

1 loops, vide hoops.

- Irons, box irons, the dozen

- , Smoothing irons, no: box, the dozen

—i—, Stirrup irons, the dozen pair

Iron ore and cinders, the ton

- Liquor for dyers use, free.

Juice of lemons, tire pipe (free if fof dyers use)

Junk, called Old Junk, in pieces, not exceeding

li,ve fathoms in length, the ton

Ivory, unwrought, th.e pound -

Kelp, the ton

Keyknops, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

Keys for watches, the gvoce

fAimine, Bohemia, and all other coarse|knives, the dicker,* containing ten knives

i Butcher* knives^ the dicker, containing ten rt ! knives -

c

Carving knives, the dozen

o 1 Coopers knives, the dozen -

I Cullen knives, t e gr.oce, '^containing twelve|dozen -

Curriers knives, the dozen Drawing'knives, the dozen

A- s. d. £ d. £ d.

- 4 7i — 4 7 a — 5 5

- 6 l li — 13 1 I — 15 04

- I ' 5? — 2 9i -

- 37 — — 64 — — 7*

—93 I I I 5 5

—1 ' — 57 — — 11 — i —

- n — 1 2j — i 31

- n — I n — i 34

- 7i — I 2\ — i *3 a

- 3- — — 55 — — 64

- i n — 2 4 - — 2

- 11 6i — I I 6- — 11

- i 61 — 2 41 — 2 Si

- 3 i 4 — 4 8 — 4 i'i

- 8 2 — 129— 13 54

2 IO MM 5 64 6 04

- 2 , 1 . 1 2|4 2i 1 A 7

- 84 1 1 i 4i 1 r 1 6}

- 7 1 — 7 I — 9i

1

—93 — 18 61 i — 1

11 6\ li 64 — *3 5i

- i 21- — 1 47

- 3 6 1 j 3 6 — 4 °k

- 2 4l 1 4 8 — S 84

- 2 IO — 5 6 — 6 or

- 5 — — V — 1 ' 10

- 5 — —9— 10

- s 2 — 12 U — 13 34

- I a. — 2 41 — 3 61

- I '94 2 2 At

- .29— 5 Cj — 6 0 4

- 11 — i 10 — 2* oi

Knives

*Tke thirty-ninth Year of George I. IT*

Schedule A. From Gr; Uritish. :at Brit; lore; iin ign. 1 From othci|Countries.

INWARDS. s. d r s# ’ s. d.' if- d.

("Glovers knives, the bundle, containing fix 1

knives - - — 2 °4 — 5 6 — 6 oi

d rt CJ Penknives, the groce, containing twelve

O > dozen — 3 6 — 1 — — 7 Si

oT <! CJ Skerknives, the dicker, containing ten

*5 i knives - - — 4? — —9— — 10

Stock J unght, the dozen (locks —93 — i8 1 — 1

Knives ( gilt, the dozen (locks — I 7 84 i 10 1

"Bone lace of thread, the dozen yards — 4 8* —93 10 1

Crewel lace, the small groce, containing

twelve dozen —93 — 18 64 1 — 1

Of* gold or silver, or silver and gold, the pound Troy, or Venice weight I 12 -» ——

4-J r« Gold and silver lace, the ounce Troy — 2 2J

O > Pomet lace, the groce, containing twelve

N o dozen - — 2 4i — 4 — 5 0}

n Purl or antlet lace of thread, the groce, con-

1 taining twelve dozen — t 21 — 2 4k — 2 64

rBone lace of all forts, the small pound,

\ containing sixteen ounces 2 *798 x3 3 8 l7

£ ) Lace of all other forts, the pound, con-

L taining sixteen ounces - v — i7 4 6 i 3k 6 3 81

Ladles, vocat. melting ladles, the hundred wt. t

containing H2lb. — 4 8 —94 — IQ I

Lai blocks, the dozen — — 2i — — 23 — 3»

Latches and catches, iron, the dozen — — lk — i 25 — I 3l

Laths, the thousand — — n — — .*? — — 'k

black latten, the hundred weight, con-

Latten,! taining 112lb. — 8 — 8 n — 8 ui

?ocat. ) (haven latten, the hundred Weight, con-

b- taining 112II). — 8 CO — 8 81 —97k

/the ton, containing twenty hundred — 13 I I i — r3 1<5 — 16 2}

\ weight i i 2i 1 4 k

cacl, j milled, or (heets, the hundred weight

' ore, die ton —93 —93 — 10

f of gold, the hundred leaves, containing

Leaves, ) five score , — '— ^» / — i 27 — 1 3*

L of silver, the thousand leaves — 2 4. — 4' 84 — S 0}

f Vide oranges

Lemons,

C Pickled, the pipe —93 — 18 64 1 — 1

Limes, the barrel, (free if for dyers use) — — 6'i — — 6j — — 71

juice, tl’.e gallon (free if for dyers use) — — 2] — — S — — ' 61

"British, brown, or white, free. Condition-

4-t rt ally, 4 G. I. chap. 6.

o © Dutch barras, and Htfion can-

\ vas, the hundred ells, con-

c o c Cnnvas, \ taining fix score - Ik — !7 ’ t

- / And further, for every squarej

yard thereof . - -|[— — 1$ 2k — — «- r /

IJ9

17 go. Chap. 8.

Ggi

J 20

A.D.

' 7 ')

Chan. 8.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. Schedule A.

> J

INWARD s.

Tacking canvas, gutring-, nnd jfpruce canvas, the hundred dls, ccr.taining 120

And further, for every iquarc yard thereof

P|Polcdavies, Spruce, E Ling or Queens 5 J borough canvas the bole, containing 28 ells

And further for every square yard thereof

The a I eve and in every fitch erse^ the flihi’ir.tml ar ty rf Cd. f r yard is apy>ro-jriuhd to the enconrageing r.t of the linen truinnjjciure.

rof Holland making, the

Tabling J >'ard /of Silesia . making, the Cyud

o

u

G

11

n

a

Towelling and Nap killing,

Tabling,

-of Holland making, the yard

of Silesia, making, the yard

of Holland making, the yard

of Silesia . making, the yard

7 Napkins of Holland making, the dozen

f ^of Holland making

Towelling atld the yard

N joining, Qr Silesia, making the

yard

Drillins, and packducks, the hundred ells, containing fix score

- , and further.for every

Cnuare yard thereof

Eng II l and, of Holland making the ell -

and further for every square

yard thereof Linen rags, free.

Litmus, the hundred wt. containing i I 2lb. t-, free if for dyers4'fie.

Lockers, or chapes for daggers, the grace, containin \ twelve do, oil

From Great Britain. Britishi. I Foreign.

Frem other Countries.

£ s- d- I- ' a £ '

T> — — »3 "i. — 15 °i

- 7i 7*

- 4 21 — 4 7

7k 0. t — /X

- 1 IOj — 2

ii — I

- g -9

'3 + 4

- I 2 — i -3j

_ 7

- 6 Hi — 7 °i

--Si

- j -

- i° 5k - 11 3i

- 7k 7*

- i 6j — 19

~ . 1 ' / 5 - ri I

- 2 3! -2-8

I <*i — 3 44

ins or cloths, made of flux or htiTip, nM

b/ing of the manufacture of Ouv.t lli-rain, an additional duty o» 6d. I-y the yard, if lit famebeyaid wide, or under, cn \ of t.s. peryaui, if the fame be above me yard, and under tw <ards wide; and of ..s per y:u J, if the fame be iwo ) tads Wide e»r niuie.

Budget*

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

o

INWARDS.

fBudget or hanging locks, small, the groce containing twelve dozen

Hanging locks, large, the groce, containing twelve dozen

-Box, chest and cupboard locks, the groce

Horse locks, the dozen Spring C double, the dozen Locks, £ f,ng]e> the dozen

Stock f double, the dozen ^Locks, t single, the dozen

Looms, called weavers looms, free.

Lutes fCulIcn ma*c'n8> cases, the dozen L Venice making, with cases, the dozen

CutHngs, the groce, containing [ twelve dozen knots -

'LutC-strings, < vide harpv firings.

(^Minikins, the groce, containing / twelve dozen knots

Crop madder, and all other bale madder, the hundred weight containing i i alb.

Fat madder, the hundred weight, containing i i 2lb

Mul madder the hundred weight, containing i i 2lb.

Magnus, the hundred wt. containing H2lb.

Maps printed, the ream

Marbles for children, the thou fund

4

Match, for guns, the twenty pounds

Metheglin, the hogshead

Metal Leaf, except silver or gold, the packet, containing two hundred and fifty leaves

Mithridate, the pound

Mortars and pef;!es of brass, the pound

Mum, the barrel

Muilin, (plain white) the square yard

-Mustard feed, the hundred wt. containing ii2lb.

Chair nails, lacquered or unlacquered, the thousand Copper nails, rose nails, and fndlers nails, the sum, containing ten thousand

Harness nails, the sum, containing ten thousand -

Madder, (free if for dyers use,

'Nails,

vocat.

H h

?rom Great Britain, ^ritish.|Foreign. From otheif Countries.

/. d. . £ ' £ ' d-

2 II -'- - -64 — 6 nf

Si 91- - — 12 6 — 1S 10

2 ! - - S 8 - 5 ut

Oil — 1 i« — 20

I II ' — 3 10 — 4 02

I — 2 4i — 27

2 45 - 4 — s 0

Si ' —- 2 10 — 3 °i

- 1 17 olr H* O O

- 5 10 11 6 0 2

- 8* — — II

3 'i — 6 2'* — 6

2 10 — 2 10 - 3

I 6* I 6i — 11®

- li 71 —

2 3* — 2 3i — 29

93 — 18 6i 1 0 1

- 11 — —.11.

- 2i 2* 3i

4 8 — 93 —10 1

I 2\ — 2 4i — 2 61

- 4 7 — 5 °t

2 4 4i

6 I iV — ’3 — IS 0*

\ — ii - 2 2? —

1 — 1 2* — 4

i — 2 1 i-j — 3 4f

i 6i — 2 iii — 3 4}

2 - 4 — 5 of Ileai 1

Tie thirty-ninth Year George TII.

Schedule1 A.

1 N V.r A R

'Head nails, the barrel

D S.

'Nails, ) Small nails, the half barrel

vocat. lu;jSj the fmrjj containing ten thou

fa:td -

Neats tongues of RuiTia, the doyen

SSewing needles, the twelve thou f.md

Pack needles, the thousand

Sail needles, the thousand

{Small nuts, the barrel

Chefuuts, the barrel

Walnuts, the barrel

Oaker, the barrel -

Oakum, the hundred wt. containing 112lb.

Ore, Tocat. iron ore, the ton

Olives, the hogshead

"the barrel

. the hundred bunches

Unions, S

Seeds, the hundred weight, contain-ingii2lb.

Oranges and lemons, the thousand

Orchal, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb. -if for dyers use, free.

iOil cloth, the yard

'Oil of jefiamine, the pouud

Oil extracted from juniper berries, free.

Oil of vitriol, free.

*Linfecd oil, or rape oil, by subjects, the ton

M Seville, Majorca, Minorca, Apuglia, Flo-~ i renee, and Portugal, by subjects the ton -

-O

by (Irangers, the ton

SallaJ oil, by subjects, the ton

-—, by subjects, the ton

Greenland, by subjects, the ton >-----, by (Irangers, the ton

»Oil, head matter, or 'other produce of whales,

or other creatures living in the Teas, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or vellll built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects uuully residing therein rje-

spedively,

From Great Britain. British. I Foreign. From other Count lies.

jT. % s. d. £ ' £ ' d-

- 18 <T- 117 0 2 0 01

- 18 6i 1 '17 oi 2 0 .01

- 'TO — 1 6,' — 19

- I 4

- s n — 11 — — 11 11

- I 2j — 2 5 - 2 7

r. £ - 1 — i 3*

- 1 2| — 25 — 2 7

- 19— 3 6 ~ 39

10 — 1 6f - 19

0 1 — 3 ci - 3 6

31 4 45

- 6} — —9

- 1 17 0 2 0

’ — — 51 9i — — it

- in — 3 — 4 2|

-93 — 93 — 10 10

- «7 4 — >93

-3<5 — 4 oj

- i i* — in - 2 oi

4 -- -7 7i

: 0 lS 2\ ! 10 15 2} 11 641

11 3 si 3 51 " 17 Hi

- 4 17 4 17 c|

- 5 12 I 512 1

- 7 5 7 8 16 5*

- 8 3 '9‘4 cl

- 1 3 ij' 1 3 is

- 167 1 6 7

- The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. British.|Foreign. From other Countries

I N W A R 'D a. - fp^clively, may on importation "be admitted to emry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever. ATs.v, For British plantation and American oil, vide lchedule C. c- — 1 t* S*-

Oyders, pickled, the gallon — — — 31 — 71 — 71

f in (keans. the hundred weight Packthread, \ - — 6 x 1 J — x3 o — l5

X vocat. bottom thread, the ioolb. r* Dripping and frying parrs the 592 — if 6i — 12 6i

-Pans, vocat. \ hundred wt. containing 112 lb. — S92 — 10 5} — 11 2j

L Warming pans, the dozen — 6 Hi — *3 ni — *5 Oj

"Blue paper, the ream — 1 2i — 1 2i — 1 41

- a Brown paper, the bundle — — 4? — 8i — 9h

0 O > Gold paper, the small groce — 1 — 3 ii — 3 41

0 PrelTing paper, the hundred leaves P;iper of all other kinds, except paper hangings, the pound weight, avoirdu- 1 — 3 Si — 39

poise — — 3i — — 4 i — — 4i

Pafreboard for books, the thousand And a further duty, after the rate of ten (lill-Lngs for every hundred weight. Parchment, the roll, containing (be dozen 1 — 1 6} — 1 10

iheeU - — J xii — 5 xii — 6 8i

Peas, called garden peas, the bushel if for lowing free. Penners, the groce, containing twelve do- 1 2i "

zen - Piercer bits, the groce, containing twelve 4 8 —93 —10

dozen - ~ 2 3 — 4 71 — s Dl

Pike heads, the piece - 1 — xi — H

(without heads, the piece Pikes* \ — — 5 — 10 — 11

C with heads, the piece — — 6i — 1 u — I

Pincers or Plyers, the dozen — — 5i — 10 — 11

Pins >, the twelve thou fend for children, the groce, containing 19— 4 8 — 5

—. \ twelve dozen Pipes, J — 11 — 1 10 — 2 01

£for tabors, the dozen f small b aid, the lad, containing twelve93 — 18 8J 1 f

j bands - " -J in foreign 4 8 — 4 8 — J S

Pitch, flops - VlXat* great hand, the lad, containing twelve — 6

j barrels J — in foreign fjp* Ilk 2 7 4 - — 7 4 — i 7*

' — 11 2i riai»

123

A.D. 1799.

Chap. 8.

1

The thirty-ninth Year c/’ George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Plain irons, the dozen

weight -

Sof cedar, the foot

of England, the hundred feet, containing five score

taining 300 plates

Plates I Double, white or black, the barrel, con vocat.’ 4 taining 300 plates

J Harness^ plates, f buntj;c> contain

(Iron doubles, £ inS 10 Plates "

Playing tables of walnut tree, the pair

12 small groce

of capiton, the great groce, contai 12 dozen

of fine (ilk, the small groce, contai 12 small groce

- And for every lb. weight of silk

not of the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Peril a, or the Eail - Indies -

Pomegranates, the thousand

Pomy, or pumice {tones, the ton

Covered, the ioo cast, containing five score

Uncovered, the ioo cast, containing a gallon to every cast, whether in one pot or more

Pots, vocat. of earth or stone,

fGallvpots the ioo containing five

I score

v Iron, not exceeding gallons each, the

vnr nf- dOZCn "

vocat.

Melting pots for goldsmiths, the 100

UA11 pots and kettles of iron, the dozen

Printing letters or types, the hundred weight

Pullies of iron, the groce, containing Pullies, 1 12 dozen

vocat. j cf wood, the groce, containing 12 / dozen

Quinces, the hundred

Rackets, the piece

Raddle, the barrel -

Rapcfecd, the quarter

From Grc . British. :at Britain. Foreign. ' 0 From other Countries.

£..s. £. /. C- s- d-

>' Si -81

- 4 o| - 4-8* — 4 JCr

- 1 pi

- 1 5 2 — 6ii£ — 6 1 if - 7

13 "5 — 13 1 ii — 15

- 2 4': - 4 8 — 5 0;-

- IO — 1 — 1 81

- 4* — 4 8i — 5 ol

CO 1 — 93 IO I

- 3 <5 — 6115 - 7

/ 412 4I 4 12 4|

~ J 2j —991 — 10 7I

-67* — 6 7* — 6 ioj

"'H 0 M 00 1 — 12 — — 12 Si

- 8 2 — 129 - 13

- 6 III — 11 61 — 12 41

- 3 6 — 6ill - -7 61

11 — — 11

1 —9- 1 1 14 7? I 17 o|

- ii 6| 1 3 *? 1 5 X>1

- 15 167 i 8 6

- 2 4$ — 4 81 - S °i

5? — — 11 — 1 —

ItV 2j 23

- I 2| - — I 2f - — I 4i

- 2 31 ~ 2 3l -_2 8

T2 0ftlpc

G.

*The thirty-ninth Year George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS,

Rattles for children

rhe groee, containing twelve dozen

C with bells, the dozen

Razors, the dicker, containing ten

Reaping hooks or ficklcs, the dozen

Regulus, the hundred weight

rof silk of all'forts, and all other manufactures, the pound, contain-

Riband

iii£ fixt.en ounces

'of gold, fiver* or both, the pound, containing fixreen ounces

Rice, vide schedule C.

Rims for sieves, the groee, containing twelve dozen

‘for curtains, the pound

for keys, the groee, containing twelve dozen -

of brass, copper or St Martin’s, gilt, the groee, containing twelve dozen

i

Rin^s, rmall, the box, containing two groee, twelve dozen to each groee

of hair, the groee, containing twelve dozen

of wire, the groee, containing twelve dozen -

- t

Rosin, if not of the product of any of the Britishi dominions or plantations in America or the West Indies, and imported in {hips built and navigated according to law, for every hundred weight.

—, and if imported in any foreign built vessel, for every hundred weight thereof

Saddles, of steel, the piece

Safflore, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb. if for dyers use, free.

Saffora, vide Barilla.

Saffron, the pound -

’the bushel, containing eight gallons

v. — —, in foreign Clips

Balt, vocat. Rock salt, the ton

Saltpetre, the hundredV weight, , containing

11 alb.

Frame saws, each

Hand fuws, the dozen

Saws, vocat. Leg saws, the prece

Tenant saws, the dozen

JWhip-saws, the p ece

yol. xix. i i

Salt, white of all forts,

From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign. From other Countries,

£ s.d. £ £ s. d.

- 2 41 - 4 8J — 5 °i

5* ii — 1 —

- 2 4i — 4 85 — 5 oi

4t 8k

-484 — 4 8 — 55

- 11 6'j 5 '5 <5 5 '7 Si

- 18 6 7 1* 612 5*

- 8_j9--

2 4 43

- I I? — 213 ' 3i

- 2 41 ~ 4 81 — 5 ®i

- I — 2 4l. - 2 S

4i H 8i

- 1 ok - 1 ii

- 2 IOJ — 2 IO4 ‘ — a ioi

- 2*1? — 2 11?

- 2 4t — 4 8' — 5

- 93 —93 — 10 IO

- 3 51 —' 6 11 i - 7

—' ' 2 — — 2 — . — 2 —

- 2 —

3 3 3 -

1 CO - 4 8 — S S

9- Si - 6\

- IO — 1 6> - «9

IO — 1 — 1 y

- I — 3 n — 3 4*

I — I 2 - / 1 3r let,

Silk,'Vocat.

126

D.

1 7 ;jq.

( Imp. 8.

'The thirty-ninth Ye of George III. Schedule A.

ScJcf,

inwards.

for razors, the dozen for ftabbards, the bundle, containing j.

From Great Britain. British.|Foreign.

From other Countries.

y 1 100

C Vide fcr.fi.

Scarlet powder, vide grams.

StifTrs, the groce, containing twelve dozen Scythes, the dozen -

Scythe-ilones, the dozen

Sea-holly roo:s, the hundred weight, containing 1 I 2lb.

Sea h rfe teeth, the pound

Cinque foil, or clover, the pound —

Se

f Cinque

<h, j r 1

t IVII -e», the hundred weight

Yixle Drugs, for fee 's of apius cofeus, amcos, aniomi, carraway, canhamus, coriander, fennel, piony, poppy, and ftmen thlapfii.

- , (other feeds) for gardens, the pound

~ to

fcC

for fhcermen

I

Sieves of hair, the dozen

Shag, lluflj .,r hair, the yard

f voent. forceps, the grocc, containing twelve j dozen -

for g’ov rs, the pair

jarden il eers, the dozen

for fearn tiers, the dozen

new, the pair

( old, the pair -

| sheep thcer5,ilic dozen

(_for taylors, the dozen

Sheaths for 'knives and forks, the groce

Shot, the hundred weight

Shru/F, or old brass, the hundred wt. containing 112lb.

Shumack. the hundred wt. containing 11. lb. free, if for dyers use.

pOrgazine silk, the lb. containing sixteen

(ounces

Silk, raw, not being of the growth or cul-. ture of any of his Majesty's colonies in

I. America, for every pound weight, containing twenty four ounces

Satin silk, the pound, containing sixteen ounces

Silk nubs waste or hulks, the pound, containing twenty one ounces

i* Thrown silk, (undyed) the pound, containing sixteen ounces

Thrown, silk (dyed) the pound, containing sixteen ounces

3

/. '£- /. d. 1/* ' v £.

\ 31 3 r

2i Sr 51

5 5 r93 — 10 —

2 4; 1— 4 5 r 01

- i> !— 3 - - d:

1 5i {— 7 8 L-8 I

- 71 j 7C9

2 7 r 2 7 — 27'

1 11 .— in — 2 3}

- >1 i r~ 2-L 2]

1 } — I 21* — i 4r

- 71 - - 71 71

1 6i — 3 — 3 41

- 15 2] 3x

2 Tlj — S 91 -64

- 53 10 10

2 4t -4 8; — 5 ®x

1 6> — 3 — 3 4!

- 10 — 1 6j — x9

in — 39— 4 °i

- 71 — I 2} — '

19- 3 51 — 39

n1, - 6 1 li — 82

- 1 61 — 1 10

- 1 it / — 2 3*

- 1 Si - - 1

4 8

- 3i

3 I04

~ 5 5

O t

j*

91

- 4 6

6 95 China

The thirty-ninth Year of George IIr. Schedule A.

v:

INWARDS.

p China damask, the yard

Cloth of gold, plain, the yard

- y of silver, wrought, the yard

- of tilTue, the yard

An I further, if of the manufacture of Great Britain, Persia, or the East Indies, ail additional duty per yard of

Otherwise, and not the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty for every pound weight thereof

All* Aiks wrought of the fabric or manufacture of the East Indies, Italy, tr any part or places whatsoever, the pound weight, containing sixteen ounces

Silk manufacture, not otherwise rated, mixed with gold, hiver, or both, the pottnd -

Sheets for whitflers, the flceet

Smalts, free.

Snuff, the pound

Snuffers, not being lacquered or japanned, per dozen -

Black, f*ee.

Castile, or Venice, the hundred wt. containing iialb.

Spades for gardeners, the dozen

Spangles, of copper, the thousand

Spe&acles, without cases, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

-Spirits psrfe&Iy made, and not exceeding Angle proof, the gallon

Brandy, Geneva, and other foreign spirits perfectly made, and not exc.eding Angle proof, the gallon

- , in foreign ships

Rum, not of the British plantations, the gallon -

—in foreign {hips the gallon

——, of the British plantations, vide Schedule C. oc

And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of Angle.spirits, an additional duty for such spirits to be pah4, in proportion to the duties payable for Angle spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of Rrength which such spirits shall bear to Angle spirits V. of the fame denomination.

And ty 32 2. cap. 10. AllJIjrub or other mix-

Soap

vocat,

n

o

o

From Grc British. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

£ ' £- ' d.

- <* 3 — 73

—93 — 93 — 10 9i

- 13 11? — 13 iij — 1 62’

1 3 1 3 1 6n

- 19— 19

- 4125 412 5

- 3 8i j 1 2 S t 0/

1 7 9* 516 2 649

IT r — I

1 1 00 - 1 U - t 3*‘

- 10 — I — 19

- 17 4 — 18 6*

- 2 - 4 8i — 5 oj

1* 3i 3*

- 2 2} -v 4 <5 — 4

~i-f 00 vvn I —

- 5 0 4 VO 1

- 6 io'i

- 5 - 6 1}

- 6 loh

1

mad*) and pay as such.

1 2

7hs thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

British.

INWARD S.

tSpcons of hoii), tire groce, containing twelve dozen

Sponges, vide drugs.

Standiflics, of biafs, tl.c dazen f

- , of wood, the dozen

- , covered with leather, gilt, the piece

- , vocat. pocket flantltflie?, the dozen

Starch, the lain, red weight, containing i i 2lb.

Steel, wisp or long fled, the hundred weight, conraiiung i i 2ib.

Stockings, of lilk, the pair

- , and for every pound weight of (ilk,

not British iranuh.dme

pair

for men or women, the

for children, the pair for men or women, the

d.

i \ol.

Foreign.

From other Countries.

if-

d.

Si

- io

- 7

- 3 Si

- 4 8

- i i o-

- 29

- ii

1

_s«.

7

3

oollen

worsted

e>

c

o

CO

paar -

- for children, the pair J

Stone birds, or whiffles, the small groce, containing twelve dozen

Blood stones, the pound

Dog stones, the last, containing three pair to the last

Emery stones, vide emery.

Flag stones, the hundred feet

Mill stones, the piece

Pumice^stones, vide pomy.

Quern f Iarge, the last stones, £ small, the last.

Slick stones, the 100, containing five score

Straw hats, vide bafts.

Sturgeon, the firkin

- , the keg

Succards, wet or dry, the pound

Sugar moulds, or pots, the hundred, containing five score -

Sugars, vide groceries and schedules B. aMd C.

Sword blades, of Venice, Turkey, or fine blades, the dozen -

- 6 ni

dozen

course, of Flanders-making, the -

British, vide blades.

Table

- 1

4 -2}

9

4

Si

2-1

- s

I

-I

3

- 19

- 3

- 12

6

"1 U

o\

6

3t

6]

Si

- 4 8 412 5

- 4'

- 2

- 9

- 4:

- 11

- 6 11 i

- S

- 3

- l9

- 3

- 12

- 6 ni

- 3

- S a*

- 26

6

©t

6

3i

- 8 8*

6 4 84

f. '* d-

- 2 2 r

-3 ®

- 19

—9Sir

- .3 ‘©i

- 5 S

4i= S'

- s

- ii

- 5

- > 4i

93

- 6

- 5

1 ~ 3

- 4 U

- 12 si

- 7 K

- 39 /

- 10

- 93

7 61

- 5 o'*

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. British.|Foreign. ' From other Countries

INWARDS. £ ' d. £ s. d. £ ' , d

Table books, coarse, the dozen — I 2* — 2 41 — 2 6k

fins, the dozen — 2 4 i — 49— 5 o's

T ables, 7 Playing tables, of walnfcot, and all

vocat. 3 ocher forts, coarle, the pair — — 7i I — I 3»

Tacks of iron, the thousand — — 1 IO — i 6'j — I9

Tallow the hundred weight — — »> / + - 7? —_7t

Tar, small band, the last, containing twelve

barrels - - — 39— A 24

9s

- 5

"» great banJ, the lull, containing twelve

barrels - — S9' r — 7

7#

- 9

Tarras, the barrel —9— —9— — 19

Tea, green, for every pound weight thereof - 7 —

black, boliea, or other tea, for every pound

weight thereof 5 f

- And if the same shall have been purchased

at the E id India company’s f ile in London

lor an higher price than two drillings per ’

pound weight, then an additional duty of two I 1 i i -

pence for every six pence British per pound ]

weight, that shall be paid for the same, above

the said sum or price of two shillings British i

at such sale: the price thereof to be inserted

in the cocket, and to be further ascertained

by a reference to the sale books of the Ealt

India company. '

Teazels, the thousand — — 2k — — 2f — — . 2-;

Thimbles, the thousand — 6 if i *3 ni — JS of

r ' Bridges thread, the dozen pounds - io 5t IO 11

Crofbow thread, the hundred pounds, containing five score - — 7 8 k — *5 5 — 16 8i

g 1 Of gold and silver, vide gold.

g 1 1 Lyons or Paris thread, the bale, containing

c* I one hundred bolts 2 r5 51 3 1

- V. # . Outnal thread, the dozen pounds — 6 i if — ij Hi — f5 o'i

Piecing thread, the pound -93 — 13 6k i — i

| Sifters thread, the pound — i9— 3 <5 — 3 9f

Whited brown thread, the dozen pounds — 3 if — 5 J - *5 -9/

T.l es, called pan-tiles, vide bricks.

Tinfoil, the groce, containing twelve dozen — S't — — 5; —, — 5 f

Tinglass, thi hundred wt. containing i i'2lbs. — 6 i if — 6I if — 8 2

Tinsel, with copper, the yard — 1* — I ' 2 f — t 31

with right of gold and silver, the yard — i — 2 5 2 7

Ti infhore, the groce^containing twelve dozen — o l D i — — 3f — 31

vVol. XIX. K k Tob icao.

- Tie thirty ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

Schedule A. *799- I From Gr j/ British. cat Britain Foreign. From other Countries.

Chan. l;. —J INWARDS. L. /. d. £ , if*

Tobacco of the produce of Crqat Britain, North America, or of the JBriridi plantations, imported either from Great Britain, or from the place of growth, per pound weight - o

and if imported by fir-angers, or by any laws now of force, be subject to aliens duty, 'then a further duty per pound weight of - x ‘.

Subject in both cales to inland duty of ex* <ile. Tobacco-pipes, the groce — .9 IS

Tools, vocat. carving tools, the groce, containing twelve dozen T 2 4f — 4 Si — S os

Tortoise flreil, tire pound - -7 73 83

Trays of wood, the shock, containing' sixty trays . - — 24i — 2 .41 - 29

Trcacic, Flanders treacle, tire barrel T —. 18 ,6\ 1 1

——, of Jean, the pound . —r

——, and furtlicr, for every hundred -weight thereof - - 1 3 1 -3 ’*

Trees, of all forts, free. Trowels, the dozen II — 1 10 — 2 0:

Trumpets, vide brass. Twist, for band firings, the dozen knots — I 21 — 2 4i — 2 -7

of gold or fdver, the ounce —- IO — 1 64 —

Tin, of Cornwall and Devon shir*, unwrought, the < hundred weight, containing mlb. - 4 8.

A’Ccat. grain tin,-free. r wrought, vocat. pewter, the hundred wt. containing i f alb. — .93 — 93 — 10 i.

Trenchers, white fort, common, the groce, containing twelve dozen - . - Si 61-

- red, or painted, the;groccl containing twelve dozen - — I 45 — 29— 3 CJ

Turpentine, oil, or spirits, for every ppund wt. — — i-3 1$ ii

Vellum, for table beaks, the.fhia — I :2j — I — 1-4!

' Velvet, the pound i 3 S 15 6 5 J9 4;

Verditer, the IzundvechweigUt, oentaining ijzlb. — 3 n - . 3 U - 3 8

Viols, the piece - - i -3 O - 3 43

Vice harp*, the-dozen — 3? — — 6} - — 6}

Vices, for fmirhs, the vhe — — JO — 1 64 -19

Vinegar, Tie ten 114 8 6 19 9; 7 1 8>

Vizards the dozen - - — 210 - -5,7 ' — 6oj

Wax, the hundred weight, containing l t alb. 1 _2 0 1 2 0 .4

voear, hard wax, e pound . - 0 \ 0 3’ 4!

Weld, or would ft rave, the hundred weight, it for dyers.use, hue. — — 10 10 II

While-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Whalebone, caught or cured by British or Irish subjects, the hundred weight

Fins of whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or Vessel, built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jevfey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects, usually residing therein respectively, are upon importation to be ad mitted to entry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever. Vide schedule C.

Whale-bone, not British or Irish,' caught and cured, the hundred weight

Whet stone*, the hundred (tones, containing five score -

Whip cord, the pound

Whifllcs, cocks or bellows, the groce

——, cocks or birds of (lone, the small groce, / containing twelve dozen

Whiting, the hundred weight

Woad, vocat. island or green woad, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight if for dyers use, free.

Woad, Thouloufe, the hundred, containing 112lb. if for dyers use, free.

'great, the hundred, containing one hun-Lundred and twenty balk

- , in foreign ships

Note, All great balks of eight inches square, and upwards, are to be rated and pay as timber.

Middle, under eight, and above five inches square, the hundred, containing 120 balk

o

o

rs

-, in foreign ships

Small, five inches, and under, the hundred, containing i 20 balks.

in foreign ships

f Barrel, the 120 boards 1

j-----, in foreign ships

r Clap boards, the 1 2© boards

- 1 A

5 ^-----, in foreign fl ips

boards

_-----, in foreign -ships -

Uox wood for combs, the thousand pieces

Brazil or Fernambuco wood, f vide Sche-

Brazilletto or Jamaica wood, I duls C.

Deals, the hundred, containing fix score

- , Being 3 feet in length, and under 12!

feet in length, and net exceeding in thkkncfsl 2-indies

' Kk

From Great Britain. British. j Foreign. From other Countries.

£ ' d. 1 £ £ '

- 3 6

- 4 81 — 4 I®;'

I IO — 1 10 — 2 2h

I 21 2jr

- 2 10 - 5 6 — 6 o.S

Si 11 — 1 —

3| 3/ 41

- 1 10 1 t 13 x

-30} - 3 *'

1 4 7 0} 1 17 or 1 7j

2 10 io-

- 129— 129— 14 8

- j. 18 61

- 6 — 6 11 - — 7 Jr

L — — 98

II II — 11 11 — 12 —

- !2 21

_ 6 .8* — 6 31 - 6

- 7

tic - 2 4': — 29

1 . — 3 6

J— 0 L 1 J ‘ 4 — 3 - 4 6

193 ' J 0 T Cl

Ih

J32

A.D.

1799-Chap. S.

7 he thirty ninth Year George III.

Sc!

leciUie

le A.

INWARD S.

'Denis the hundred, containing fix score

o i

o

in foreign ships -

- 3 inches

in foreign ships -

-31 inches -

in foreign ships -

- 4 inches -

in foreign ships -

-4i inches -

in foreign ships -

feet in lenj ;th, and unde:

ength, and not exeeedin;]

i niches -

in foreign ships -

- 3 inches -

-> in foreign ships -

"3^ inches -

in foreign flops -

-4 inches -

in foreign ships -

4*: inches

in. foreign ships

From Great Britain. British. J Foreign.

From other Countries.

- , Being 14 feet in length, and under

16 feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2, inches

—, in foreign ships —, 3 inches —, in foreign ships

i

—» 3i inches,

—, in foreign ships —, 4 inches —|in foreign ships —,45 inches —, in foreign ships

- , Being 16 feet in length, and under

iS feet in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2± incites

- , in foreign ships

- r, 3 inches

- r, in foreign ships

y j i

: inches

-, in foreign ships

4

£ d. £ d. £- s d.

- 13 *1?

- IO — — II9

- 14 oi-

- 10 IO — 1 2 00

- 16 3

- 11 61- — '3: 7

- *7 4

- 12 4i — 14 6

- iS -6

- IO 9i' — 12 ,8

- 16 I

- I I9— O9

- *7 :7 \

- 12 8 — 14

- 18 Mi

- *3 7 ~ — rS »oi

I — 3

- 14 7 — »7 oi

- I . 1 7i

- 12 .'Si — M 4}

- 18 7i

- *3 3 1 — '5 7

- * - I — 2

- ‘ — 14 3i- — 16 9i

- I 1 9i

- *5 31 — 17 1 it

- I 3 3*

- 16 33 — »92

- ‘ — I 4 JO

- 13 1 0 — 16 21 4

I 1 —

- >5 Oi — 17 7i

I 2 7}

- 16 U — 18 14}

- I 4 41

j — ! r- 17 4 I — 3

Dcalu

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Deals the hundred, containing fix score

- », in foreign ships

- , inches

- , in foreign ships

- , Being 13 feet in length, and under

20 in length, and not exceeding in thickness 2j inches

in foreign ships

3 inches

in foreign ships -, 3* inches in foreign ships

inches

in foreign ships -, 4 I inches -, in foreign ships

- ends, the hundred containing fix

score

- , Being under five feet in length, and

not exceeding in thickncis 2\ inches

TJ O i

(T

-, in foreign ships -, 3 inches -, in foreign ships 3I inches.

-, in foreign ships -, 4 inches -, in foreign ships 4V inches in foreign ships

- , Being; feet in length, and not exceeding S feet in length, and net exceeding in thickncis 2-} inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 3 inches

- , in foreign ships

- , 3 j incl.cs

- , in foreign ships

- , 4 inches

From Great Britain.

British.

i.

You XIX.

i:i foreign ships 4; i-Kl.es -, in foreign steps

L i

Ebenv

For.

ign.

"Y - [ 6

- 13 5 i i Cl-

i 7 io!

- _— »5 5 — 18

- i 3 2!

- *9 6}

- i 5 I 5

- * — *7 n| i i I

- i 7 Oj

- 93 I 2 6\

_ — —__ i 8 11!

- I — 7i i \ 4 i*

~ " I 11 0}

__rJ 2 3\_29

- 3 6

- 2 Si — 2

- 39

- 29— o D 2!

- 4 n

- 2 — 3 Ai

- '— - 4 5

- 3 — 3 8

- 4 8

- _— 3 U -1 3. 7

- 4 8

- 3 3i — 3 n|

- T- - 5 Oi

- 3 7 — 4 2|

- <— - 5 5

- 3 IO.T — 4 6

- 59i

- j" 4 4~ — 4 10}

- i — 6 3

133

From other A.D. Countries.

Chap. 8.

X. d.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

"3

C

o

INWARDS.

Ebony wood, the hundred weight ing 11 2lb.

If of Africa, and impo thence or from Great Britain, unmaiiu. faclured, fire.

Fire wood, the fathom

- , in foreign {hips

Fuftiek,

Logwood,

Red or Guinea wood,

Speckled wood,

Vide schedule C.

hundred, containing fix score — -, in foreign ships

- , for {hips, the mast

- , in foreign {hips

- , middle, the mad

- , in foreign ships

- , great, die mast

- , in foreign ships

Oars, the Jiufldred, containing fix score - in foreign ships

Spars, booms, the hundred containing 120 ----- s-----, in foreign ships

——, fimll, the 100, containing fix score

- , in foreign ships

- Cant, the hundred, containing fix

score -

- j, in foreign ships

Staves, viz. barrel staves, pipe slaves, headings, or other ftnvcs for making calks for every tiioufand, at fix score to the hundred

Sweet wood of the West Indies, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb.

Timber, the ton or load, containing fifty feet

- , in foreign ships

Trunncls, the tiioufand

Wainfcots, t lie hundred, containing fix score -

- , in foreign fl ips

'Wool, I

From Great Britain. British. j Foreign. iFroni ether j Countries.

£ ' d. k- / d. !, s- "

1 — j — 6 oh

- I — 1 - I l4i- — *9

- 8 Si — 8 51 —9if 11 a

- 4 '7 — 1 4i 1 y - I si.

- I 6i

- 2 I I. — 2 1 i± — 3 H

- 3 5*

- 6 1 ij — 6 11| 7 4 82

I — 2 1 — 2 1 3 U

1 8 ioa

- 5. 5 — 55 — 6oi — 7 A

d 1 — 2 4i 1 7- — 29

- 36

11 6 7 1 16 7 I 17 2|

- I 18 6

- 1 2. — . r 2 — 12

- 2 11|— 3 4i

- 1 11; — 1 11* — -2 2 j mm 0 n

- I 2i — 1 2* — 29 — 1 4*r

4 I loj 4 1 448

- 4 12 5

N

s

The thirty-ninth Year orge III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. Wool, of all forts, free. £ ' <1- Jr- ' i r- d.

"Dagger and quartern wire, the pound Iron wire, the hundred weight, containing - - 41 — 9i- ioi

M ci 11 alb. - - - And further, (except British) for — S Pi — S 91 — 6 pi

u o > O every one hundred pounds weight . Batten wire, the hundred weight, contain- ;*-1792 179

5-. £ ing H2lb. — ii 6} 3 n i 5 o}

Steel wire, the pound . 439IO

StrafDorough wire, the pound — — — IO — — IO

Virginal wdre, the pound - -"Cable yarn, the hundred weight, contain- — 4 m ~ 5 6 -5 7i

ing i ialb. - N , Camel or mohair yarn, the pound — i — 2 2j - 2 4?

containing sixteen ounces 3i 3i 41

C the pound Cotton yarn, s 2 — — 2

-rt ( of Turkey, the pound Grogram yarn, the small pound*, containing 2 2lZ

O < r- sixteen ounces r Raw linen yarn, Dutch or French, the 4 43 5

n c: pound — — — —-2 31

Seal yarn, the pound I — — —'

Scotch yarn, ‘the pound Spruce or Muscovy yarn, the hundred wt. — " I a -

containing iialb. Woollen and bay yarn, the hundred weight - 4 Ji — 46

containing U2lb. - - — 7- 7 8 -9-

r35

A.D.

1799-Chap. 8.

Note, An additional duty of six pounds per centum, to be paid on the full amount ^of the said duties, (except lu^ars), if imported by retailers or consumer*.

LI

;h i D e a.

J3C

a: d.

1799-"

Chap. 8.

TA? thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Eritifii.

£ d-

INWARD S.

H I D E S.

Buff hides, the hide - — 2 ioi

- hut if tanned, for every ten pounds

weight thereof, avoirdupois, a further duty of - - - if

Cow or ox hides cf Barbary, or Muscovy, the

hiac -

- , but ff tanned, for every ten pounds

weight thereof, avoirdupois, a further duty of - 1

Cow, ox, and horse hides, in the hair, (not American) the piece

- , tanned, (not American) the

piece

- , and a further duty for every

ten pounds weight, avoirdupois

Lofli hides, (not American) the piece

- , but if tanned, for every ten pounds

weight thereof, avoirdupois, a further duty of

Red, or Mufccvia hides, tanned, coloured, or un-coiouied, the hide

- , and a further duty for every

- lor

- I 2-V — I I

- i Ai n

ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois . And so in proportion for any greater or'lesser

quantity.

SKIN S.

i:Buck, or deer skins in the hair, the 1km

- , dteii.d, the skin

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdu pois - - - /

' Calf flans in the hair, the piece

- , raw, the dozen

Foreign.

r. s.

2 iCBr

- II

- II

I

- 10’

- 12’

- i i

- I 4<

- 11

- io

- ii

From ether Cou ntres.

r. x. d.

- 3 31, -

--m

- 13

-a—, tanned, the dozen

- , and fmther for every ten pounds

weight thereof, ir uirdupois -

Cordovant, of Scotland, the dozen

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Dog-fish skins for Hoteliers, the dozen

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

p

Fox Ain?, drefftd, the dozen

- ~ 37

- 8

- n

- IO

1 ----- II

- 3

- ii

- 4 i

- n

h 2 4i

- ii

- i 4 j -----11 i

i

- u£

- ii

- ii*

_ i

- 3^ -----8

- 11

- ai

- io

- i si

- ii

- 419

- ill

- aj

- ii

f— I 8

- 4)

- ii

- 3 3* 3 S*

Fcut

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule A.

' INWARDS.

Fox fl ins but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois -

G°st skins if raw and undressed, and imported in B itiih or Irish vessels, navigated according to law, i\ee.

- , of Barbury, or the East country, in

the hair,' the dozen skins

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

- , of England and Scotland, in the hair,

the dozen fleins

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

- ' , tanned, the dozen

- , and a further duty for every ten

pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Huss (kin9, for fleteners, the (kin

but if tanned, a further duty for

From Great Britain.

British.

d.

- II

jr. s. d.

- II

- 2

- II

every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, containing live score

dressed, the hundred, containing five

- 9i

- 11

- 4

- ii

- ii

score

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Portugal skins, the dozen skins

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight there6f, avoirdupois

Seal skins, if raw and undressed, and taken by the crews of vessels belonging to, and fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, aiil navigated according to law, free*

—, the (kin

- , but if tanned, a further duty for

(every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Shamois skins, the dozen

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Sheep skins, in the wool, for every ten skins

- , but if tanned, a further duty for

‘every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Spanish, Turkey, East India, Seville, or Cordo-vant ikins, the dozen skins

- , but if tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

Spruce skins, tawed, the dozen

- 2

- 4

- II

- 4 n

- 11

- II

4*

- ii

- 3 31

i

- ii

- ii

- 4 8

Foreign.

From other Countries

oV

- 2

- Mi

- 2

- 4

4i

8i

- ii

- 4 Si

- 11

r. s. d.

- it

- s s

- ui

- u

- Hi

- 2 7l

- 5 4?

- Hi

- s s

- III

- 1I

\— 3 3i

- ii

- ii

- ii

- 3

- 11

61

- ii

- 4 84

i U

84

’ — ui ----- ni

- ui

- i

5;

*37

A.D.

179

Chap.

- ii

- 5 5 Spruce

*38

7 ‘he thirty-ninth Fear George III.

A- D* Schedule A. 1799- From Great Britain. British. j Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 8. — INWARD S. '£ ' d. If- j. & d.

Spruce skins, but If tanned, a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois 1 - 11 ii 'Hi

Muscovia, or Danflc skins tanned, the dozen - - 1 1 1 - 4 81 — 55

y and a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois — ii -ni

L E A T HER. Eafil leather, the dozen 2 6 2| 2 6 2\ 2 13 II

Hangings, gilt, the piece —93? — i6 6'z I O I

—and a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois If ij 31

Leather for Masks, the pound to 10 11

and a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois — ij ij

HIDES and SKINS dressed in Oil, over and above all other duties. Hides of all forts, other than as herein after mentioned, for every pound weight avoirdupois - 2J 2? — n

Goat and beaver skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois - 3i ~ ~ 3? 3i

Calve skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois - 2 j 2| 2

Sheep and lamb skins, for every ten pounds weight, avoirdupois Si Si

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity. VELLUM and PARCHMENT, over and above all other duties*. Vellum, for every dozen skins 1 1 CN 6x 6j

Parchment, for every dozen skins 3r 3a 3*

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Note, An additional duty of six pounds per centum, on the amount of the duties, if imported by retailers or consumert.

Schedule

The thirty-ninth T'ear of George III. 139

A.D.

Schedule B. *799

Chap. b.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom, filled or unfilled, fuhjeCf to Aliens Duty, or otherwise.

No. II. A Table of the Drawbacks to be allowed on due Exportation of Wines, except to the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the Britishi Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

No. III. A Table of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of East India Sugars, and of all Sugars, not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or of the Manufacture of Great Britain, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof.

Schedule B. No. I.

For every Tun of Wine imported.

If not subjectrto Aliena Duty. -X~ —\ If subject to Aliens Duty.

Duties on Wines.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

I N W A R D S. £- ' d- £ ' d. £. s. d. '

French wines 54 7 2 50 12 56 4 11 52 6 8

Portugal and Madeira wine, Spa-nifli and Canary wine, and all wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily 35 2 2 32 14 0 1 1 36 7 9l 33 16 2

'Rhenifli wine 29 7 i4 26 19 71 1 3° '941 K> OO

All other wines 29 *8 41 2790? I 31 13 .41 I 29 - 7

No.e—An additional duty of six pounds fer ce to be paid on the full aniount of the said duties if imported by retailers or consumiN-s.

Mm2 Schedule

140

BA D.

799-

Chap. 8.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule B. No. II.

Drawbacks on every tun of wine exported, except to the British plantations.

J Drawbacks on Wines. c Not having paid Aliens Duty. Having paid Aliens Duty.

i Filled. Unfilled. j Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ ' d. i £ s. A £. s. £. s.

French wine 5o 7 2 479°* 511 8 1 48 2 3

Portugal and Madeira wires, Sp~-nilli and Canary wines, u:,<j all wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily 30 2 2 2i 4 0 29 *4 41 1 '27 16 2

All other wines 23 O I0| 21 12 11 239lojj 21 12 11

Sclfedulc B. No. III.

Duties.

Duties and Drawbacks on East India, and all

I

Foreign Sugars.

CJ

X C n

E e

<Jg

S o -

ts 5.2

5 c

cj

o *-

S O

v? V

o

r- 3 t'C-Q o

<n

o -n

rj

Us

U5 0

O CJ

-Ok-

5 -S o ovE

INWARDS.

Muscovndo, the hundred weight, containing 1121 b s.

White, the hundred wt., containing ii2-bs.

Refined, the hundred wt. containing U2lbs.

L

Sugars, the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof British money, according to the gross price at which fu.ch sugars shall have been publitkly sold at the East India Company’s sale in London.

Except from Great Britain On importation from Gt. Britain, and Irawback on exportation.

r £ s- d. £ s. d.

I 12 Ij? *911 !t

2934 2 5 3s

S <* iOj 4 >7 8* ,_I

40 19 3*

And an additional duty of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny on every hundred weight thereof, containing nalbs.

3 ' Schedule

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 141

A.D.

Schedule C. J,799*rt

Chap. 8.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein enumerated, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Plantations in America, or the Wert: Indies, whether imported directly from, the said Plantations or from Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

No. IL A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of this Kingdom therein enumerated, to the British Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. III. A Table of the Duties to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations in America, or Settlements on the Coast of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

No. IV. A Table of the Duties payable upon the Exportation from this Kingdom of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in America or the West Indies, and imported, from thence.

No. V. Tables of the Drawbacks on Callicoes, Mullins, and Teas, to be allowed on the due Exportation theceof to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa respectively.

No. VI. A Table of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof, to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. VII, A Table of the Drawbacks on Wines to be allowed . on the due Exportation thereof, to the British Settlements on the Coast of, Africa

Schedule C. No. I. Duty on importation front America or the West Indies. Duty 071 importation from Great Britain, a:id Drawback on exportation.

INWARDS. /imported with proper certificates, free. A flies. Pot \ r. or Pearl J but on failure thereof, the hundred £-\' d.

L weight Blubber, vide oil. Cochineal, free. VoXIX, N n — a 5k Coffee,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule C. No. L

inwards.

Coffee, the pound

Note, Upon saying down 3s. (A. for every hundred weight, and [retiring the remainder of duty, coffee in ay le wart hot ft d in like manner, and under the Jame regulations as tcbact oy fitly eel difo to 6J. per <ound ex rife duty.

Conpef ore, the hundred weight.

Furs, vide lk.ns.

f Ginger, the hundred weight, containing 11 lib.

Piamento, the peund-

Rice, the hundred weight, containing 11 2lb.

Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, the hundred weight Hemp and flax, free.

Hempfeed and flaxfce*d, free.

’ Cow or ox hides* tanned, the pound Elk, vide skins.

of horses, mares or geldings, in the hair, the

Duty on Importation from America or the West Indies*

t

u

-o

xpiece

-, tanned, she pound

Indian hides, undressed, the piece

Losh hides, the pound -

Raw or undressed, of {leers, cows, or other cattle* except horses, marcs or geldings, free.

Hops, the hundred weight

Indigo, free*

Iron, unwrought, Tig, or Bar iron, free.

Molasses, the hundred weight y

"of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in such shipping, the tun, containing 252 gallons

of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his Majesty's colonies of plantations, and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the tun, containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland, and like fort, of British or Irish filling, the tun, containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by (hippftig belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in such shipping, the tun, containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland* and like fort, taken by Clipping belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the tun, containing L 252 gallon* -

3

ri

O

<S

s

J3

u

O

ra

O

e

*3

H

CV. d.

- 6

- 9}

y

- II II

- 3i

- 7 u’j

- 6\

Duty on Impt rta-tion from Great Britain, and Drawback on Exportation,

jr s. d

- 7.’*

- *i 41

___ _____ o 4

- 2 g

- 7 'U

- 91

- 3i ----- it>J

6 8 81

- 33

- 13 a*

8 7.V

- >4 41

- le I

- n

1 iij

4 10 3f

- 2 I©£

- *3 S.V

- 11 5.1

1 5 4ij

- 11

—91

Pitch

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule C. No. I.

Duty on Importation from Ame rica or the West Indies,

INWARDS.

Pitch, and tar, the last, containing 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 3i\ gallons

Rosin, the hundred weighty

Rum, vide spirits.

Sago powder, or vermicelli, free.

Silk, raw, imported with proper certificates, free.

f Armin or ermin skins, undressed, the timber, containing forty skins -

Badger skins, undressed, the piece

Bear skins, white, undressed, the piece

Bear skins of any other colour, undressed, the piece

Beaver skins, of the produce of his Majesty's dominions in America, for every five score skins

Beaver wombs, the piece

Buck or deer skins, undressed, and buckl or deer skins, Indian half-dressed, the

(kin - - 3

Calabar skins, tawed, the timber, containing forty skins -

Calabar skins, untawed or undressed, the timber, containing forty skins -

Calve skins, tanned, the pound

Cat lkins, undressed, the hundred font

Coney skins, the dozen

Deer skins, vide buck skins.

Dog fish skins, undressed, the dozen

Dog skins, undressed, the piece

Elk skins, the (kin -

Ermin, vide armin.

Fisher skins, undressed, the piece

Fitches, undressed, the timber, containing forty skins

Fox skins, black, undressed, the (kin

Fox skins of all other forts, undressed, the (kin

Goat skins, tanned, the dozen -

Goat skins raw and undressed, free.

Hare skins, undressed, the 120 skins

Hufle skins, undressed, the (kin

Kid skins, dressed, the hundred, containing five score -

Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, containing five (core -

a

i

s

«o

a

a

GO

- 11 11

- 1 8%

- II 11

- 7r\

- II II

- 5

*—9Or

- S'i

- »i

- 2 Si

- i 11

4;

- 11 11

- 3 if

- i2

- aii

- ' 4t

- 3 nf 2 ip 7

- 4f

j 1 8

- 11H

1 69%

x — i«i

Duty an Importation from Great Britain, and

Drawback on Exportation.

£. s.

- 10 6|

- 1 8.V

- 10 i*

- 10 10

- 5 5

- H

- 2 2

I of

- IO 10

- 3i

- I TO|

- 2i

- 4t

- 1 4i

- 3 7t

2 14 2

- 4t

- tof

- 12 2?

- 6 9s

Lamb

Skins and Furs, vocal.

The thirty-ninth Year George III. Schedule C. No. I.

INWARDS.

Lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120

Lamb skins, dressed in allum, the hundred* containing 5 (core

Lamb Ikins, dressed in oil, the hund red containing 5 fcoie

Slink lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 -

Leopard skins, undressed, the piece

Lion skins, undressed, the piece

Martins or mnrtrons, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins -

Martins or martrons tails, undressed, the 1 20

Mink skins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 skins

Mink skins, untawed or undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins

Mole skins undressed, the dozen

Moose skins, undressed, the piece

Mufquafli skins, undressed, the hundred skins

Otter skins, undressed, the piece

Ounce Ikins, undressed, the piece

Panther skins, undressed, the piece

Pelts of goats, dressed, the dozen

Pelts of goats, undressed,the dozen

Pelts of all other forts, undressed, the hundred -

Racoon skins, undressed, the hundred (ki ns

Sables, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins

Sables tails, or tips of Sables, undressed, the piece

Seal skins, free.

Sheep skins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen Sheep skins, dressed in oil, the dozen Sheep skins, otherwise dressed, the dozen Squirrel skins, undressed, vide Calabar skins-Swan skins, undressed, the piece Tyger skins, undressed, the piece Weazel skins, undressed, the 120 Wolf skins, tawed, the piece Wolf skins, untawed or undressed, the piece JWolverbigs, undressed, the flJn

Spirits,

Dutyon Importation from A meii-ca or the West Indies.

s. d. £ /. d.

- 2 *‘i — 2 84

- »s io} — 6 3 f

2 3 8t 1 3 St

1 St — 1 43

- 7 si; — 69?

- 2 n* — 2 8 k

297 2 14 2

- 11 11 —' 10 IO

1 3 10 I 1 8

- 17 '03 — 16 3

- *t

- 2 "* — 2 84

- >4 — 13 64

- 1 6* ’ / 1 4*

- 3 9i — 3 4>

- 5 "4 — 5 5

- 2 ni — 2 84

- 1 Si — 1 4*

- 8 ni — 8 14

- 14 IO| — *3 6i

8 'it9z 2 6

- 7*3 — — 64

- 10J — — 9*

- 5 I. — 2 8*

: — a 8 i — 1 9l

- HU -

- 2 II. — 2 84

- i«i

- 8 i*i — 8 14

- 6 1 °T — & 2*

- 3 S>3 — 3 4>

Duty on Importation from Great Britain, and drawback on Exportation.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

*45

Schedule C. No. I.

inward s.

Spirits, rum or other spirits, the gallon

Duty oa Importation from America or the West Indies.

£ ' — 4 H

Duty cn Importation from Gicat liritam, and Drawback -on Exportation*

s. d.

4

A.D.

1799* Chap. 8.

And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of single spirits, an addirional duty for such spirits, to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for fiugle spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to single spirits of the fame denomination.

Sugars,

vocat.

Muscovado, the hundred weight, containing 112ib.

White/the hundred wt. containing 11 alb. Refined, the hundred wt. containing 11 lib.

Sugars, not being the growth of the British plantations, or of the manufacture of Great Britain, vide Schedule B. i

Bounties on export of sugars refined in this kingdom, vide Schedule F.

Tar, vide pitch.

Tirf, unwrought, free.

Tobacco, vide Schedule A.

- 18 ill

i ii 5

5 6 IOy

Turpentine, the hundred weight

e

iZ

"Of British or Irish fishing, imported in ships belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight -

j Of British or Irish fishing, imported in fbippinghe-I longing to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, con* L ‘taming twenty hundred weight

m6 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches, the mail - '

%n

8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches, the mast -

12 inches in diameter, and upwards, the mart

Cl

o

O

o

o

tjYards and bowsprits to pay as marts.

Brazil, or Fern imbuco wood, the hundred weight

Brayiiletco or Jamaica wood, the hundred weight -

Furtick, the hundred weight

Logwood, tive hundred weight -

Nicaragua wood, the hundred weight

Red cr Guinea word, the hundred weight

W cod, not otherwise rated, the hundred weight

But if for dyers use, and regularly imported, entered and landed, Lee.

All woo i for dyers use, imported from any place whatsoever, free.

" 2

2 ip 7

19Pi

- I 2

- 3 7r

- 7 H

- <5 3i

- 3 *°rt

- to'.

- II II

- I St

- 3

- 9t

- iS ii£ i ii j

5 6I0T

- 1

I 12 4

- 163

- i i

- 3 4/t

- 6 9}

Sapaa

146

A.D. 1799. Chap.

*The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule C. Nq. I.

u

INWARD S.

Sapan Wood, mahogany, or other wood, the pTO-du£t of any part of America, or the West indies, free.

Wood plank, wrought timber, except marts, yards, or bow fprits, unwrought timber or lumber, the growth or produce of America, or the West Indies, and imported directlyfrom thence, or from Great Britain, free.

Speckle wood, of the growth of Africa, which shall be imported from thence, for every hundred weight thereof -

and if imported from Great Britain

rBeaver, free.

j — , cut, and combed, the pound

(Cotton, free.

Duty on Importation from America, or the West Indies.

£. s.

- 4 9vfT

- 4 3/7

- 17 10J

Duty on Importation from Great Britain, and Drawback on Exportation.

fr

Schedule G. No. II.

[OUTWARDS.

Allum, the hundredweight, containing 11 2lb.

Fur, called grey rabbit fur^ or coney hair, the pound Glue, the hundred weight, containing Ii2lb*

Hides, calf skins, kid skins, tanned -or tawed, and not dressed in oil, and tanned ftieep skins tanned for gloves or bad, the hundred weight

Hides, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Flops, the hundred weight, containing 1 j ilb.

- The ton -

Ordnance, the Jiundred weight, containing 112lb.

Old iron, the ton

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

Wrought, viz.----- adzes, axes, hatchets, armour, bits, knives,

locks, fowling pieces, muskets, pistols, Tartars, stirrups, all -carpenters and gravers tools, jack work, clock work, and all iron mongers wares, perfectly manufactured, the hundred weight, containing iiilb.

Nails of all forts, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

Duty.

£. /. d.

- 34

- 10

- 6

I 1 3f

- 1 6

- 6

- I 6 6

- 6

3

Kids

<X'he thirty ninth Year of George III. Schedule C. No. II.

OUTWARDS.

Kick hair, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

Lapis calaminaris, the ton -

Lead, call or uncaft, the fodder, containing twenty hundred wt.

Lead ore, the ton -

Litharge of lead, the hundred weight, containing rialb.

Logwood, free.

-Parchment, the dozen —

"Caff fldns, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Black coney lkins, with or without silver hair, for every fix score skins

Goat skins, tawed, the hundred, containing fix score lkins

Goat skins, tanned withT for CVCTy flx score skins fumack, to resemble

Spanish leather, £ for every pound weight Pthe hundred, containing fix score .5 I --tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred

d <1 j \. wc’gii1

tanned for gloves or bafils, the hundred weight

v dressed in oil, the hundred weight -

tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight -

J tanned for Roans, and not dressed in oil, the hundred S*|weight.

3 Ldrefled in oil, the hundred weight -

Pelts, the hundred, containing five score

All pieces or parts of lkins, tawed or tanned, and not dressed in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

All pieces or parts of skins, dressed in oil, for every 20s. value

thereof on oath -

_And befules, the hundred weight -

£ C Hard,.the hundred weight, containing H2lb.

v}. C the barrel -

new, the dozen

old, the dozen -

Woollen cloth, white, called broad cloth, the piece

And also the several goods and merchandizes enumerated in Schedule E. (and not in this Schedule C. No. II.) are to pay duty respectively as therein mentioned.

c < LC

S I M

ca 1

U=

«C

n

Wool cards

1

Dutt.

'£' d.

- 22

- 2 j

1

I 8 o\

- 2 lof

i i 8

- io —

T- — 4i

- 2 Si

- 4 n

- 5r

- 10 if

- 5 3*

- 7 9*

- n 2'

3 7t

2 — 6 2* — 6 1 — — 6

- 3t

5

Schedule

Dutt.

d.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule C. No. III.

OUTWARDS.

For every gallon of single rum or spirits of the produce of the British colonics or plantations -

For every gallon of fmgle brandy, or geneva, or foreign rum

For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits, fmgle ——

For every gallon of rum or spirits, of the Britishi colonies or pLnta tions, above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to -

For every gallon of brandy, geneva or foreign rum above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to — — —x —

For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to - § ej-

_ r i

- Sfr

- 8/w

- 7 *T

- 8 IQj

V

’Schedule C. No.

o u t w A R

IV.

Dutt.

D S.

£ '

d.

Cotton wool, of the growth or produce of America or the West Indies exported from this kingdom in any other than British or Irish . Clipping, navigated according to law, for every 100l. value thereof - $ 19

And-so in proportion for any greater or l£fs value.

Beaver wool or wombs imported from the Britishi colonies or plantations in America exported from this kingdom, for every five score pounds weight thereof — — — ,j i

And io in proportion for any . greater or less quantity.

-Schedule

i

Teas, Callicoes and Mullins.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 149

A.D.

Schedule C. No. V.

DRAWBA CKS.

Duty.

/. d.

The whole duties paid on importation of callicoes and muslins to be drawn back on due export to any British settlement on the coast of Africa, within three years after the import thereof. j

But if exported without being printed, pa;nted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, there shall be paid over and above the import duties for every 100l. value thereof — — j 2 3 4

According to the gross price at which such goods shall have been publickly sold at the East India company’s sales, and so in pro-,* portion for any greater or less value.

I If exported to any British plantation in America or the West Indies, without being printed as aforesaid, so much of the im- port duties shall be retained upon every iocl. value thereof as {lull amount to — — - j j 2 19 7

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Cut if painted as aforesaid, and exported to the British plantations , in America or the West Indies as aforesaid, so much of the i>n-! port duties shall be retained upon every ocl. value thereof as shall amount to — — — I 5 2 1

j According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in'

L proportion for any greater or less value. j

'’The whole duty paid on importation of teas shall be drawn back on due exportation to any British colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, within three years after im-. portation thereof.

If exported to any British settlement on the coast of Africa, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every 100l. value thereof a6 shall amount to -

According to the gross price at which such teas shall have been publickly sold at the East India company’s sales, and so ill proportion for any greater or less value.

If the duties paid on the import of such teas do not amount to 131- ios. iod. for every such iocl. value, the exporter lh.ui pay a duty, which with the duties paid on inmost fhuli a nour.t j to the find sum of 13l. ros. rod upon every, such 100l. value, j

12 10 tO

J N

179 '>

Chap. S.

t p

25 ra%vI/acks

dS0

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

Schedule C. No. VI.

»799*

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies.

Having been imported in 13ri11iTi*|or Irish Shipping.

Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

| riik.i.

OUTWARDS. £ s.

French Wine ! ro 11 4 4

Rhenifli, Ger-

many or Hun- i

gary wine - r *0 12 14

Unfilled.|| Filled. Unfilled.

: r V ! £ x# w 1 £ ' d.

4 6 16 2 12 ! 47 iS 24 43 »95

?3 395 v 22 12 6 14* . 20 1 . 1 9*f

Portugal or Madeira wine,

iSpamfli and Canary wine, and all other j v incs of the|dominions of;

Spain, and the t wines of Na-pies anc Sicily - 3217

1

_ All other wines >27 7 10

i° 3 5 6\ j'31 24 18 -0 o

1 —

2 2

- 27 11 8 -

*‘\2393 I9vf

Drawbaclcj

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule C. No. VII.

*51

A. D*

1799-Chap. 8.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Having been imported in Britishf or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. 1 1 Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. C- s‘ £ s. d d. 1 *' *' d.

French Wine 35 '7 — *4 32 5 4 2 1 1 32 7 2 14 29 2 5

Rhenish, Germany or Hungary vines - 1* t 2 4j 8 12 IO 15.V 8 1 8 4« 5 10 2 19*5-

Portugal and Madeira wine, Spanifti and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily 12 8 II 6\ 2a96 6} 20 18 10 — «8 6 11 <S*

All other wines 7» >3 11 1 h 15 4 6 >9Tf li6 8 3 iT-T ,'3 15 4

Pps

Schedule

152 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

chip/ s. Schedule D.

A Table of the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, as are not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in the preceding Schedules A.B. and C, and not by any Law prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, or exempted from Duty.

All apparel, artificial flowers, millinery wares, fans, chip hats, wrought ivory, prints and pictures, furs, a! gilt, painted, bronzed and enamelled wares, threads, haberdashery, hardware, toys, laces of thread, cotton, worded or fdk, all spun cottun, thread or cotton tveift in ikains or hanks and not in cops, pickles, perfumery, and groceries of all kinds, (except sugars,) orange juice, not being for dyers use, tape, foreign linens, anti all manufactures of flax and hemp imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

And for -every square yard of foreign linen, a further duty of

All callicoes plain, and -nniflins worked or figured, but not printed or Itained, imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

And for every yard of such callicoes, a further duty of -

And for every square yard of such muslins, a further duty of

All muffin:, being worked or figured, but not printed or fl.lined, romals an i ail 01 her stuffs or manufactures of cotton, cr of cotton and linen mixed, whether plain, printed or flamed, except of tire manufuel:are of Great Britain, imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

Ami for every square yard thereof a further duty of - 1

Ah cl i:ra, crrfl cn, japanned or lacquered ware, and ;h drug-, except for dyers use, for every hundred pounds value upon ca:h

From Great Britain. British.|Foreign. From other Countries.

£ ' 1 £ '

II I I — \ 23 2 — 2 5 — 6

- 7i -- n

I I 11 — 7 i

7

I I I I 1396 — 19

- I Q

J17 6 6 28 17 6 . 1<5 —

All

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.Schedule D.

153 m

All. dice imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath

And for every pair thereof a further duty of

All foreign glass imported, for every hundred pounds value thereof upon oath

Provisions of all forts, not being groceries, including peas, potatoes, &c. for every hundred pounds value upon oath -

Paper hangings, for every hundred pounds value upon oath -

And a further duty for every square yard -

And for every ream thereof, not of the manu-

facture of Great Britain, a further duty of

P!ate of gold and silver, for every hundred jpounda value upon oath

And for every ounce troy weight, of gold or diver plate imported, a further duty of

All tanned hides and skins of what kind soever, and all parts and pieces thereof, not being manufactured, and not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every iool. of the value thereof upon oath -

And a further duty for every ten pounds weight thereof, avoirdupois

All tanned leather worked up into any manufactures, or manufacture whereof tanned leather is the most valuable part, imported in Irish or British ships, and navigated according to law, for every iool. of the value thereof upon oath

And a further duty for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois

All other goods, wares and merchandizes whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with duty, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof upon oath -

From Great Britain British. Foreign. From other A.D. Countries. j jQg.

£ ' d. 1 £. i Chap. 8.

1 II II — 23 .* — . 2J 6 —

- ii <S1 — K 6J — ii 6$

- 66 66

S *5 <5 5 »S 6 7 *4 —

II II 11 ii — «39

I. i —- n

- I 2* — I 2*

II II 11 II — 1396

ii / -7*

11 II — II II — 139

II — II Hi (

II II — II II — ‘39

H IJ 3i

(I u — If II — *3 9$

▼or* 3QX

Schedule

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule E.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Durr

15-4

A.D. 1799.

Chap. 8.

O U T W A R D S.

Arties of Irish wood, the last, containing twelve barrels — of all other forts, for every 20s. value on oath -

Bacon, the flitch

- not in flitches, for every 203. value on oath

ts r the barrel -

p )

( the carcase

Bones, vocat. ox bones, the thousand —» not manufactured, for every 20s. value on oath j Butter, good or bad, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

Calves valves, for every 20s. value on oath -

Calve skins, for every 20s. value on oath Cheese, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

Coney hair or wool, black or white, the pound

Fur called rabbits fur, grey the pound Furriers waste, for every 20s. value on oath

Geldings or nags, vide horses.

- Graves, or grease, the hundred weight

Guts, vocat. ox guts, the barrel

- of other animals, for every 2cs. value on oath

Hams, for every 20s. value on oath

Hearts and Ikirts, for every 20s value on oath

pllarts hair, the hundred weight, containing 1 12 lb.

rt ! Ilorfe hair, the hundred weight, containing iiilb. o '

-> Human hair, for every 2cs. value on oath vT

Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing 11 2lb.

Ox or cow hair, the hundred weight, containing i i2lb. Hartshorn, the hundred weight, containing tiilb.

Hemp feed, the quarter, containing eight bushcls

Raw and uatanned, into Great Britain, the hide

and untanned, to any place except Great Britain,.the

Hides,

{Raw at

Raw ai hide

6

- 6

- .2J

- ri

- 1 —

- 1 —

- 1

- 6

- 1

L /

!— 1 6

!— 2

- I

IlogS,

'The thirty-ninth 'Year George III. Schedule E.

Awards.

o u

Hogs or.pigs, the niece

lard, the hundred weight -

Of bucks, the hundred

Goats horns, the hundred weight, containing ufclb_Ox horns, the thousand -

g 4

f? j Of rams, the thousand Of iliecp, the thousand Stags horns, the hundred -

Tips of horns, the thousand ^Horn shavings, for every 20s. value on oath

Horses, mares, geldings or nags, into Great Britain,

Ilorfes, vocat.

or any English plantation, the piece

- M

- 2i

- 6

- 26

' I 7i ----- -9

1 .—

- 3 3

- , *into foreign

parts, the piece

Hoofs of all forts, for every 20s. value on oath

r Cloth, flaxen or hempen, free.

Linen, ’

( Rags, or flireds, the ton

Lin feed, or flax Led the quarter, containing eight bushels

Manures, vide soap boiler’s waste.

Oxen, cows or (leers, the head

Oyilers, in pickle, the small barrel -

Tigs heads, for every 20s. value on oath

Pork, the barrel -

Prcviflons of all forts, not herein enumerated or described, for every 20s. value on oath -

'Rape-feed, the quarter, containing eighl bushels

Sheep, the head -

"Badger skins, the piece -

Cat Ikins, the hundred

Calf skins, vide calve Ikins. "

Deer skins, the piece - ' —*

Dog ikins, the dozen

Fox'skins, the piece -

Goat skins, the hundred, containing fix score Hare fid ns, the piece

Kid Anns, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing fix score -

Kips and runners, for every 20s. value on oath -

Lamb skins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing fix

L fee re -

Ak.V, hi mb Jhhts, r.ml wool of lamb fins, mey be separately exported to Great Britain, and no lamb fin% whether /sink or Jlaugh!ered% from which the wool shall not have I ecu taken <Jfy shall le exported from tins kingdom, to any phue whuifexcri under the penalty of tlx forfeiture there f. O (] 2

Durr.

s.

A

0

*55

A.D.

1799-

Chap. 8.

5

3 —

6 6

- 1

1 —

1 6

1 —

- 6

- 26 -----04

4

- 3

~ H . — 04

10 —

1 —

- 10

M.irtco,

The thirty^iinth Year <?/ George III. Schedule h,.

<1

r

«r

c

13

co

-d

a

2

a

OUTWARDS.

Marteon skins, the piece

{raw the piece

fciwed, the piece

wombs, the mantle

black, with silver hair or without, the hundred, containing one hundred and twenty

t seasoned, the hundred, containing fix score

grey, < (tag, the hundred, containing fix score

I tawed, the hundred, containing fix score

tawed, or dyed into colours, the hundred, containing one hundred and twenty

Sheep skins, tawed with the wool on, the hundred, containing fix score

Pelts, drest or undreft, without the wool, the hundred, containing fix score

Sheep skins with the wool, the hundred, containing fix score Squirrel skins, the tjioufand Stag skins, the piece

Swan skins, the piece Wolf skins, the piece

- , tawed, the piece -

Shigs of horns, for every aos. value on oath Soap boiler’s waste and all other manure, (except lime) the ton Tallow, the hundred weight, containing i x 2lb.

Tanners waste, for exery 20s. value on oath Tongues, called neats tongues, the dozen

Tripes, for every aos, value on oath Tin unwrought, the hundred weight, containing iialb.

Wax, the hundred weight, containing iialb.

Weld, the hundred weight, containing iialb.

-q ( the ton

s, ri

\ For every pack of statutable linen yarn, containing four

Dutt.

d.

3

o*

t

6

I pets, the hundred, containing five score

Yam,

hundred pounds weight, at fix score to the hundred

- i 4

- 6

- 8

I

- i 6

- 2 6

6

- 34

i —

- 10 —

i 6

- 3

7 A 1 3

- io —

- 6

Schedule

The thirty'-mnth Year of George III.

A# D,

Schedule F. 1799.

Chap*

/ t —I, 4—^ A

A Schedule of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, therein mentioned, and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark, for Tanners Use,

I Bountt.

OUTWARDS.

4.

A o

-T rt S

§ a c

C -q e i3 o g

2*I

® ® J8

5 a

c§J*g

s e

fi is

g bo V

eg

T3 —

2

-CtJ S c gli "g

I -g .§

=3 s

-s 8f| . 8.8 a -s

2

"O Jz? V U *-» .2 O n

c S S y 5 °« gjs

=-|l s'S

3 H c <-» w

js § -a p u.

a* o o

For every yard thereof, under the value of 5d. which shall be exported from this kingdom to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar or Minorca - *» j o

For every yard thereof, of the value of $4.! and under the value of 6}d. which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid ~ o

For every yard thereof of the value of 6 'd. j and not exceeding is. 7|d. in value which’ shall be exported to any of the places afore- j said - - j

And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

The value of all such linens, callicoes and cottons, if printed, painted, stained. Ramped or dyed, or of such cottons mixed with lines, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the bounties aforesaid $ to be deemed their value when in a plain Rate, and exclusive of such printing, painting. Raining, Ramping, or dying.

Note—kentings and all fabricks made of linen or hempen yarn only, to be deemed and considered as linen.

e mi

O I

o «f

All manufactures of linen, chequed or RripeS, with any other material than linen yarn, of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, and of the value of 7d. the yard, and not exceeding is. 7i<L in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, for every yard thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

Where any of the aforesaid linens shall not be of the breadth of twenty-five indies they shall be entitled to receive the bounty after the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of twenty-five inches breadth or upwards.

mi

All manufactures of diapers, huckabacks, (heetings, or linens, up wards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding is. 7^d. the square yard, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid. for every square yard thereof -

And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

m

*1

VmujaX. Jt AB

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. Schedule F.

OUTWARDS.

All manufactures of fail cle.th or canvas fit for or made into fails, which shall be exported to any place, except Great Britain, for every three ells thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

and stuffs made of silk only, for every pound Qweight avoirdupois

~ 2 £ , Ribbons

gTS

£ -w r«

£ c 3 Silks and ribbons made of filie mixed with gold or Giver, for

r-' u‘- rJO I -

e\ery pound weight avoirdupois

£2 *rt Si'k flocking?, gloves, fringes and laces, and ditching or ~ sewing fnk, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of silk and program yarn, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

! Stuffs made of silk and worded, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of silk mixed with inkle or cotton, the pound

- weight

Fcr every hundred weight of sugar containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, refined in this kingdom, and exported to any place

Such sugars to be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net,‘that is to say, of one uniform whiten*.Is throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays firnc it was lad in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried in the dove.

i

- E

£ C

3 - U <£- C jr . r: v-

*3

S 'o rt

n

rt

*T3

O

Cu

B

o

V O Q,

C y

lu J2 < For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds of refined sugar called badard, and of all ground, powdered refined sugar, and all refined loaf sugar broken in pieces,

The fiaiu sugars having been twice clayed and pro- ' 'perly dried.

For every hundred weight of refined sugar called candy, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt and scum.

*T3

o

c

ec

o

rs

fcX)

Refined sugars called lumps, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly oried although wanting the small entl6 or-tips, shall be deemed complete.

JBooks unbound, imprinted on British or foreign*paper, ior every pound weight thereof avoirdupois

INWARDS.

For and upon every barrel of bark, or hemlock which shall be imported into this kingdom, from any country in Europe, except Great Britain -

For and upon every barrel of bark, or hemlock which shall be imported j into.this kingdom Stem America -

Bountt.

if- '

o o 6’s

030

o 4

o 1 3

008

0 o 6 01©

1 .-8 a

o 16 3

001

040

o 5 ©

mSdieduk

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

A Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise for and upon the several Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND Out IE S.

AUCTIONS.

- For and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase money arising or payable, by virtue of any sale at au£lron in this kingdom, of any interest in possession, or reversion in any freehold or leasehold of any lands, tenements, houses or hereditaments, and of any annuities, or films of money charged thereon, and of any utensils of husbandry and farming flock, ships and nrefiels, or of any plate or jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum of such purchase money, to be paid by the au£lioneer, agent, fa£lor, or feller by commission

For and upon every twenty shillings of the purchase money arising or I payable by virtue of any sale at au£lion in this kingdom, of furniture, fixtures, piflures, book?, horses and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatsoever, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum of such purchase money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, factor, or feller by-commiflkm

CARDS and DICE.

Tor and upon every, pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made/ manufactured, or vended in this kingdom For and upon every pair of dice, made, manufactured or vended in this kingdom

COACHES and CHAISES.

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calash or chaise with four % wheels, which any person shall have in his or her possession at any time between the 25th day of March 1799, and the 25th day of March 1800

- For and upon every chiifc with two wheels which any person shall k$ep.in his or her po Cl In on at any time between the 25 th day of March 1799, and the 25th day of March fZco Stage coaches, hackney coaches and chaises, and coaches, and chaises and other carnages kept by the maker for sale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, excepted.

Rra COFFEE

s.

o 3

o 1 t

O 10

13 13 C

2 0

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

COFFEE.

For tad upon every pound weight of coffee which lhatl be consumed in this kingdom, to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame I from the importer -thereof - - *-

GLASS BOTTLES*

For and upon every glass bottle which shall be made or manufactured \ in this kingdom, of common bottle metal (the fame not being phials) j for every quart which such bottle shall be reputed to contain, and (b 1 in proportion for any greater or iefs quantity, jiot being less than one pint, to be paid by the makers thereof -

LEATHER.

For and upon all hides and dkins, and pieces of hides and Iking herein after mentioned, which shall at any time or times, from and after the 25th day of March, 1799, until the 25th day of March, 1800, inclusive, be tanned within this kingdom, the several and respective] rates and duties following, that is to say;

For and upon every such hide and fldnf<or piece of any such hide and I (kin, of what kind or denomination whatsoever, other than such as are herein alter defetibed and mentioned, for every pound weight averdupois thereof, and after such rate for any greater or le$ quantity -

(For and upon all hides of horses, mares, or geldings, for every hide For and upon all Iking called veal skins, and all&ins of hogs, for every I dozen skins thereof and after the fame rate for any greater or left|number —

For and upon all skins for shoes and other like purposes, and on ai) I seal skins for every dozen thereof, and after the (amc rate for any greater or less number

For ^id upon all other skins for bookbinder9* use, for every dozen I thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or less number For and upon all goat skins tanned with fhumack, or otherwise, to I :TefembIe Spanish leather, and all .(heq> iking tanned for roans being after the nature of Spanish leather, for every pound weight averdupois thereof -

For and upon all sheep skins and Iamb Ikins tanned for gloves and ] bafils, fot every pound weight averdupois thereof, and proportionably for any greater or less quantity

f-

s 4

0 o

o

6

m

t

5

1 s

00a

o

The

5 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

LEATHER.

The said duties to be paid by the tanners of such hides and Ikins, and pieces of such hides and ikins respectively.

Tor and upon all hides and ikins, and pieces of hides and ikins herein after mentioned, which shall at any time or times* from and after the 25th day of March, 1799, until the 25th day of March, 1800, be dressed in oil in this kingdom, the several and respective rates and duties herein after expressed, that is to say.

For and upon every such hide and (kin, and piece of such hide and skin, of what nature or denomination whatsoever, other than such as are herein after described and mentioned, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -

For and upon all deer ikins, goat ikins, and beaver ikins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof For and upon all calf ikins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof. For and upon all iheep ikins and lamb ikins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof

And proportionately for any greater or less quantity of all such hides and ikins, the said duties to be paid by the oil dressers of such hides and ikins respectively.

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture tobacco in any manner, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a wholesale importer only, or a wholesale merchant only

And a further duty of 4l. for and upon every tobacco table exceeding one table, and not exceeding four tables, which any person manufacturing tobacco shall be licensed to keep.

For and upon every license to any person to deal in unmanufactured tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer thereof For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any city or town corporate, except importers thereof, or persons licensed to fell tea or groceries For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any part not being a city or town corporate, except as aforesaid -

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture candles or soap for sale

0 o

0

o

o

o

3

2

O O oi

o 10

i6z , A.D.

1799-Chap. S.

<Tke thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES. LICENSES.

For and upon every licensc to any person to fell or manufacture paper hangings for sale - t

For and upon every license to any person in any city or town corporate to fell tea or groceries by retail -

Fl r and upon every license to any person in any part of this kingdom, not being a city or town corporate,* to fell tea qr groceries by retail For and upon c\ury license to any person to fell or tap out cider by retail

For and upon every license to any p.rfon to fell or make any gold or f-lver plate for sale

For and upon every license to any person to keep a tan yard or tan pit, or tan leather for sale

For and upon every license to any person to dress hides and skins in oil For and upon every license to ary pet foil to make vellum and parch.

ment -

For and upon every license to any fadlor or person not being a distilier, felling home-made spirits, and not being otherwise licensed to fell spirits ..

For and upon every license to any person to keep a malt house, and make malt for sale, for each and every cittern or kiln in each and every malt-hotife in his or her pofiettion, in which such business shall be carried on - e

For and upon every license to any person to brew strong beer, or ale, or small beer for sale, for each and every brew-house used by such person

For and upon every license to any person to keep any coffee house , For and upon every license to any person to fell by audlion, within the district of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the castle of Dublin

For and upon every license to any person to fell by audlion in any other part of this kingdom

For and upon every license to any person to make glass bottles, and other vefTcIs or utensils made of common bottle metal For and upon every license to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, ci oilier trading person going from place to place, and travelling either on foot or with horse or other bcafl of burthen, or otherwise currying to fell or exposing to sale any goods, wares or merchandises; 3

£ '

I O ©

I O9

0 IO o

1 o o

I o o

1 o o I o o

1 O ft

2 0#

10 o ©

TO O O

2 0 0

t

I O O'

0 IO o

1 o ©

alf©

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. Schedule G.

INLAND DUTIES.

LICENSES.

also to travelling tinkers and caflers of iron and metal, and to persons hawking about tea or coffee for sale

And a further duty for every horse, ?.f$, mule or other bead bearing or drawing burthen which such person Giall so travel with or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her, or their goods, wares or merchandizes For every person hawking a\>out trees, IhruLs and plants for sale within the city of Dublin, or within five miles thereof For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any (land, flail, flied, booth or other place, not being a part of his, or in his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts or drawings For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being the maker or importer thereof, and not felling wine, spirits, beer or ale For every person who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any flail, died, booth, {hop or other place -

For every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof, for each and every house in which such business shall be carried on -

For every person selling spirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof, over and above all duties whatever

M ALT.

For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, wdnch shall be made in this kingdom, of barley, or of any other corn or grain, from the 25th day of March,' 1799, to the 25th day of March, 1800, inclusive, whether the same shall be or not be for sale,

And so in proportion for a greater or less quantity.

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

For and upon the several forts of paper herein after mentioned, which shall be made in this kingdom from the 2jth day of March, 1799,

to the 25th day of March, 1800, the several and respective duties

following, to be paid by the makers of such papers respectively

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper,

s.

Y

to

O I#

o t 6

tr

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Schedule G.

INLAND duties.

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

or that may be used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, and of all elephant paper, and all cartridge paper For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured papers, and whited brown papers other than and except elephant and cartridge papers, fit or proper for the use or purposes of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied so the uses or purposes of writing, drawing and printing, or either f them* and also except paper hangings -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing and printing, or either of them For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of pnper not herein before enumerated or described, other than, and except papers commonly called and known by the names of {heating paper, and button paper, or button board and paper hangings For every one hundred weight of paste board, mill board, and scale board -

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For every one hundred weight of glazed paper for clothiers and hot* prefiers -

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

PAPER HANGINGS.

For and upon every square yard of paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in this kingdom, to serve for hangings, or other uses, and so in proportion for &ny greater quantity, to lit paid by the printer, painter, or stainer thereof -

PLATE, WROUGHT.

For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or silver plate, which shall be wrought, made or manufactured in this kingdom And so in proportion for any greater or less weight.

£. s.

0 0 2

O O I

o O *

ooa

O IO o

050

o 0

0*6

SALARIES,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 165

A.D.

Schedule G, ciilp^s.

INLAND DUTIES.

SALARIES, PROFITS OF EMPLOYMENTS, FEES AND

PENSIONS.

For and out of every twenty shillings sterling which any person having at any time between the 25th day of March 1799, and the 25th day of March 1800 inchifive, any salary, profits of employment, fees or pensions in this kingdom, unless such person do and shall live and actually reside within this kingdom for and during the space of six calendar months at lead between the said time, the sum of - - »-

Except salaries, pensions, fees or profits of employment payable to any of the defeendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, and to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and to his or their principal secretary of date, and to the duke of Brunswick prince Ferdinand, and the duke and dutchess of Athol, the representative or representatives of the late Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, and to George Charles, esq. if his Majesty shall think fit by his sign manual to exempt them or any of them from the payment of the fame, and except to the officers of the army, so far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions, the half-pay officers on the establishment of this kingdom, and the widows of officers.

MALE SERVANTS.

£ a

For every male servant who shall be retained or employed by any person between the 25th day of March, 1799, and the 25th day of March,

1800, the sums or duties following

For one male servant

- For two male servants

For three male servants and upwards each

To be paid by the person who shall retain or employ such male servant or servants, and to be paid for every male servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following capacities, that is to say, maitre d’hote!, house steward, mailer of the horse, groom of the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confectioner, cook, house porter, footman, running footman. Coach-! man, groon^, poflillion, gardner, not being a day labourer, park-keeper, game keeper, huntsman or whipper-in, or by whatever name

0 if 4i

1 14 H

129

T t

or

The thirty-ninth Year George III.

Schedule G.

r

INLAND DUTIES.

MALE SERVANTS.

ov names male servants really a cling in any of the said capacities j shall be called, or whether such male servants shall have been, or shall be retained or employed, in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other business jointly with one or more of the same.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vitre, strong waters, or spirits . mule or distilled from malt within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker or difliller thereof For and upon every gallon of fpivits, made or distilled from mol a Acs within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker or difliller thereof -

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in this kingdom in any manner, to be paid by the person ma-. nufa(Timing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when the same shall be opened

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT.

For and upon all vellum and parchment which shall at any time or times, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, be made in this kingdom, the respective rates and duties herein after expressed, tha£ is to say,

For and upon ev^ry dozen skins of vellum For and upon every dozen skins of parchment

And proportionably for any greater or less quantity of such vellum and parchment, the said duties to be paid by the makers of such vellum and parchment respectively.

r.

3 7

o o 6 00,3

AN

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. IX.

An Act for ike Divifon of ike Barony of the of Carlow.

Monday the twenty fifth day of Manh, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine%

Royal Assent given*

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS the barony of Idrone, in the county of Carlow,

is of great and inconvenient extent, and rated in the coun- cfgrc it ex* ty books at twenty thousand five hundred and forty-nine acres, and it is expedient, for the more equal disposal of the public cess, vided: that it should be divided into two baronies, to be called and known by the names of the batonics of east Idrone and weft Idrone; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-thority of the fame, that from and after the passing of this act, so much of all that part of the said barony that lies on the east fide of the river atfie^Edl-Barrow, shall be separated from the red of the barony of Idrone, ward the

Barvow, shall and shall be deemed one entire barony, and shall be called the ba- be ca’led the

rony of ead Idrone, and shall be rated by the treasurer of the jdrone^and*

county of Carlow, in all presentments of public money, as con- rated as co«-

taining fifteen thousand four hundred and seventy-nine acres, and Tj','479 acre*,

no more; and that the remainder of the said barony, all of which the remainder

lies on the weft fide of the river Barrow, shall be deemed an en- (h^b^ony of

tire barony, and shall be called the barony of weft Idrone, and Idroie,

J '11 and ratC<^ 38

shall be rated by the treasurer of the county of Carlow, in all pre- containing

fentments of public money, as containing live thousand and fe- *°7°acrct*

venty acres, and no more.

167

A.D.

T7;9-

1 lie harot

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

v

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting to His Majest His and SucceJ-Jers, certain Duties and Dates upon tie For tape and Conveyance of all Letters and rackets within this

Monday the iivctit\ fifth day of March, cue ther/femf seven hundred ai:J nircfy-t.inrt

Royal sijfent given.

JOHN GATER, D. CLLR. PARL.

FOR the better supporr of your Majesty's government, and the convenience of trad*, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritinl and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty fifth day of March, one thcuf.md eight hundred, inclusive, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the pod mader-general of this kingdom, for the time being, and his deputy and deputies, servants and agents, to and for the use of his Majesty, his l.eirs and successors, to defnand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets which he shall convey, carry, or fend pod, to and from places wit!.in this kingdom, according to the several rates and sums of money herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the port and conveyance of every fmgle kt'er or piece of paper, from the office in this kingdom where such letter or piece of paper shall be put in, to any didance within the same not exceeding fifteen miles Iviih measure, the sum of two pence; and to any didance exceeding fifteen miles, and not exceeding thirty mils the sum of three pence; and to any didance exceeding thirty miles, and not exceeding fifty miles, the sum of four pence; and to any distar.ee exceeding fifty miles, and not exceeding eighty miles, the sum of five pence; and to any distmee exceeding eighty miles, the sum of six pence; and for the pert or conveyance of every double letter, double the said sums respectively; and for every treble letter, treble the said sums respectively; and for every ounce weight, four times the said sums respectively; and so in proportion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a (ingleletter; and that all letters and packets directed from any place in this kingdom to ary part or parts in Great Britain, or beyond the seas, or received in this kingdom from (lent Britan, or any part or parts beyond the seas, shall be charge! and pay for their portage and conveyance within this kingdom, from or to Dublin, Wateriord, or Dunaghadee, or any ether port where packet boats for the conveyance of Ic.Urs to and from this kingdom, are or may be established, as they shall respc>fllvv!y be flipped from or landed in any of the find places, according to the rates aforesaid; and :h it every letter or packet passing through the general pod-office in the city of Dublin, from any place within this kingdom not less distant than four miles from the general post-o.'Rce in the said city, to any place within the said kingdom not less distant than four miles from the general post office in the said city, shall be charged and pay according to the distances herein before mentioned, to Dublin; and be further charged and pay according to the fame rates from Dublin, and that for every letter or packet directed on board, or brought or font from on board any flip or vcJci riding or'stopping in any port within this kingdom, there 3 shall

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 169

shall be charged and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above # A.D. the rates aforesaid, the sum of one penny. I ygg.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Chap. I ©. Majesty's port master general of this kingdom, and his deputies, and he and they

are hereby required to demand and receive for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets for Ireland from Great Britain, or foreign parts, in addition to the rates of portage hereby reserved, such further rates of portage as now are or hereafter shall be charged for the conveyance of such letters and packets, by any act or acts now made, or hereafter to be made by the parliament of Great Britain; and that his Majesty's post-master-general of this kingdom shall, ami he is hereby authorized and required to account for and pay the same quarterly to the revenue of the poll-office of Great Britain; and that there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the delivery of every British or foreign printed newspaper, and for every printed vote or proceeding in parliament, arriving at the general poll-office in Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadee., or any other port where such packet-boats as aforesaid are, or shall be established, from Great Britain, without covers, or in covers, open at the fidg£, the sum of one penny, over and above the pollage which may be charged thereon, and accounted for to Great Britain; and in like manner there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the port and conveyance through this kingdom of every printed newspaper, directed from any part of Ireland to any part of Great Britain without covers, or in covers open at the fidef, the sum of one penny, and no more, which sum of one penny shall be paid on the delivery of every such newspaper at the pert office from whence it shall be uifpatched in this kingdom.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the post-maf-ter general for the time being, and his deputies, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and' ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, and no longer, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters an i packets conveyed by the penny port, according to the several rates herein after mentioned; tint is jo say, that for the port and conveyance of any letter or packet, not being more than four ounces in weight, from and to any place within the limits of the circular road about the city of Dublin, there shall be paid at the time of putting such letter or packet into the penny post office, the sum of one penny; and for the port and conveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding the like weight, from or to any place beyond the said limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from or to any place within the circuit of the penny post office, there shall be paid at the time of putting ii| such letter or packet, the sum of one penny, and a further sum of one penny on the delivery thereof; and that for every letter or packet of any weight which shall be sent to, or delivered from the general penny port-office by the penny port, from or to any place not being within the said limits as before afee tained, there shall be paid the sum of one penny over and above and exc!uf:\e of the several rates chargeable thereon.

IV. And be it enacted, That every bill of exchange, merclnnts-accotmt, invoice, or bill of lading, writ, process, or proceeding at Jaw, written upon the Came sheet, or piece of paper with a letter, and every letter to or from several or dirtincl persons, written upon the fame sheet or piece of paper, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for as so many several or diilincl letter^, according to the several rates cltab-lished by this act, or hereafter to be established by any act to be passed in this king-dotn relative to the portage of letters within die fame.

And whereas patterns of cloth, silk, ftu:F, and finr.II samples of other forts of goods, are frequently enclosed in a single letter or piece of paper, and fcr.t by he port; be it enacted, That for every single letter or cover cndorfcJ on the ouefide Voj. XIX4 U u *< pareras/*

170 'The thirty;-ninth Year of George III.

" patterns," containing one or more paper or papers with patterns, or containing 1799. °nC or more Pattcrn or Pattctns of cloth, silk, or (luff, or one or more sample of Chap. 1 o. ^amP^cs of any other fort of goods, and containing no other writing, matter, or thing, save only what appertains to such patterns or samples, if the fame together do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable for a double letter by this act, or by any act to be passed in this kingdom relative to the portage of letters within the same, shall be paid, and no more.

VI. And be it enacted, That tire postmaster general for the time being shall cause an account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majesty, hU heirs and successors, by virtue of this act.

VII. And be it enacted, That the net revenue and monies arising by the rates and duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors after paying all charges, out-goings, diibur foments, expences and faiar>€9 necessary for the receipt and management of the fame; and all expences attending the said office, and the due execution of this act, shall be paid into his Majesty* exchequer in this kingdom, in such manner, and at such time and times as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being shall direct and appoint.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in case the pofl-master-general, or any perfoit concerned in the execution of this act, shall neglect or refuse to perform any matter or thing whatsoever, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; or if they or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert, or misapply any of the monies by them, or any of them, collected or received by virtue of this act, contrary to the true meaning thereof, then and in every such cnrc every person £0 offending shall forfeit his office, and be incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or place of trust or profit, and shall be liable for every such offence Co pay treble the sum so embezzled, diverted or misapplied.

IX. And be it enacted, That neither the sixpence per pound* nor any other fee shall be payable to or be deduded or received by any officer or officers of this kingdom, to his or their use, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs asnd successors, or of any payment to be made in purftiance of this act, but that the same shall be account* ed for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it enacted, That no fetters or packets lent by the port to or from any place or places whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of postage according to the rates established by this act, other than and except such letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under such re-iflridions as are herein after declared and enacted concerning the same; that is to say, all letters and packets not exceeding the weight of two ounces, and not

coming from any foreign place or parts beyond the seas, and sent from and to any

( place or places within this kingdom during the fitting of any sessions of parliament,

t or within forty days before, or forty days after any fumnoons or prorogation of the fame, which shall be signed on the cutfide thereof by any member of either of the two houses of parliament in this kingdom, and whereof the whole superscription shall be of the hand-working of such member, and shall have endorsed thereon, in the fame hand-writing, and on the same side with such superscription and signa* turc, the month and the day q{ the month and year when the same shall be put into any post^oflice of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the post, the day and— month to be in tverds at length; and shall also have endorsed thereon, in the same hand-writing, the name of the poll-town from which the fame is intended to he sent.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

171

A.D.

XI. Provided always, That no such letter or packet shall pass free of the duty of pottage, unless the member directing the same shall have actually been in the 1799* post-town, or within the districf or delivery of such post-town, where such let- Qfoap. 10. ters or packets shall be put. in to be forwarded by post on the day of the date superferibed on such letter or packet; and also except all letters and packets not exceeding the like weight which shall, during the lilting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, be directed from any place in this kingdom to any member of either house of the parliament of this kingdom, at the place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at any of his usual places of residence, or at the house of parliament of which he is a member.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no member of either of the said two housea of parliament shall be entitled or allowed to field by the post, free from the duty of pottage, superferibed or directed by him, more than ten letters in any one day, nor shall be entitled or allowed to receive by the post, free from the duty of pottage, more than fifteen letters directed to him in any one day.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever the number of letters or packets, not weighing more than two ounces each, sent or received by any member of either of the two houses of parliament, in any one day, shall exceed the number exempted by thi$,act from the duty of pottage, and the rates of pottage os the said letters or packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ, then such of the said letters or packets as would be chargeable with a higher rate of pottage than the remainder shall be included in the number so exempted, in preference to any which Would be chargeable with a lower rate of pottage, and the remainder of such letters or packets shall be eh rgcable with the several rates of pottage, respectively, to which such letters or packets would be chargeable if sent or received by any persons not entitled to £bnd or Teceive letters or packets free from the duty of pottage.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of pottage any letters or packets from and to any place within this kingdom, «}irected to his Majesty's lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the lord high chancellor, the speaker of the house of commons, the lord high treasurer, the commissioners of ilie treasury and their secretary, his Majesty's adjutant-general for the time being in this kingdom, his Majesty's principal secretary of state for this kingdom, the chief secretary of such lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of Uifter and Munster, the under-secretary, assistant under-secretary for the law department of the chief secretary’s office, and first clerk of the civil department in the said chief secretary’s office, the mnder-secretary and first clerk for the military department of the office of such chief secretary, the quarter-matter-geneva!, the chief commissioner of the barrack board, or to his Majesty's post-master-general of this kingdom, the secretary of the said general post office, the comptroller of the sorting-office in the said general-post office, and the furvevors of the said post office, the clerk of the parliament, and the clerk of the house of commons, all for the time being, or any letters or packets sent by any of the said officers for the time being, from and to any place within this kingdom, which shall relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own private concerns only, and shall be signed, superferibed, and dated on the outside of such letters as aforesaid; and in case any such officer shall receive under cover to him, with inrent to evade the payment of any of the rates granted by this a£, any letters or packets intended for, or directed to other persons, every such officer is hereby authorized and required to fend the fame lo the general-post office in Dublin, in order thapt such letters anil packets may be

U u 2 charged

if 2 7 he tiirtyv.ir.thTear George III.

A.D.

charged with the duty cf podage payable thereon, it being the true intent and in can-1 799* jllS a(^ t'iat t^ie privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets by such

Chap. IO. °^ic"rs> shall extend to such dctters and packets only as relate to the businessof their

- respective offices, or their owp immediate ard private concerns, or to charge with the duty of podage any letters or packets font from the general pod-office in Dublin, and which shall appear by an enderfement made thereupon by fomeperson or persons* net exceeding two in number, authorized under the hand and seal of the pod-mader-' general of this kingdom for the time being, to be on his Majesty's service, and ilial!

be sealed with the fe d of the said general pod-office, which person or persons are hereby (briefly forbid so to tndcrfe and seal any letter or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they shall receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which they shall tlxmselves know to concern the business of the pod-office; and if any person or persons authorized as aforesaid, under the hand and seal of the said pod mader general, shall knowingly make and subscribe such endorse-ment, or procure the same to be made on any letter or packet which does not really concern the business of the said general pod-office, he shall for the fird odence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, and for the second odence shall be difinifled from his office.

XV. And be it enacted, That all covers containing muder-affidavits from the cut-pensioners of the royal hospital, and sent from any place within this kingdom, di-

rested to the regider of the said hospital, shall be delivered to the said regider free of the duty of podage; provided that every such cover shall be unsealed and shall contain no ether enciofure save /nd except the said muder-affidavits, and that ail printed receipts for the pay of such out-penfiotiers made up as a Utter, or cover of a letter, and directed with the wonkr To out-pctfwtier cf

the rcyal-hspital; being printed thereon, and sealed with the seal of the paymader of the royal-hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of podage to such out-' pensioners within this kingdom to whom they shall be respectively directed $ provided such printed receipts shall not contain any enciofure*, and if any such receipt, cover, or muder-aflidavit, shall be found to contain any enciofure whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in that case, every such receipt made up as a cover or letter, and every such cover or muder-affidavit shall be charged and liable to treble the duty of podage, according to the rates edabliffied by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for certain persons who by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain, have heretofore lent or received letters and packets free from the duty of podage, by virtue of, or under any act or acts of the Britishi parliament, to feqd ami receive by the pod, letters and packets from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from any part of Ireland to Great Britain, free from the duty of podage, subject nevertheless to such limitations and restrictions as persons in this kingdom, who, by virtue of their employments or offices, are permitted to send and receive letters and packets free of pudaee, aie subject and liable to by this act.

XVII. And whereas frauds may be practised in fending covers, letters, and packets by pod, d:rested to members of parliament, and other persons privileged by this act to.receive letters and packets free of the duty of podage, containing letters and paekes intended for others, and not intended for such members or ether persons to whom such,covers, letters and packets are so directed, whereby the persons for whom such letters and packets are really intended may receive such covers, letters, and packets, free froyn the duty cf podage, to the injury of the revenue; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

post-

*1The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 173

post-master-general, and all persons acting under this act, to charge the whole of A.D. such covers, letters, and packets, with treble the duty of postage, according to the ljgg, rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- Cll'ip. IO, (landing. v—

XVIII. Provided always, That if it shall appear by the certificate of such member, that such cover, letter, or packet, so charged, was actually intended for such member, or for fume of his family, and not covering a correspondence to any person not resident in his house, that then, and in every such case, the postage so charged and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of postage any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers being sent by the poll without covers, or in covers open at the Tides, which shall be signed on the outside thereof by any member of parliament in this kingdom, or which shall be directed to any such member, at any place within this kingdom, whereof he shall have given notice in writing to the post master-general of Ireland, or which shall be sent by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's post-master-general, who shall be thereunto licensed by the fai3 post-master-general respectively, provided such newspapers shall he so folded as that the stamp thereon shall be visible, but that all such votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed new spapers, so sent and signed as aforesaid,

shall be received free of the duty of postage.

XX. Provided nevertheless, That no such printed newspaper fh.dl pass free of postage from the general post office, pursuant to any such notice, or from any other post office in this kingdom, unless such newspaper shall be put into such post-offices of the cities or towns in which such newspapers shall be printed respectively, two hours at the lead before the time of the post being dispatched therefrom.

XXI. And whereas it is expedient, That the non-commissioned officers Teamen, and privates employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery and marines, should, whilst on service, be permitted to send and receive Tingle letters by the post on their own private concerns, at a low rate of postage, Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no single letter sent by the post from any non-commissioned officer, Teaman, or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, shall, whilst such non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private respectively, shall be employed on his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable by virtue of any act of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of postage than the sum of one penny for the conveyance of every such letter, such rate of postage of one penny for every such letter to be paid at the time of putting the fame into the post-oflice of the town or place from whence such letter is intended to be sent by the post.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That no letter or letters sent by the post from any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery or marines, shall be exempted from the payment of the rate of postage chargeable upon letters according to the law's now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter, in the hand-writing of, and signed by the commanding officer for the time being, of the ship or vessel, or of the corps, regiment or detachment to which each non-commissioned officer, Teaman, or private employed in his Majesty's service shall respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment, or detachment commanded by him.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no single letter sent by the post from any non commis-

' . y "*

174 The thirty-ninth of George III.

' ’ ' ' . * - < 1 ;#r , '; , - w 4

A.D. ' fioned officer, seaman or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia,

I 799. fcncible regiments, artillery or marines, from any part of Great Britain to Ireland, Chap. 10. whilst such non-commissioned officer, seaman or private respectively shall be employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable with any rate of portage whatsoever, in case a duty of postage of one penny G\a!l have be^n paid thereon in Great Britain; provided that no letter or letters sent by the port from any such non-commissioned officer, seaman or private shall be exempted from the rate of postage chargeable upon letters, according to the laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter in the hand-writing of, and Ggn-, ed by the commanding officer for the time being, of the ship or vessel, or of the corps, --regiment or detachment to which such non-commissioned officer, seaman or private employed in his Majesty's service shall respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment or detachment commanded by him.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no single letter sent by the port directed to any non conimif-(ioned officer, seaman or private employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery or marines, upon his own private concerns only, whilst such respective non-comjmlhoned officer, seaman or private shall be employed in his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or charge, ble by virtue of any act of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of postage than the sum of one penny for each such letter, which sum of one penny shall be paid at the time of the delivery thereof.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That no such letter shall be exempted from the rate of postage chargeable upon letters, according to the laws now in foret, unless every such letter shall be directed to stich non-commissioned officer, seaman or private employed in his Majesty's service, specifying the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company or detachment to which he may belong: And provided also, That it shall not be lawful for the post-master of the town or place to which such letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such letter to any person except to the non-commissioned officer, seaman or private to whom such letter shall be directed, or to any pexfon employed to receive the same, by the commanding officer of the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, eompany or detachment, to which the non-commissioned officer, seaman or private to whom such letter shall be directed, shall belong.

XXVL. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's post-master-general of this, kingdom, or any of the officers employed under ;him, to examine and search any packet sent within a cover, or in a coyer open at the (ides, in order to discover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatsoever be enclosed or concealed, in or with such printed votes, proceedings or printed newspapers > and in order to discover whether such printed newspaper shall have been duly stamped, and in case any letter or paper, or thing whatsoever shall be found to be enclosed, written, or concealed, in, on or with such printed votes, proceedingt in parliament, or newspapers as aforesaid, or in case there shall be any writing /other than the superscription of such printed votes, proceedings in parliament or newspapers, or any of them, or on or in the cover thereof, the whole of such packet shall be charged with, treble the duty of postage by this imposed \ and in case any such newspaper shall appear not to have been duly damped, every such officer is hereby required to (lop the fame, and fend it to the commissioners of the ftaqsp duties at their office in the city of Dublin.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever within this kingdom, shall forge or counterfeit the seal or hand writing, or make use of the name of any person whomsoever, in the superscription of any letter or packet, to be sent by the post in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, or (haR

forge.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 175

forge, counterfeit or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered. A, D the date, place, or any other part of the superscription of any such letter or packet, 1799. of shall write or cause to be written or sent by the poll, any letter or packet, the Chap* 1 O* superscription or any part whereof shall be forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, knowing the same to be forged» counterfeited, or altered, or if any person or persons within this ktngdom, shall forge, or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any certificate of any member of either house of the parliament of this kingdom, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of fending letters free of the duty off postage, in order to have the postage charged upon any cover, letter, or packet veffunded; every person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall for the fieft k>ffence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and for the second offence the sum of quc hundred pounds, and for the third offence shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be transported for fevsn years; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for '

his Majesty's post-master general of this kingdom and his deputies, and all persons acting under this act, to charge any letter or packet, the superscription whereof, Qr any part whereof shall appear to be forged or counterfeited, or altered, with* treble the duty of postage, payable by virtue of this act^ which duty shall be levied and paid, unless the member of either house of parliament, or other privileged person whose superscription it imports to be, shall certify by writing under his hand, to the post-master-general, or his deputies, that such superscription and every part thereof is of his hand-writing.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any collector or receiver, ferryman, or 'Other person whatsoever appointed or entrusted, or employed to take or receive the ' tolls or rates* at any turnpike gate, or bar erected upon any highways, bridges, or pod roads, or at any ferry, or any person who has or shall have the care of any gate of any walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall demand and take any toll or rate for the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, or rider, guard, servant, or other person, horses or carriages conveying or employed to carry any mail, or bag of letters in this kingdom, passing through, Over or across the fame, or shall not permit and suffer the horses and carriages, together with the coachman,

*post-boy, express-boy, or rider, guards, servants, and other persons so employed to pass through such toll-gates, bars, or gates, and across such ferries without delay; dr if any ferryman shall not within the space of fifteen minutes after demand made,

in all possible cases, convey the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, and other persons, together with the horses and carriages, employed as aforesaid, across such ferry to the usual landing place; or if any person having the care of any gate of a walled town, or the 'custody of the keys of such gate, shall not

Within a quarter of an hour after demand made aloud at such gate, open the fame and admit the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, or other persons, together with the horses and hotfc carriages employed as aforesaid, such offender or offenders being convicted thereof by the oath of such coachman, post-' boy, express-boy or rider, or any other credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace within the district wherein such offence shall be committed, which oath every justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings to be paid to the informer, and

if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every such justice, and he is hereby required to commit the offender to the house of correction, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time not exceeding the space of twenty-one days, nor less than fourteen days from the time of commitment, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be fooney paid.

176 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A. X).

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the post-master-general shall 1799. cause an account to be kept of all tolls, payable on four-wheeled carriages carrying or travelling with his Majesty's mails at the several and respective turnpike gates through which the same shall pass, and shall from time to time cause the amount thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads to whom the same are reflectively payable, by four quarterly payments, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstaniling.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, disabiliues, penalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of the fame matters and things contained in an act made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the said general polt-office, and the said office trailed the penny-pelt oflke, entitled. An act for eUablifhhig a post-cjice within this kingdom \ and also contained in an act made in the twenty-eighth ye r of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act pajfd in the twenty-third and twenty fourth years of his Majestys reign, entitled, An act for efiab-lifting a post office within this kingdom; and also contained in an act made in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to further explain and amend an act passed in the twenty third and twenty fourth years of his pr sent Majestys reign, entitled, An act for efablifoing a poflff*? within this kingdom, and to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his present Mcjifys reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty fourth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for establishing a offfee within this kingdomj and not herein, or by any other act passed in this kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated, and re-enacted in this present act.

CHAP. XI.

An Act for the Suppression of the Rebellion which fill unhappily

exifs within this Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties oj His Majesjs faithful Subjects within the same.

Monday the twenty-fifth day of March} one thousand seven hundred, and ninety-nine,

Royal Assent given,

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a traitorous conspiracy for the subversion of the W authority of his Majesty and the parliament, and for the ' dcftru£lion of the established constitution and government, hath unfortunately exiiled within this kingdom for a considerable time, and hath broken out in acts of the moil daring and open rebellion: And whereas his excellency earl Camden, then lord lieutenant general and general governor of Ireland, did, on the thirtieth of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by and

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 177

with the advice of the privy council of this kingdom, issue his A.D. most direct and positive orders to the officers commanding his Ma- *799-jesty’s forces, to employ them with the utmost vigour and decision for the immediate suppression of the said rebellion, and did by his proclamation of the fame date, by and with the advice of the privy council, notify the fame: And whereas notwithstanding the said orders so issued as aforesaid, the said rebellion did very considerably extend itself, insomuch that large bodies of armed traitors did openly array themselves, and make the most daring and violent attacks upon his Majesty's forces, and committed the most horrid excesses and cruelties on the properties and persons of his Majesty's loyal subjects: And whereas for the more effectual suppression of the said daring and unprovoked rebellion, his excellency the said earl Camden did, on the twenty-fourth of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, by and with the advice of the privy council, issue his orders to all general officers commanding hi*

Majesty's forces, to punish all persons atting, aiding, or in any manner assisting in the said rebellion, according to martial law, either by death or otherwise, as to them should seem expedient, for the punishment and suppression of all rebels in their several districts; and did by his proclamation of the fame date, by and with the advice of the privy council, notify the fame: And whereas his excellency the said earl Camden did by message duly communicate his said orders and proclamations, notifying the fame respectively to the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons then in parliament assembled, who did by their addresses to his excellency express their cordial acknowledgments for his said messages, and their entire approbation of the decisive measures so taken by his excellency, by and with the advice of the privy council, however deeply they lamented the necessity by which they were dictated, and the said lords spiritual and temporal and commons did by their addresses pledge their full engagement of support of every measure of firmness and vigour which might be necessary for the speedy and effectual suppression of the said rebellion: And whereas by the wife and salutary exercise of his Majesty's undoubted prerogative in executing martial Jaw, for defeating and dispersing such armed and rebellious force, and in bringing divers rebels and traitors to puniffitnent in the most speedy and summary manner, the peace of this kingdom has been so far restored as to permit the course of the common law partially to take place; but the said rebellion still continues to rage in very considerable parts of this kingdom, and to desolate and lay waste the country, by the most savage and wanton violence, excess and outrage, and has utterly

1.78 The thirty ninth Year George III.

A.D.

set at defiance the civil" power, and (topped the ordinary course of 1709. justice and of the common law therein: And whereas many persons who have been guilty of the most daring and horrid acts of cruelty and outrage, in furtherance and prosecution of the said rebellion, and who have been taken by his Majesty's forces employed for the suppression of the fame, have availed themselves of such partial ' restoration of the ordinary course of the common law to evade the punishment of their crimes, whereby it has become necessary for parliament to interpose; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament The lord assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after Issueord* to Pa^inS of this act> shall an^ rnay be lawful to and for the officers and lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king-ther"hession, S dom, from time to time, during the continuance of the said re-whetherthe hellion, whether the ordinary courts of justice shall or shall not-at

COUltS of justice are open such time be open, to lliue hit or their orders to all officers com-th'manifing his Majesty's forces, and to all others whom he or they

gorous means for supp re fling the rebel11 on, and to punish perfi nt>< (Till, ing in fur-thcrance of said rebellion, according to martial law.

courts martial to be assembled and constituted in such manner aslc*fd lieut. (tail direct.

shall think fit to authorize in that behalf, to take the most -vigorous and effectual measures for suppressing the said rebellion, in any part of this kingdom which shall appear to be necessary for the public safety, and for the safety and protection of the persons and properties of his Majesty's peaceable and loyal subjects, and to puniffi all persons acting, aiding, or in any manner assisting in the -said rebellion, or maliciously attacking or injuring the persons or ;properties of his Majesty's loyal subjects, in furtherance of the fame, according to martial law, either by death or otherwise, as -to them shall seem expedient, for the punishment and suppression of all rebels in their several districts, and to arrest and detain in custody all persons engaged in such rebellion, or suspected thereof, and to cause all persons so arrested and detained in custody to be brought to trial in a summary manner, by courts martial, to be assembled under such authority, and to be conllituted in such man* ner, and ot fu£h description of-persons as the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors shall from time to time di-red, for all offences committed in furtherance of the said rebellion.

whether such persons shall haVfe been taken in open arms against his Majesty, or shall have been otherwise concerned in the said rebellion, or in aiding, or any manner assisting the fame; and to execute the sentences of all such courts martial, whether of death

or otherwise, and to do all other acts necessary for such several -purport-?.

II. And be it enacted, That no ad which shall be done.in pursuance of any order which shall be so issued as aforesaid, shall be

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.'

questioned in his Majesty's court of King’s bench, or in any other court of the common law.

III. And in order to prevent any doubt which might arise whether any act alledged to have been done in conformity to any orders so to be issued, as aforesaid, was so done, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, to declare such acts to have been done in conformity to such orders; and such declaration, signified by any writing under the hand of such lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, shall be a sufficient discharge and indemnity to all persons concerned in any such acts, and shall in all cases be conclu-live evidence that such acts were done in conformity to such orders.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all officers, non-commis-iioned officers, and soldiers, who shall act under any such orders as aforesaid, shall be responsible for all things which shall be done under such orders to such courts martial only, by which they shall be liable to be tried, for any offence against the articles of war, under any ad then in force for such purposes and such courts martial shall have full and exclusive cognizance of all. matters and things which shall be objected against such officers, non-commissioned officers and soldiers, respectively; and ail proceedings shall be had thereon in the same manner as for offences against the articles of war, and not otherwise: and the court of King's bench', <or any other court of justice, civil or criminal, shall not take cognizance of any ad, matter or thing, which shall be done by any such officer, non-commissioned officer or soldier, in pursuance of this act; and if any proceeding shall be had in any such court against any such officer, non-commissioned officer or soldier, for any such ad, matter or thing, by indictment, action, or otherwise, all such proceedings shall be flayed by summary order, on application to the cdbrt wherein they shall be had.

V. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be detained in custody under the powers created by this act, shall sue forth a writ oi.habeas corpus, it shall be a good and sufficient return to

such writ, ’that the parly suing forth the fame is detained by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of foine officer, or other person, duly authorized by the chief governor or chief governors, for the time being, to issue such warrant under the authority of »this act; provided nevertheless that the name of such officer, or other person so authorized as aforesaid, to issue such warrant, shall have been previously notified by the chief governor or governors, or his or their chief secretary to the court of King’s bench, by

Y j 3writing

Acts done in pursuance of such ordect shall not be questioned.

Declaration of lord Lieut. in writing, that a£anave been done under such orders, shall be sufficient for person* concerned.

Officer* and soldiers shall be responsibte to courts martial only, for acts under such orders; and shall be tried as for offences against article* of war; and no court, civil or criminal, shall take cognizance of any thing done in furtherance of this act.

When a writ of habeas corpus shall foe forth, it shall be a sufficient return that the party is detained by warrant of a person authorized, whose mine shall be previously notified by lord lieut. or fee. to K. bench; and then the body need no* bebrouglu UJ>.

i3o

A.D. 1799.

This act shall not ab-i'-lge his Maj city's power of resorting to martial law; nor powers veiled in lord lieut. for suppression of tueafon, with or without advice of privy council or others.

This act to be in force until tiril day day of ne t session and 2 month;* after; and may be nitered or repealed this ftffiuq.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

writing signed by the said chief governor or chief governors, or his or their chief Iccretary, and signifying to the said court that such person or persons was or were To authorized as aforesaid, to 4sx rcife the powers specined by this act; and when such return shall be made, it shall not be necessary to bring up the body of the person who is so detained.

VI. Provided always, and be it declared and enabled, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to take away, abridge or dtminish, the acknowledged prerogative of his Majesty, for the public safety, to resort to the exercise of martial law against open'enemies or traitors, or any powers by law vested in the said lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom, with or without the advice of his Majesty's privy council, or of any other person or persons whomsoever, to suppress treason and rebellion, and to do any act warranted by law for that purpose, in the same manner as if this act had never been made; or in any manner toqdl in question any adt6 heretofore done for the like purposes.

VII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be of force until the "first day of the next session of parliament, and for two months after the said day, and no longer; and that it shall and may be lawful to repeal, amend, or alter this act, during this session of parliament.

CHAP. xn.

An Act 0 r granting to His Majesty, for One Year, the Duties

therein mentioned on Fire-Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the fame during the said

Monday the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ninfj

Royal Assent given.

JOHN CAYEK* D. CLER. PARL.

v

Hxpir.a TIT WHEREAS it is expedient to exempt the occupiers^of houses containing one * hearth, and no greater number, from the duty on fire-hearths, and to-grant certain duties on other houses proportionable to the number of heanhs therein, and appertaining thereto, therefore be it enacted by the King-s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, youT heirs, anddutceflors, the duties herein after mentioned^ in lieu of all duties due, or

4 . which

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

k8i

'WKlqh may become payable during the time aforesaid, by virtue of an act passed ift A, the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the fe- j jgg, vcond, entitled, An act.fr efablifhg an additional revenue upon his Majesty, his heirs Qhap j 2« and successhrs, for the better support of his and their crown and dignity; and also one v other act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An additional aSi for the better ordering and colic fling the revenue arif ing by hearth moneys that is to say, out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole two five-hearths, or other places used for firing, or (loves, which shall be in such dwelling-house. out houTe, or other edifice, at any time during the said time, the Tum of four shillings and ten pence halfpenny; and out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole three fire-hearths, or oilier places used for firing or (loves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or other edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of eight shillings and three half-pence; and out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole four fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, or (loves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of eleven shillings and four-pence half-penny; and out of every dwelling-house, and out-house or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole five fire-hearths, or other places used for firing or (loves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of fifteen shillings and two-pence.; and out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing inf the whole fix fire-hearths, or other places used for firing, or (loves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of nineteen shillings and six-pence; and out of every dwelling-house, and out house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole (even firb-hearths, or other places used for firing, or doves, which shall be in such dwelling-house. out-house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of one pound four shillings and four-pence halfpenny; and out of every dwelling-house, and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole eight fire-lieartlts, or other places used for firing, of (loves, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of one pound eight shillings and two-pence; and out of every dwelling-house, and out-house or edifice appertaining thereto, containing rin the whole nine or more (ire-hearths, or other places used for firing, or (loves, for every such hearth, firing place, or (love, which shall be in such dwelling-house, out-.house, or edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of eight shillings and eight-pence for every such hearth, firing-place, or stove therein, or thereunto belonging; the said duties to be paid as soon after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, as they shall be demanded.

II. Provided always, and be enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge any house containing fix hearths, or upwards, situate within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, or within any city or town-corporate, in which no (hop shall be kept for the sale of any goods, or in which no spirituous or other liquors shall be fold, and which shall be wholly set for lodgmgs and occupied by lodgers* each lodging set to, or occupied by one person, cr family, not confiding of more

"than one room or apartment, or any house containing eight hearths or upwards, the greater part of the rooms in which shall be set to, or occupied by lodgers, each lodger »ot paying a rent not exceeding five pounds yearly, though the same shall be partly inhabited by the owner, with any higher duty than two shillings for each hearth or oilier firing place therein, or with any arrear of any higher duty.

III. And be it enacted, That every owner or occupier any house or edifice, shall, on demand made by any inspector, supervisor, or collector of the said duties*

€$2

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A. X), admit such inspector, supervisor, or collector, into such dwrlling-'houses, and all 1799. °dt-house«, and offices thereunto belonging, and into every room or other place' Chap. 12. therein, and permit such inspe^or, supervisor, of col left or, to survey the hearths.

firing-places, and (loves therein, and take an account thereof; and that tt shall and n:ay be lawful for every inspector, supervisor, and collector of the said duties, to survey every house or edifice, and the number of hearths, firing-places, and stoves «h crein, and to take a true account thereof; and that any such inspeiftor, supervisor, or collector, fLail and may in the day time, between the hour of eight of the dock in the forenoon and sunset, with the assistance of a magistrate, constable, or other pevfon acting as a peace officer, and in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without any such assistance to make entry into the said respective l oufes and edifices, and into the f:-veral apartments therein, and take information from their own view and survey of the number of fire-hearths and other places used for firing and stoves in every fuclt house and edifice* and according to such account, the several houses and edifices therein mentioned shall be charged with the duties which shall then he payable; un* dwfs where any such house or edifice has been newly built, in which case such fire-hearths therein as appear not to have been used at the time of such survey shall not be chai gc J.

IV. And be it enacted, That in any case where any :nfpe£tor, surveyor, or colleger of licarth-money shall have been admitted, or shall have made entry into any house or edifice, to survey and view the fire-hearths, stoves, and other firing placer therein, the owner or occupier of such house or edifice, or other person who shall attend such supervisor or collector upon such survey, upon consenting that the duty for one fire-heaith for any room therein be charged, may refuse to admit such inspec-for, supervisor* or collector, into any such room, except the fame be a kitchen or a room in an out-house; and in every such case every inspector, supervisor, and collector shall accordingly charge duty for one hearth in every such room.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any question or difference shall arise touching the number of fire-hearths, stoves, or other firing-places, of which an account shall be taken by any inspector, supervisor, or collector, the same shall be heard and determined by one or more justice or justices of the peace next adjoining, not being a landlord or landlords of the premises, or by the chief magistrate of the place, upon -complaint in that behalf; and the oath of the owner or occupier of the house or edifice shall be admissible upon such complaint.

VI. And be it enacted, That the respective owners or occupiers of all houfts or edifices shall be, and they are hereby chargeable with all duties which shall become due by them, out of their respective houses, out-houses or edifices; and the said duties (h J1 be paid to the said supervisors and collectors on demand thereof, at the house or place where the same shall arise or grow due, or at the house or place of abode of any owner or occupieT, chargeable with amy duty or aireir, in case such owner or occupier shall have removed from the house in respect of which he became chargeable with such duty; and all goods and chattels in any house, out-house, or edifice, shall be subject to all duties which shall have become due in respect of such house, out-house, or edifice; and in case of refusal or default of payment thereof, after such demand, such supervisors and eolle&ors m\y at any time, in the day time, with the assistance of a magistrate, justice of the peace, or other peace officer, and in all places wdicre there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and affilt, then without any such assistance, make entry into such house* , out-house, or edifice, and levy the said duty, and all arrears thereof, either by dif-irefs and sale of any good^ found in the house, out house, or edifice, chargeable with Xiuh duty and urruiri, or on the good* of the party or parties chargeable°therewith,

i

wdieresoever

The thirty-ninth Year of Ged rge III.

wheresoever the same shall be found, restoring to the party or parties the overplus ?of such money as such goods shall be sold for, over and above the duty Trnd arrearages thereof then due, and over and above the necessary charges of taking such dif-Jtrcfsj and such charges shall not'in any case ecceed the fourth part of the duty and arrearages thereof so levied.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no owner, proprietor, or occupier of fire-hearths, or firing-places or lloves, shall be charged with, or diltruined, or molested for the said duty, or any arrearages, at any time after the space of two years, next after the duty shall become payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

i8?

A.D.

1799-Chap. it.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall fraudulently flop up, deface, cover, or conceal anyliearih, firing-place, or (love chargeable with the said duly, and the fame be proved either by confession of the-party, or upon oath, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, or chief magistrate, or by their view, every such person shall be charged with, and pay double the amount of the duty for the fame, to be levied as aforesaid-; and if any question or difference shall arise concerning the flopping up of any hearth, -or about the taking of any distress for, or levying the duty for the Fame, the fame, upon complaint in that behalf, shall be heard and -determined by the chiefanagi(Irate of the place, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace, such justice or justices not being a landlord or landlords of the party charged with the said duty $ and *hc proof of the rime that any such hearth was Hopped up, shall lie on the owner or occupier of the house.

IX. Provided always, That no hearth, filing-place, or stove, shall be deemed to be flopped up, unless the whole of the fame be built with stones or bricks, and mortar made with lime.

X. And be it enacted, That all chief magistrates, sheriffs, and justices of the ;peace, and other his Majesty's peace-officers, within their several and respective ju-Tifdictions, are hereby authorized and required to give assistance, from time to time, *o the several inspectors, supervisors, and collectors of the said duties, in charging and colicfling the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for any matter or thing which he or they shall do in pursuance or execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the alledged cause of action shall accrue, and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence against the plaintiff upon any trial to be had thereupon; and if thfe plaintiff shall become non-suit or suffer^discontiniiance, or if a verdict pass against the plaintiff, or if, upon demurrer, judgment pass against him* ;the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs against such plaintiff, for which :iherc shall be like remedy as in any Case whore costs by law are given to the descendant.

X z 2 CHAP.

184 The thirty-ninth of George III.

A.D.

*799-

CHAP. XIII.

Jin Att for further continuing an Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between 4his Kingdom and the United States of America.

Monday the twenty fifth day of March) me thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal Assent given.

John Gayer, d. clerk. parl.

Expired.

WHEREAS an act which patied in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for facilitating the trade and interccurfe between this kingdom and the United States of America, was, by subsequent acts, continued to the twenty-fifth day of March, ane thousand seven hundred and ninety nine: And whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued for a limited time; Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice And consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said act, and all and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue, and be of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

c n a p./ xiv.

An Act to enable all Ecclesajiical and

Kicars and Curates, and and thfe deriving

by, from, or under them, to recover a just for

__ , the Tithes withheld from them, in the Tears One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, against such Persons as were liable to the same.

3TucfJcty the fventh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine,

Royal Assent given.

JCHN GAYER, D. CLRR. PARL.

Pxesmule. TN order to give n jtift compensation to all ccclcliastical persons ' A and bodies, and to all re&ors, vicars and curates, and impropriators of the several parities in this kingdom, and those deriving by, from, or under them, who by means of violence, threats, unlawful oaths and combinations, murders, robberies, and devafhtfions; which partly preceded, and were exercised with uncommon cru- city

Ecclesiastical persons and bodies, or

'The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 185

city and fury during the late unnatural rebellion, and which are A. A. yet exercised in several parts of this kingdom, have not received 1799* the tithes, or the amount of the securities for the said tithes, for the years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, due to them in their respective capacities; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every ecclesiastical person or body, re<rtor, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representatives of, or any person, deriving by, from, or under any^!ie.!rr<, P'ck'1-of them, shall on or before the first day of July, one thousand fe- notice to pi-ven hundred and ninety-nine, give notice in writing, subscribed [or Tto^ by his, or her name and handwriting, and directed to the pa- proceed for rishoners of the parish or union, to the tithes of which they were t;thea for respectively entitled, in the said years one thousand seven hundred *797 and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety- fog on church eight, signifying his or her intention to proceed in the manner by ket-houfo^ this act directed, for the recovery of such tithes, in such parishes or unions in the said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and whether by petition o-r civil bill, which notice shall be ported on the door of the church of said parish or union, if there be any church within the same, in which divinff* fcrvlce is usually celebrated, and if not, on the market-house, or in some conspicuous place in the market town, within, or next adjoining to such parish or union.

II. And be it enacted, That every such eccleslartical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, or the repr.efen-. tatives of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, having given such notice as aforesaid; and also every person aforesaid, who by the means aforesaid, had been prevented from receiving his tithes, or any part of the fame, or the securities, or the amount of the securities for the fame, or any part thereof, in the said years, or either of them, may at his eletrtion proceed for the recovery of the just value of the tithes of the parish or union to which he was entitled as aforesaid, in the said years, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or in either of them, either by petition to his Majesty's court of chancery, or court of exchequer, in manner herein after mentioned, or by civil bill, in the county in which such parish or union, or part of such parish or union is situated, in the same manner as required by law, for proceeding for reco-

Persons whs have been prevented from receiving tithes, or amount of securities for them, in 179-7 and 1798, may proceed b/ petition or civil, bill, within two year#.

VOL. XIX.

very

186 A.D.

1790-Chap. 14.

'"whaT'shall be set forth in petition to chancery or exchequer.

Names and

pjaces of abode of occupiers) &c. annexed to petitions.

Truth of petitions and schedules to be verified by affidavits) as herein directed.

Courts of chancery and exchequer may make orders on such petitions, referring them to officers who shall examine as herein directed.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

very of debts by civil bill, such suits to be commenced within the space of two years from the passing of this act.

III. And be it enacted, That in case any such ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, who shall proceed by petition to the said courts of chancery, or exchequer, shall in such petition set forth, whether he claims the tithes of such parish or union as an ecclesiastical person or body, or as rector, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, or as deriving by, from, or under any of them, and whether he is as such, entitled to the whole, or a part of such tithes, and if a part, what proportion of such tithes he is is entitled to, and shall annex to such petition a schedule of the names and places of abode of the several persons occupiers of land in such parish or union, or of the executors or administrators of such persons, if any of them be dead, against whom he seeks to recover the value of the tithes of the said years, or either of them, and the total value of the tithes, without specifying the particulars for the said years, claimed against such persons respectively, and shall also set forth in such schedule the amount of such tithes, if any, as were paid In kind by any of such persons, or for which satisfaction was made in money, and the amount thereof, the truth of which petition and schedule shall be verified by affidavit or affidavits, according to the best knowledge or belief of the person or persons swearing the fame, that the sums claimed from the several persons respectively, for tithes for the said years, one thousand seven hundred} and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, are made up as near as in the deponent’s power or ability to do, the same to the different rates per acre, or otherwise, which have for the three years next preceding the said year, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, been, after all just allowances and abatements, really and bona Jide paid or secured for tithes of the like kind and quality, within the said parish or union, and that there is no charge in the said schedule for any kind of tithes or dues, which have not really, and bona jidey been paid or secured by the parishioners of the said parish or union within the aforesaid three years next preceding the said year, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said courts of chancery and exchequer respectively, to make an order upon such petition, referring the same to such officer or person as the said courts respectively shall, in manner as by this act specified appoint, and requiring such officer or person to examine into the truth of the contents thereof, and to report to the fail courts respectively, 8 whether

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

whether any, and what sums of money are due by such persons respectively to such ecclesiastical person or body, re£tor, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, for the tithes of the said years, or either of them.

IV. Provided always, That in case it shall appear by any affidavit, to be annexed to any such petition, that a valuation of the tithes for the said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or either of them, could hot be made by means of force or terror, or unlawful oaths and combinations, or the aforesaid horrid rebellion, or that such valuation was actually made, but. that the notes or items of such valuation have been destroyed by the said rebels, or by any of their confederates or abettors, or by any riotous persons or mobs, or by any unlawful means whatsoever, -or loft, or that the person or persons who made such valuation, is, or are dead, or prevented by fear and terror, or by unlawful oaths and combinations, from proving or appearing to prove such ^valuation or valuations, or to give any proper information thereof to the petitioner or petitioners, then and in all such cases it shall not be necessary to set forth in any such petition or schedule, the value' of the tithes therein specified for the said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or either of them, but instead thereof, the average value of the tithes of the respective lands for the three years next preceding the said year, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, within which tithes had been paid, according; to the belt knowledge or belief of the person swearing the same shall be set forth, and the same shall be sufficient.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every case where it shall appear to the satisfaction of the court of equity to which application shall be made to obtain satisfaction for tithes, from the report of the referee, who shall take the account or other-wile, or to the judge, who shall try any civil bill under this act for the recovery of tithes, that the tithes in question were, or have been after due notice, fairly, honestly, and bonaJidt set out, without fraud or collusion, and that the person or persons entitled to such tithe6, had not been by any violence, terror, threat, fraud, combination, or other unfair or undue means prevented from availing himself of such setting out, and of receiving the benefit of such tithe6 as in justice and conscience he might, then and in every such case no recovery or compensation for tithes shall be had u nder this a cl, and for the better information of every such court

3 A 2 of

A.

187

-D.

1799-Chap. 14.

Where it appears by affidavit that a valuation for

1797 and

1798 could not be made, or that item* thereof were dellroyed by rebels, &c. or persons arc presented from having such valuations, the average of the three yeart preceding 1797, shall be sufficient.

Where it appears that tithes have been fairly set out, and no violence or undue meant used to prevent persont entitled from receiving them, such persons shall not recover under this act.

i88

A.D.

1799-Chap. 14.

Evidence 10 Ik reported by referee3 appointed to examine Accounts.

Evidence of refusal to buy or take tithes shall be received by courts.

Courts may appoint persons to take accounts as they shall direct, and order such recompence as they think fit.

Officers not to proceed in accounts but on affidavit that copies of petitions, 6cc. and also of notices of time3 and places of proceedings, were polled 21 days before time appointed, and thereupon they are to proceed as herein diretf-

cd.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

of equity, the referee or person ordered to fake the account of tithes under this act, shall report to the said court all evidence before him, touching the matters aforesaid, and every such court of equity, and every such judge, who shall, as to all parties, have an equitable jurisdicttion, shall and may receive evidence of any general refusal to buy or take tithes in every parish or union from which such complaint shall come, the better to enable such court and judge to determine, whether the person entitled to tithes had been prevented as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas the nature and the value of the property claimed by such petitions would not admit of the expence and length of time usual in carrying on in the ordinary way proceedings on accounts before the officers of the said courts, be it enacted, That the said courts respectively may appoint such person or persons as the said courts shall respectively think proper to take the said accounts, and to order that such accounts be taken in such manner as the said courts respectively shall think just, and such person or persons, so to be appointed, shall be respectively paid such recompence for their pains and labour in taking such accounts, and in making the said report, as the said courts respectively shall think fit, such recompence to be.in lieu and satisfa<Slion of all fees whatsoever.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such officer or person, who shall be directed to take any of such accounts, shall proceed in taking any account in pursuance of such petition and order, unless it shall appear to him by affidavit, that a copy of such petition, schedule, affidavit, and order, and also a summons or notice, expressing the time and place appointed for proceeding on the said account, has been posted on the door of the church of the said parish or union, if there be any church within the same, in which divine service is usually celebrated, and if not, on the market-house, or in Come conspicuous place in the market town, in or next adjoining to the said parish or union, at lead twenty-one days before the time appointed for proceeding on such account, and thereupon, and without any other notice whatsoever, such officers or persons respectively are hereby required in a summary manner to examine into the matter to them respectively referred, and to ascertain the sums due by each person for such tithes, and make a report, or at the desire of the petitioners, separate reports thereof to the said courts respectively from time to time; and in case any person named in such petition or schedule, so to be polled as aforesaid, shall not by himself or herself, or by any attorney or fdicitor, attend in pursuance of such summons or

notice,

‘The thirty-ninth Year George III.

notice, such petition as to every such person shall be taken as con-‘ fefied, and an order shall be forthwith made as against every such person upon such petition for the sums therein respectively charged against every such person, and for reasonable costs at the discretion of the court, and no exception shall be received to any report made upon such petition, but the court shall upon such report make such order thereon as to such court shall seem just, and no appeal shall be against any order made upon such petition.

VIII. Provided always, That in case it shall appear in manner ' as aforesaid, that any such ecclesiastical person or body, rector,

vicar or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from or under any of them intended to make any abatement out of the value of the tithes, payable by any person for the said years, or ei: er of them, then no greater sum shall be ordered to be paid by any such person than what

shall remain after deducting the sum intended to be abated; and

- in ease it shall appear that any such ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, hath

"received any of such tithes in kind, or satisfaction in money for the fame, allowance shall be made for the value or amount ' thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said courts respectively may

cause process to be issued in the nature of an iujutxftion, to the sheriff commanding him to levy such sum as shall be awarded

against any party, together with one shilling in the pound for le-> vying the fame, out of the goods and chattels of such party, and for want of such goods, commanding him to take the body of such party into execution for the same.

X. And be it enacted, That the said courts respectfvdy, may order that books, writings, and evidences in the custody, power,

or possession of the said parties, or of any Other person or persons which may be necessary to enable the said officers or persons to

take the accounts by this act directed to be taken by them,-shall be brought into the said courts respectively, and produced on taking the said accounts.

XI. Provided always, That in any case where any dilatory or

unjust proceedings shall appear on the part of the defendant, the

courts of equity respectively may direct such defendant to enter into security for the payment of such costs as the said courts respectively shall award in the said cause, and on the defendant fail-

- ing so to do, the petition to be taken as confefied against the de-

- fendant, and no objection to any such petition on account of the

vVol. XIX. 3 B demands

A.

iSj

D.

1799-

Chap. 14.

Orders shall be made against persons who (! nut. attend. '

Sums intended to be abated shall be deducted;

allowance fti be made for part paid hi kind or money.

Courts m*y ifTtie process to sheriff to levy out of goods, or to take the body.

Courts My order books, writings and, evidences to be produced.

Where

proceedings on part of defendant are dilatory, court may order security for Costs, or petition shall be taken as con-sessed

I

190

A.D.

‘799-Chap. 14-'

petition not to abate on account of the death of party, notice being served on represen-tatives.

Defendant shall answer personal interrogatories at such times as courts shall i.ppoint.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

demands thereby fought to be recovered, being of a distinct nature, nor for want of parties, shall be received, and no such petition shall abate on account of the death of any of the parties thereto; and in case of any such death, the petitioner may proceed against the representatives of any person so dying, having first served them with a notice thereof, and upon its appearing to such officer or person to whom any such account shall be referred, that such notice had been grven such officer or person, shall proceed in taking the account against the representatives of any person so dying, in the same manner as against the said person, were he or she living, and the said courts respectively, shall proceed thereon accordingly.

XII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be admitted to take any defence to any such petition, shall within such time as the said courts respectively shall think proper, on the proceedings before such officer or person to whom such accounts shall be referred, answer such personal interrogatories as shall be exhibited to him or her on behalf of any such petition touching the quantities or values of the tithes for the said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand fev.en hundred and ninety-eight, or either of them, of the lands which such person, or the person or persons of whom he or she is or are the representative or representatives held in said years, or either of them.

Tithes for T797, and 1798, may be recovered by civil bill, without any proceedings in a*y ecclesiastical court, without limi-tation of sums.

'Notice to be polled 14 days before the fitting of the civil bill court in which such proceedings shall be;

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, shall proceed by civil bill for recovery of any tithes claimed -by him or them for the said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, or one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or either of them, such civil bill may he brought against any of the persons subject to the payment of such tithes, for his or their separate demand against any of them, or in case any of them be dead against the executors or administrators of such persons respectively, without any previous process or proceeding in any ecclesiastical court, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding, and that such civil bills may be brought although the sums claimed therein may exceed the sum for which civil bills are limited by law to be brought.

XIV. And be it enacted, That where any such ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, shall proceed by civil hill as aforesaid, notice in

writing 1

1

*1 he thirty-ninth Year of George III. 19*

'writing shall be polled on the rioor of the church of the parish or A.D. union, if there be any parish church within the same in which 1799* divine service-is usually celebrated, and if not on the market-house or in some conspicuous place in the market-town in or next adjoining to the parish or union, at least fourteen days before the day of the fitting of the eouTt in which such^civil bill shall be sued, in which notice, or in a schedule to be -annexed thereto, shall be whatfliaH be set forth the names and places of abode of the several persons, ^hnio^icei, occupiers of land in such parish or union, or of the executors or administrators of such persons, if any of them be dead against whom he seeks to recover the value of the tithes for the said years one thousand seven hupdred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or either of them, and the total value of the tithes without specifying the particulars for the said years respectively or either of them, claimed against such persons respectively, if such tithes have been valued, and if not, the average value of the tithes respectively, for the three years wherein tithes had been paid or agreed to be paid next preceding the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and if any such persons have paid any of such tithes in kind, or given satisfaction in money for the fame, the value of the amount thereof shall be set forth in such schedule, and proof of such notice proof of fuc* being made, no "other notice, summons, or service whatsoever shall fuffidenMu*6 <be necessary to enable any such ecclesiastical person or body, rec- enable such

r person* to

for, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator, or the representative proceed} of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, to proceed on any such civil bill; and in case no defence be-made to where no de, -any such civil bill, the sum appearing by such notice or schedule to be due by the person not /taking defence, -shall be deemed the schedule shall .’sum due by him without further proof. be deemed

X'V. And be it enacted, That if on any of the proceedings 6«ml re-:aforesaid,'the title of any ecclesiastical person, or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any impropriator,‘or the representative of title; or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, to the Tithes claimed by him, shall be controverted, general reputation of his being the person entitled to such tythes shall be sufficient evidence to entitle hint to recoverthe fame.

XVI. And be it enacted, That on the heaing of any civil bill "under this adfc, no jury shall be impannelled, nor shall any appeal from any decree to be made on any such civil bill be received.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if it flia.ll appear that -by any murder, robbery, conflagration, force, terror, threats, imposition cThavebecn sof unlawful oaths., or any violent, unlawful, or undue means

3 -B 2, whatsoever, or any other

No Jury nor appeal.

VJfirc persons interest-

Jtja 'The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

whatsoever, any ecclesiastical person or body, rector, vicar, or 1799* curate, or any impropriator, or the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, or those employed undue means, by him, them, or any of them, hath or have been prevented tUlu-^orare from viewing or valuing any tithes for the said years one thou-deprived of (and seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven

neediary evi- /

dence, inferior hundred and ninety-eight, or either of them, or that by any such. beadmitted^ means he or they is or are deprived of the evidence of any ne-

and inquiry cefiary witness, or that the bed kind of evidence cannot be ob-

shall be made *11 .

into average tamed, then and in every such case the said courts respectively, years pfeced an<^ the officers or persons to whom such accounts shall be referred,

ing 1797, for may admit and accept of evidence of an inferior nature, acccrd-

werepaid. ing to the nature and circumstances of the case; and the said

courts of chancery and exchequer, and the judge in the civil bill court, whenever the proceedings shall be by civil bill, and such officers and persons as aforesaid, to whom such petition shall be referred, shall in every such case enquire into the average value ' of the said tithes for three years, in which such tithes shall have -been paid next preceding the said year' one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and shall consider the evidence of the average value for the said three years, as proof of the value of the said tithes for each of said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and also the average value of the tithes of each denomina-< tion of land for the said three years, as proof of the value of the tithes of the fame denomination for each of said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

Wh<reva

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in every case where it shall 1797 or 1798 appear that the valuation of the tithes of the said years one thou-made<or fend ^even hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven notes execut- hundred and ninety-eight, or of Either of them had been made, kie.andbooks or that notes had been executed for the value of the tithes of all,

‘ by fraudulent"or any the denominations of land within any parish or union

meant de* for the said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, pressed,’ and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or either of ^thhcid. ac.- them, by the several occupiers thereof, to the persons claiming considered a* the said tithes, or to those employed by them: to receive and col-tLn\7dl been ^ ^ame» and that the books or papers -containing such va-_made. Uuation, or notes of such valuation, and the said tithe notes-had

been maliciously destroyed, or that the persons in whose pofief-. fion or custody the fame were or are, have been murdered, or by (threats, terror, or impofuioa of unlawful oaths,.prevented from

producing

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

producing and proving the fame, or that the same are forcibly or fraudulently withheld or loft, that then, and in all such cases, it shall be considered to all intents and purposes, as if the said eccle-(iastical person or body, rector, vicar, or curate, or any impro*-priator, of the representative of, or any person deriving by, from, or under any of them, and those employed by him or them, had been prevented from viewing or valuing the said tithes for the said years one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or either of them, and as if no notes whatsoever had been executed for the value of said tithes in the said years, or either of them.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly take or swear any oath or affidavit, or take or make any affirmation, to be taken before any person or persons in pursuance of this act, and be thereof lawfully convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, he, she, or they so offending, shall for every such offence incur and suffer such penalties, pains, and disabilities, as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any of the laws now in force in this kingdom liable unto, or if any person or persons shall corruptly procure or suborn any other person to take or swear such false oath for affidavit, or make such false affirmation; and the person or persons so procuring or suborning, shall be thereof convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, every person so offending, shall for every such offence, incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, pains, and disabilities, as persons convicted of subornation of perjury are, by any of the laws now of force in this kingdom liable to.

XX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said courts of chancery or exchequer, or to the civil bill court, in which any proceedings shall be carried on pursuant to the provisions in this act for the recovery of tithes, which became due in the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, out of any denomination of land, that the whole or part of the crop, and other titheable matters which grew and encreased on the said denomination of land, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, had been destroyed or wasted by the rebels in the late horrid rebellion, or by his Majesty's troops employed in the suppression of said rebellion; and that the occupier of said denomination in the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, was not aiding, abetting, or assisting in the said rebellion, then and in every such case, the said courts of chancery, and exchequer, and the judge in such civil bill court respectively, shall in case of such total wafting and destruction, dismiss the said

Vol. XIX. 3 C proceedings

Persont guilty ofpa^ jury, or lu-bomat’on of perjury, (haB suffer i% by laws now im force.

Where the whole tithe able matter has been destroyed during the rebellion, and occupiers were not aiding therein, plaintiffs shall be dismissed with cofb,

abatements in proportion to partial destruction, in n 798.

No fttir.-mons or service shall be ^tcceflary but >the notices mentioned in this act.

Tnj and ions to ifl ue like executions upon judgments in courts of law.

Persons. entitled to tithes frequently de-mile, and they are again demised by lcflces;

such proceedings oflcllces are injurious to occupiers.;

all demises of tithes by lefTees shall <be void,-except to occupiers of lands subject "to such tithes.

jfibe thiriy-'titttih Ytar af George III.

proceedings with reasonable costs.to the defendant; and in case t<F a pattial wafting and destruction only., shall make a proportionable and rateable abatement-out of the sum which shall in the manner herein before mentioned, be proved to have been the reasonable value of the tithes of such -denomination in the said "year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it declared and enacted, That in all proceedings -which shall be had under this act, no other or further notice, summons, or service 'whatever shall be required, whether such proceedings be by petition or civil bill, other than the notices mentioned in this act, the fame having been substituted in the place of all other notices what-foev.er.

XXII. And be it declared and enacted, That every injunction under this act, shall issue without any demand or proceedings fub-sequent to the order made, or to be made on the report in this act mentioned, in like manner as executions upon judgments in the courts of law.

XXIII. And whereas ccolefiastical persons or bodies, rectors, vicar6, and curates, and impropriators, who are entitled to tithe* in this kingdom, frequently -demise the fame at certain yearly rents, for terms of lives or years, or during their incumbencies respectively; and their respective lefTees do frequently again demise the said tithes to other' perform, referring to themselves considerable profit rents, -over and above what they are by their respective leases bound and obliged to pay: And whereas such proceeding* of the immediate leffces of the respective tithes of i such ecclesiastical persons or bodies, rectors, vicars, curates, and impropriators, are attended with many hardships and inconveniencies to, and arc much complained of by the immediate occupiers of the lands which are subject and liable to the payment of such tithes, and no advantage accrues thereby to the said ecclesiastical persons or bodies, rectors, vicars or curates, or impropriators, who have originally demised the said tithes; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all leases or demises of tithes which shall be made or executed at any time after the passing of this act, by any person or persons, who is or are himself or themselves entitled to such tithes solely by virtue of a lease or leases executed to him or them by ecclesiastical persons or bodies, rectors, vicars, or curates, or impropriators, other than leases or demises of the tithes, to the actual occupiers of the lands subject and liable to the payment of the tithes demised, shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes, and shall be so adjudged to be by all courts of law and equity in this kingdom, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding,

CHAP.

IThe thirty-ninth Year of GeOTge IIL

4

CHAP. XV.

An Act for granting /o, His IMqjeJly certain Rates and Duties on Dwelling Houses inhabited, according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein, r

ITuefday ike seven th day of May, one thot find seven hundred and ninety-nine, Royal

*AJfeni given,

JOHN GATER, D. CLfcR. PARL.

TOWARDS railing the supply granted to your Majesty, We yottr Majesty's most dutiful subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, do pray that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con sent df (he 'lords fpimual und temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred - and ninety nine, there shall be raised, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon and out of every dwelling house or tenement in Ireland inhabited, at any time between the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, accordirfg to the number of windows or lights in each such house or tenement, the several rates and duties respectively inserted, described* and set forth in figures in the schedule hereunto annexed, which rates and duties shall be charged upon the occupiers of such houses or tenements respectively, and their respeCfcive executors, or administrators, and not on the landlord or landlords who let or demised the fame, except where by this act such rates and duties are directed to be paid by the landlords of such houses or tenements, or otherwise; and the said rates and duties shall be paid as soon after the twenty fifth day of March* ’one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, as the same shall be demanded; Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extenj to charge any house with any duty, in respect of any window which shall be occupied with, or used for a loom, which shall be (landing at such window, and be really used in weaving.

II. And for preventing frauds on his Majesty's revenue, in respect of the said duties, be it enacted, That the said rates and duties shall be paid according to the number of windows or lights w! ich were in such houses and tenements respectively*

on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine.

III. And be it enacted, That if any person shall, for the purpose of evading the payment of any of the duties hereby granted, conceal, or cefufc to declare the number of windows which were in his house on the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; or shall make any undue or false declaration thereof, when required to make a return of such windows, then, and in such -case, every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and the house shall be subject to double the duty which the fame would be otherwise subject to by this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That no house shall, within the intention of this act, be deemed to be an inhabited house, except the same shall be a&ually inhabited by

3 C 2 a family.

*$5

A.D.

*799-

ErHrtd.

2 'hethirty-ninth Te George III.

a family, or by the servant or servants of the owner, 6r by some other occupier or occupiers.

V. And be it enacted, That all dwelling room*, and apartments, in any hall, office, public building whatsoever, shall be deemed inhabited houses, within the meaning of this act; and all such rooms and apartment*, being severally in the possession of any person or officer inhabiting the fame, containing fix windows or under, shall be charged with the said duty, at the rate of one shilling and one penny for every window or light therein; and all such rooms or apartments, which shall contain more than fix windows or lights, shall be subject to the said duties, as if the fame were an entire houfC; and the persons respectively by whom such rooms or apartments arc, or shall be inhabited, shall be charged with and liable to pay the said duty as occupiers of such rooms or apartments.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge with the said duties, his Majesty's cattle of Dublin, or any house within the circuit thereof, or any house or tenement provided for the re fide nee of the lord lieutenant, or lord deputy of Ireland, or of the chief fe-

cretary of the lord lieutenant, or lord deputy, or of the under secretaries in his office.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to subject any hospital, charity schoot, or house, provided for the reception and relief of poor persons, or any gaol, prison, or session house, to the payment of the said rate or duty, except such apartments therein as are, or may be occupied by the officers thereof, and their respective servants, which shall be subject to die fame duty, according to the number of windows in the apartments so occupied by each such officer, as dwelling rooms and apartments in any hall, office, or public building are by this act subject to; not to charge in respect of any windows in such parts of any house containing eight windows or more, as shall be occupied by lodgers, not paying a rent exceeding the rate of five pounds yearly for each lodging, any higher duty than one shilling and one penny for each window or light, nor ro charge the said duty in respect of any windows in any ware house, or work house, being a distinct and separate building, and not part or parcel of the dwelling house, or (hop, not occupied as a dwelling house, but employed solely for the pu^ pose of lodging goods, wares, or merchandise, or for carrying on some manufacture, or trade, although the fame may adjoin to, or have an internal communication with the dwelling house; but the dwelling house only shall be charged in respect of the windows or lights therein: Provided always, that where any persons shall dwell in any part of such ware house, or work house, such parts thereof as shall be inhabited, shall be coufidcred as part of the principal dwelling house, and the windows or lights therein, shall be rated with the windows or lights in the principal dwelling House, as one and the fame\house,

VIII. And be it enacted and declared, That where any dwelling house or any' building which by this act is or may be deemed an inhabited house, or any part thereof is or shall be let in different apartments to any person or persons, the land-' lord or owner of such house or building, whether such. landlord or owner be a corporate body or otherwise, shall be deemed to be the occupier, and shall be charged with, and be liable to pay the said rates and duties for such dwelling house pr building.

IX. And be it enacted, That where any person chargeable with any rates or duties by this act imposed, shall be under the age of one and twenty years, or be an idiot or lunatic, in every such case the parents, guardians, and tutors of such infant, and the committees of such idiots and lunaticks respectively, shall be, and are here-.-kjr made liable to, and charged with, the payments which such infants, idiots, and

196 A.D. 1799. Chap. 1 C.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. - *97

lunatics, arc liable to; and if such parents, guardians, or tutors, or committees, A.D. shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful to proceed 1J99* against them in.like manner as a’ainst any other person making default of payment: Chap. 'I and all parents, guardians, tutors, and committees, making payment as aforesaid,

shall be hereby authorized to pay the same for such infants, idiots, and lunatics, upon his or their accounts, for the said rates and duties.

X. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge any dwelling house occupied as a boarding-fehool for the education of children, and kept by a person licensed to keep a school, with any higher rate or duty than one shilling and one penny for each window or light therein; provided, That unless the person keeping such school tlo verify the fails aforesaid on oath, by affidavit to be sworn before any magistrate, which oath every magi (Irate is hereby authorized to -administer, and deliver such affidavit to the collector of the said duties, no such person shall be entitled to any abatement from the rate or duty payable out of any other house or tenement.

"XI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed to charge ^vith the said rate or duty any house which (half be partly finished, though the fame may be inhabited, in respeil of any windows or lights hi such parts thereof as are unfinished end uninhabited, but such houses shall be rated according to the windows or lights in the inhabited parts thereof,

XII. And be it enacted, That every kitchen, scullery, buttery, pantry, larder, wash house, laundry, bake-house, brew-house, and lodging room belonging to, or occupied with any dwelling house, shall be deemed and taken to be part of such dwelling house, and all window's or lights therein shall be accordingly charged with the said rates and duties.; and all sky lights or windows, or lights in*flair-cases, gar-.rets, cellars, passages, and in all other parts of dwelling hotifes, to what use or purpose soever applied, shall be chargeable with the said duties.

XIII. And to obviate any doubt which may arise as to charging the said duties m respeil of windows or lights when two or more windows or lights are fixed in one framey bedt enacted, That when a partition or division in such windows or lights is,

or shall be, of the breadth or space of twelve inches or more, the windows or lights on each side of Inch partition or division shall be deemed as diflinil windows or Jights, and shall be rated accordingly. And that every window in a frame which is, or shall be extended so far as to give light into moTe rooms than one, shall be reckoned and charged as Co many separate windows as there are rooms lighted thereby.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said rates and duties on houses in respect oi s the windows and lights therein, shall be rated, levied, collected and received, by the persons authorized for the time being to supervise or colleflhis Majesty?s revenue on fice Inearths, and by such other persons as shall, from time to time, be appointed by the.chief commissioners of his Majesty's reVenue to superintend the rating and collecting, or to colleil the said duties, and-in the same manner as the said revenue on fire hearths is, or shall be rated, levied, collected, and received; and such supervisors and colleilqrs of the said revenue on fire-hearths, and such other persons, as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered to levy, collect, and receive the said rates and duties accordingly; and such supervisors and collectors, and other persons respectively, shall sign and give acquittances without fee or reward on receipt of such duties, and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances and duplicates for the duty 0:1 f.re-ihearths are given and kept, and shall return the books containing such duplicates to such person and at the same time as books containing duplicates of acquittances for the duty on fire-hearths are returned.

V ojl. XIX. 3D XV. And

i^S The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

XV. And be it enacted, That every owner or occupier of any house or tenement 1700 fhaTh on demand made by any of such officers as aforesaid, at such dwelling house Ch ip 15. or tenement> admit such officers to pass through any heuse in order to go into any court or yard thereunto belonging, to view and inspe£fc, externally, the windows*or lights in any such house, and permit any such officers to survey the windows or lights therein, and take an account thereof;.and that it shall and may be lawful for every such officer to survey xand view in manner aforesaid, every such house, and the number of windows or lights therein, and to take a true account thereof; and that any such officer shall and may in the day-time, between the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon and sun-set, with the assistance of a magistrate, constable, or other person ailing as a peace-officer, and in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without any such assistance to make entry into and through any such house, and take information ftom their own view and survey of the number of windows or lights in every such 'house, and according to such account the several houses and tenements therein mentioned shall be charged with the duties which shall be then payable.

XVI. And be it enacted, That in c;ffe any question or difference shall arise touching the number of windows or lights of which an account shall be taken by any such officer, as aforesaid, upon complaint or appeal ma !e to one or more justice or justices of the peace next adjoining, not being a landlord or landlords of the premises,

or to the chief magistrate of the place, the same shall be heard and determined by such justice or justices or magistrate in the presence of such officer: provided, that if such officer or the party charged with such duty shall think himself aggrieved by the determination of such justice or justices or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for either party to appeal therefrom to the justices at the next sessions of the peace to be held for the county in which the dwelling-hcrufe shall be situate, which justices are hereby empowered and required to examine and enquire into such determination of such justice or justices or chief magistrate, and to examine witnesses touching the matter of the said determination, and to determine the fame, and pronounce judgment thereupon, which judgment shall be final and conclusive as to the matter in dispute.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the owners and occupiers of all houses, according as they are herein before respectively made chargeable with the said duties, shall be, and they are hereby chargeable with all duties which shall become due by them

out of their respective houses, and shall on demand of any such officer as aforesaid, at the house or place.where such duties and arrears shall have arisen or grown due, or at the house or place of.abode of any owner or occupier chargeable with any duty or arrear, in case such owner or occupier shall have retnoved from, or shall -not reside in the house?in respeel of which he became chargeable with such duty, and all goods and chattels in any house shall be subject to all duties which shall have become due in respect of such house; and.in case of refusal or default of payment ^thereof after such demand, every such officer, as aforesaid, may at any time in the daytime, with the assistance of a magistrate, con liable, or other peace officer, and in all places where there are no such officers, or where such officers shall refuse to attend and assist, then without any such assistance, make entry into such house, or any house of the person liable ro the said. duty, and levy the same, either by distrefe and saie of any goods found in the house chargeable with such duty and arrears, or of the gopds of the pirty or parties chargeable therewith, wheresoever the same shall be found, reftoringto the party or parties the overplus of such money as such goods shall be sold for, over and above the duty and arrearages thereof then due, and over and above the necessary xharges of taking such distress.

XVIII. An4

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 199

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all chief magistrates, sheriffs, and justices of A. £)# the peace, and other his Majesty's peace officers within their several and respective 1799* jurisdictions, are hereby authorized and required to give assistance, from time to Chap. 15*. time, to the several collectors of the said duties in collecting the lame.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if aqy person subject or liable to any duty to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for any dwelling-house, in respect of the windows or lights therein, shall not, within one month after notice in writing in the name of the officer authorized to collect such duties being given to such person, or left at the usual place of abode of such person, with the wife, or with th't child, or servant, above the age of sixteen years, of such person, requiring him or her to pay such duty and arrears, pay the same, every such person, for every offence, shall forfeit twenty pounds; provided that at lead seven days before such notice shall have been so given or left, such officer shall have demanded such duties from the person subject to the fame, or from his wife, or his or her child or servant above the age of sixteen years, at the place of abode of the person subject to pay the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, to appoint such salaries and rewards to be paid to the several officers who shall be employed in the execution of this act, and such incidental expences attending the same as shall be directed by the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom. '

XXI. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, for the time being, shall be commissioners for executing this act, as fully as they are authorized to put into execution any act granting any duty or rate payable to his Majesty under their management; and that all fines and penalties by this act inflicted, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an act of parliament

made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new bn-,post upon Lis Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the booh of rates therein in-fated, or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as /fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame wefc particularly mentioned and expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to Majesty's revenue of excise is provided. ’

l

3D2 A SCHEDUIT

2o» %he thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

'79V'

A SCHEDULE of the Hates and Duties payable ;for every Dwelling House inhabited, or to be inhabited, within the Kingdom of according to the Number of Windows or Lights .‘in each JDwelling-house.

iKumber of Windows . according to which the dwelling-louse is to be'

charged*

O R every dwelling-house having five windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fix windows or lights Tor every dwelling-hoy fe having seven windows or lights j For cveiy dwelling house having eight windows or lights For every dwelling-house having nine windows or lights For every dwelling-house having ten* windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having eleven windows or lights For every dwelling house having twelve windows or lights Ter every dwelling-house having thirteen windows or lights Tor ever) dwelling-house having fourteen windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifteen windows or lights For every dwelling-Jioufe having-Cxteen windows *or lights For every dwelling-house having feverKeen. windows or lights For every dwelling-house having eighteen' windewa or lights For every -dwelling-house having nineteen windows or lights For every dwelling-house having twenty windows or lights For every dwelling house having twenty-one windows or lights For every dwelling-house having twenty-two windows or lights Tor every'dwelling house having twenty-three windows or lights Tor every dwfclfing'-house having twentyrfour windows or lights For every, dweMi g-house having twenty-five windows or lights For every dwelling-house having twenty-six windows or lights 'Tor every dwelling house having twenty-seven windows or lights For every dwelling-house having twenty-eight windows or lights Tor every dwelling-house having twenty*nine windows or lights For every dwelling -house haung thirty windows or lights For every dwelling house having thirty-one windows or lights For every dwelling-house having thirty-twowindows or lights For every dwelling-house having thirty-three windows or lights , For every dwelling-house having thirty-four windows or lights

t

Duties-to be paid for every dwelling-house.

o

o

o

s. i. 4 for 6 6 8 o I I II o 15 018 .5 1 7 »3 *9 6

1

1

1

1

2

Jot

2.13

3 o

3

3

4

7

14

3

4 X2

5 0

5

S

6

9

18

8

71

7

Ak

7

71

8 8195

t

9

S

1

6 11

6 13

8 ti

1

6 iS

6 17

7

7

7

3 5 7

8 5

7

9

10 12

7 M " 7 »7

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Number of windows.

For every dwelling-house having thirty five windows or lights For every dwelling-house having thirty-six windows or lights For every dwelling house having thirty seven windows or lights For every dwelling-house having thirty-eight windows or lights For every dwelling-house having thirty nine windows or lights For every dwelling house having forty windows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty-one windows or lights For every dwelling house having forty-two windows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty-three windows or fights / For every dwelling-house having forty-four windows or lights For every dwelling house having forty-five windows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty-six windows or lights For every dwelling house having forty-seven windows or lights For every dwelling-house having Forty-eight win lows or lights For every dwelling-house having forty-nine windows or lights For every dwelling-house having'fifty windows or lights For every dwelling-liuufe having fifty-one windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-two windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-three windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having fifty four windows or lights ‘For every dwelling-house having fifty-five windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-six windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-seven windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-eight windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fifty-nine windows or lights For every dwelling -house having sixty windows or lights For every-dwelling-house having Gxty-one windows or lights For every dwelling-house having sixty-two windows or lights For every dwelling-house having sixty-three windows or lights For every-dwelling-house having sixty four windows or lights For every dwelling-house having sixty-five windows or lights

Tor every dwelling-hou e having sixty-GxWindows or lights - For every dwelling-house having sixty-seven windows or lights For every dwelling-house having fixfy eight windows or lights For every dwelling-house having sixty-nine windows or lights For every dwelling house having seventy windows or lights For every dwelling-house having seventy-one windows or lights For every dwelling-house having seventy-twb windows or lights For every dwelling-house having seventy three v ndows or lights For every dwelling-house having seventy four windows or lights Tor every dwelling-house havkig seventy-five windows or lights --Vol. XIX. 3 £ For

Duties.

£. J,

8 7 14

8 IO I

8 12 3

8 *4 S

8 16 7

99 7

9119

9*3 11

916 1

98 3

lO 11 3

IO «3 J

IO 7

IO i79

TO *9 11

11 12 11

11 «S 1

II 17 3

11 i9 5

12 1 7

U 14 7

I 2 169

12 18 if

»3 1 X

3 3 3

*3 16 3

>3 18 5

14 0 7

'4 29

'4 4. 11

4 *7 11

>5 0 1

'5 2 3

5 4 5

'S 6 7

'97

16 19

16 3 11

16 6 t

16 8 3

n I 3

101

A.D.

1799-Chap. i5,

r

Tic tlirt\'-hinth of George III.

Number of Windowx.

For every dwelling house having seventy fix windows or lights For every dwelling house having seventy-seven windows or lights - For every dwelling-house having seventy-eight windows or lights For every dwelling-house having seventy nine windows or lights - For every dwelling-house having eighty windows or lights For every dwelling house having eighty one windows or lights For every dwelling-house having eighty-two windows or lights For every dwelling house having eighty three windows or lights For every dwelling house having eighty-four window's or lights For every dwelling house having eighty-five -windows or lights For every dwelling house having eighty-six windows or lights For every dwelling-hrufe having eighty-seven windows or lights For every dwelling house having eighty eight windows or lights - For every dwelling house having eighty nine windows or lights For every dwelling house having ninety windows or lights For every dwelling-house having ninety-one windows or lights For every dwelling house having ninety two windows or lights - For every dwelling-house having ninety three windows or lights For every dwelling-house having ninety-four windows or lights - For every dwelling house having ninety-five windows or lights For every dwelling-house having ninety six windows or lights For every dwelling-house having ninety-seven windows or lights Tor every dwelling-house having ninety-eight windows or lights - For every dwelling house having ninety nine windows or lights For every dwelling house having one hundred windows or lights ' -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and one windows or

Fi-l.ts - '

Tor every dwelling house having one hundred and two windows or

lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and three windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and four windows or

lights -

‘For every dwelling-house having one hundred and five windows or lights

- For every dwelling house hav’ng one hundred and six windows or lights -

Tor every dwelling-house having one hundred and seven windows or lights

tFor every dwelling-house having one hundred and eight windows or lights

For every dwelling-house IiaVing one hundred and nine windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and ten windows or lights

Duties.

£ j.

*7 3 .5

IT- 5 7

17 79

’7911

18 2 M

18 5 I

i 8 7 3

1895

i 8 r i 1

94 7

*9 69

>98 i (

'9i r i

9*3 3

20 6 3

20 8 5

20 ! O 7

20 129

20 14 11

21 7 11

21 IO t

21 12 3

2 1 14 5

21 16 7

22 i9 4

23 i 6

23 3 8

23 5 IO

23 8 o

23 IO 2

23 12 4

23 *4 6

23 16 8

23 i 8 to

25 I 7

For

'The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Number of Windows.

For every dwelling house having one hundred and eleven windows or ilights ' "

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twelve windows Or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and thirteen windows or 'lights -

For ezery dwelling-house having one hundred and fourteen windows or lights"

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifteen window's or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifteen windows or ‘ lights -

For every dwelling house hiving one hundred and seventeen windows ’ or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and eighteen windows 'or lights

For every dwelling house having cne hundred and nineteen windows *or lights -

For every dwelling house hating one hundred and twenty windows or

lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and twenty one-windows ->or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twenty-two windows 'or lights -

For every dwelling house having or.e hundred and twenty-three windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twenty four windows or lights -

For exery dwelling house having one Irundred and twenty five windows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twenty six windows 'or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and twenty-seven v/in-‘clows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twenty eight win Mows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and twenty hine windows *or lights

For every dwetling-house having One hundred and thirty windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and thirty-one windows cr lights

For every dwelling-house having Cne hundred and thirty two windows t>r lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and thirty three windows or fights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and thhty-four windows Or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and thirty-five windows Or lights

3E2

£ s. d.

2S 39

5 II

*5 8 I

25 10 3

25 12 5

25 *4 7

25 169

25 18 1 r

26 1 t

27 3 10

27 6 0

27 8 2

27 10 4

27 12 6

27 *4 8

27 16 it>

27 >90

28 i 2

28 3 4

29 <5 t

29 '8 3

29 10 5

29 12 7

29 149

-) 16 *i i

403

‘799-Chap. 15.

For

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Number of Window.

For every dwelling house hiving one hundred and thirty-six windows or

lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and thirty Icven Windows

or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and thirty-eight windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and thirty nine windows

or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and forty windows Or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and forty-one windows Or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and forty-two windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and forty-three windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and forty-four windows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and forty-five windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and forty-fik windows or lights

- For every dwelling house having one hundred and forty-seven windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and Iforty eight windows or lights

'For every dwelling house having one hundred and forty nine windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty windows or lights

For every dwelling house lxaving one hundred and fifty-one windows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty* two windows or lights -

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifry-three windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty four windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifty-five windows or

lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty six windows or

i gilts

"For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty seven windows or lights

For every dwelling house having one hundred and fifty eight windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and fifty-nine windows

or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty windows or -fights -

Fct

Duties.

20 >0

30 1 J

3° 3 5

30 5 7

31 8 4

3* 10 6

31 12

3* *4

3‘ *7

3‘ >92

32 I 4

32 3 6

3* 5 8

3* 7 le

33 10 1

33 129

33 «4 11

33 *7

33 l9 3

34 1 5

34 39

34 59

34 7 11

34 10 1

35 12 10

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Number of Windows.

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty-onc windows or lights - v

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and Gxty-two windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty-three windows

or lights -

For every dwclliag-house having one hundred and sixty-four windows or ' lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty-five windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty-Gx windows or

lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty-seven windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and Gxty-eight windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and sixty-nine windows or lights -

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-one windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy two windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-three windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-foyr windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-five windows or lights

Fo| every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-six windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-seven windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy.eight windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and seventy-nine windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and eighty windows or lights

For every dwelling-house having one hundred and eighty-one windows or lights and upwardsj additional for each window or light

205

Duties. A.D.

£. /. d. 799-

35 *5 0 Chap. 15,

35 »7 2

35 <94

36 1 6

36 3 8

36 5 i*

3<f 8

3<f 10

36 12 4

37 'S

37 *7 3

37 *9 5

3* 7

38 39

38 5 11

38 8 1

3* 10 3

38 ii 5

38 14 7

39 *7 4

Vol. BX 3 F

2c6 The thirty-ninth George III.

A.D.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing. Herein contained shall ex* I 7^9. tend to subject the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, near Dublin, or any inhabitant or occupier therein, in respe£fc of such inhabitancy or occupancy, to the payment of any duty for any window in such college con*

mined.

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for the further Amendment of an Act in, the

Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King the Third, Entitled, An Act for the better and moie convenient Admmift ration of and for the Recovery of

smallDebts in a summary JVay, at the Peace

at the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act-, Entitled, An Act, for the better Execution of and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large,

Tttrfdciy the seventh dry cf May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER* D. CLER. PARL.

Recital 36 WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his G. 3. c. 25. y y present Majesty's reign, entitled, act for the better and

more convenient a dmin'fration of , and for the recovery of small debts in a summary way,at the fcssions of the peace of the feve-

ral counties at large within this kingdom, (except the county of Dublin,) and for continuing and entitled. An a Cl

for the better execution of the law, and preservation of the peace Payment* ap- within counties at large,' it is enabled. That the assistant bar niters hhdaa for appointed by virtue of laid act, and such as had been theretofore afliitant bar- appointed, should be lcvcrally and respectively paid, out of the consolidated fund, such salaries as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom should by warrant, direct, not exceeding such yearly sum as, with the fees payable to fuqh assistant barrister on civil bill decrees, renewals apd dismisses, should amount to the clear net sum of four hundred pounds a year, to Clerks of each of the said assistant barristers; and that the clerk of the peace to certify' for each county shall, half-yearly, on every iirft of June, and first amount of Qf Tanuary certify to the secretary of the treasury the amount of

fees parable J J J r r

to barristers such fees so payable to each barrister for the preceding half-year, were'ifflTed :'es and that n0 salary should issue from the treasury until such certificate should have been made, to the end that the fees so payable to 8 such

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 207

such assistant barrister upon decrees, renewals and dismisses, may A.D. be deduced half-yearly from his salary as aforesaid, and the balance 1799. paid him out of the treasury: And whereas the several counties in this kingdom are so unequal and disproportionate to each other, Weight of ci-as to the weight of civil bill business, that it hath been thought nefa";^ dlfpr*-proper not to deduct from the salary of the assistant barristers the portionatc,

* 2nd fees

fees so payable to them as aforesaid: And whereas it hath been should not be found, that the said former arrangement was highly, prejudicial to deducted: the revenue, in as much as there was no proportion between the form«rar*

41 rangement

fees certified into the treasury and those which appear to have been prejudicial to

payable upon the number of decrees, renewals, and difmjffes ac- rcvcnue:

tually made; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing 40ol. a yfar

of this act, the several assistant barristers so appointed, and to be to be

' 1 1 quarterly to

appointed as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively receive the assistant bar-net yearly sum of four hundred pounds sterling, by quarterly pay- out deduab* ments, on the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of offeeii June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, in each and every year, the first payment thereof to-be made on- the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, without any deduction for the fees so payable upon decrees, renewals, or dismisses as aforesaid, and that it shall not be thenceforth necessary for the several clerks of the of peace to certify to the secretary of the treasury the amount of such fees as by the said statute is. required. amount of

II. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for every such c's"

# # ' Fees granted

assistant barrister at pll times hereafter to receive all such fees as by by said act the said act of the thirty-sixth of his present Majesty, are particularly specified, and made payable to them by the fad aft.

III. And whereas by the said herein before mentioned act, the I Imitation of said assistant barristers are only authorized to make decrees on mo- d"cr«*on10 nitions issuing from the ecclesiastical courts for non-payment of m°'»‘tions sums not exceeding twenty pounds: And whereas the debt in such aiticalcouft*: cases having been ascertained by such monition, and the decree of it ;s expedi-the assistant barrister being only process to enforce the fame, it is "ffifunt* now thought expedient not to limit the assistant barrister in respect barrister.

to such decrees; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such assistant barristers at all There shall times hereafter to make decrees upon all monitions issuing out of t;on on fuJn the ecclesiastical courts, without any limitation on account of the d'‘cr-e3, sum therein contained.

-i F 2 IV. And

Affidavits for renewal of decrees or di’f-ixiifles may be made by agents or proctors, with alterations herein direct-cd.

Decrees and dismisses may be renewed every 6 months.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

IV. And whereas it hath been found inconvenient that the affidavit for the renewal of civil bill decrees, or dismisses, must iu all cases be made by one of the parties in the original decrees or dismisses, or by the personal representative of such party; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall at all times from henceforth be lawful for the known agent, manager, or proctor of such original party to make such affidavit, in which case the words, " one of the parties," in the present form of the affidavit specified, shall be omitted, and instead thereof, shall be substituted (known agent, manager, or proctor, as the case may be) to C.D. plaintiff or defendant, (as the case may be) and that such persan so making said affidavit, shall add these words at the end thereof, " as he doth verily believe."

V. Provided, That it shall be lawful at all times henceforth to renew all decrees, or dismisses once in every six months, or as near thereto as the times jfor holding the said several sessions will permit.

CHAP. XVII.

An Act for extending to the County of the different

r Lawif tiffed in this Kingdom for establishing and

regulating offPublic Infirmaries or

- Tuesday the seventh day §f May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal AJJent given.

JOHN GAYER; D. CLER. PARL.

Recital 5 G. TY WHEREAS an act passed in this kingdom in the fifth year of 3' W the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for erefl-

ing and establishing public infirmaries or in this

whereby it is enacted, that receptacles be found for the poor who are infirm and diseased in the several counties, and in the manner therein mentioned, and the said act contains several regulations respecting the management of the said infirmaries or hospitals, and of the said corporations, and for enabling tenants for life to grant in perpetuity, ground, or houses, for such infirmaries or hospitals, and for enabling grand juries to grant presentments to be applied Co. Water- for the use of the said infirmaries or hospitals: And whereas the namedln"feid county of Waterford is not one of the counties named in the said act* aft, in which an infirmary or hospital was by the said act authorized to be erected and established under the provisions therein contained

5 The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 209

tained; and it is expedient, that the provisions of the said act, as A.D. also of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his *799-present Majesty, entitled, An act for the further regulation ofpub-lie infirmaries or hospitals, should be extended to the county of ' Waterford, and that a public infirmary or hospital shall be erected and established in the said county; be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his grace the lord archbishop of Armagh, the lord high chancel- be a body po-lor, the right reverend the lord bishop of Waterford and Lismore,- porate"dand the governor of the county of Waterford, the representatives in par- cal,ed

liament for the county of Waterford, the reftor and vicar of the of co. Wa-*. parishes of Kilmac-Thomas and Newtown, in the said county' of £Cjlofp1’ Waterford, all for the time being, and all donors or subscribers to the amount herein after mentioned, shall from and after the passing of this act, for ever, in name, and in fast, be a body politic and corporate, in law, to all intents and purposes, and more especially for the purpose of erecting or establishing a public infirmary or . hospital in the said county of Waterford, which said body politic and corporate shall have perpetual succeslion, and be called, the governors of the county of Waterford hospital, and shall be enabled to plead and implead, and to sue and be sued by the said name, and shall and may have a common seal for their use, and Governor* may without license in mortmain purchase, take, and receive any £nd»fiot exlands, tenements, or hereditaments whatsoever, not exceeding the value of two hundred pounds, and shall be capable of taking feriptions, &c. gifts, grants, contributions, and benefactions, and annual subserip- &c*in trust* tions to any amount in personal property, in trust for the sole use and benefit of the infirmary or hospital of the said county of Waterford, and shall have power to employ the fame for the use of the said infirmary or hospital, in such manner as they shall judge proper, unless the donor shall direct the manner of applying such benefaction or subscription for the support of thfe said infirmary or hospital.

II. And be it enacted, That the said infirmary or hospital shall Hospital to be erected or established in the town of Kilmac-Thomas, in the said ^wT^ra-county of Waterford, on such feite as shall be approved of by the mac-Thomas. aforesaid corporation, and that every donor of any sum not less A donor of than twenty guineas to the said infirmary or hospital, shall be a be'a governor governor for life; and every person who shall subscribe and pay life,

any sum not less than three guineas for the use of the said infir- subsc.nber

J . 0 of 3 guinea*

mary or hospital, shall be a member of the said corporation or shall be a Vol. XIX. 3G body-^.berfora

I

2io The thirty-ninth Year George III.

A.D.

body-corporate for one year, from the first day of January next 1799. following such subscription or payment.

III. And be it enacted, That all tenants for Hfe, with remainder Tenants for to the first and other sons in tail, shall be, and are hereby em-hfe may make p0rwerctj to make fee farm grants or leases, in perpetuity to the said

corporation, of any quantity of ground, not exceeding two acres.

ltafcs of ground to

corporation . (

not exceeding or ol one or more houses contiguous with each other, at the full <Vhouse»*con- *rnPPovetJ rent, which fee farm grant or grant3, and lease or leases, tiguous the said corporation shall, and are hereby empowered to take for building and ercdling the said infirmary or hospital on such ground, or for converting such house or houses into an hospital or infirmary, for the said county.

G. juries may

IV. And be it enacted, That the grand jury of the said county yoLto foot! of Waterford, shall at the first affixes after the said infirmary or affixes after *' hospital he for the reception of patients, and at every sum-the infirmary mer assizes after, present a sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, shall be open- nQr jeps tiian fifty pounds, to be raised on the said county at large, and paid to the treasurer of the said county, to he by him paid ever *to the treasurer of the said infirmary or hospital, on his drafts or receipts, which draft6 or receipts shall be allowed as vouchers to the said county treasurer, on passing his accounts, and which money shall be applied by the governors and governesses iff the said infirmary or hospital, in providing food, meoicines; and other necessaries, for the patients, in repairing the buildings, and the furniture thereof, and in paying the rents of the said infirmary or hospital.

V. And be it enacted, That all the clauses and restrictions contained in the said recited acts of the fifth and of the thirty-first years of his present Majesty, as to the mode of electing surgeons, removing and regulating the conduct of the treasurer and servants, as to the qualifications of the persons to be appointed, as to the Salaries to be paid to each of them, as to the quorum and meetings of governors, mode and -powers of acting in the several case# pointed out by the said recited acts, admission-of patients, and the mode by which governors are enabled to compel treasurers to account, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to the said infirmary of the county of Waterford, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been included in the said herein before recited acts.

application of such money.

jClauses in infirmary a&p,

5 and 31 G. 3. extended to co. Waterford infirmary*

s<»eral penal-

VI. And whereas by several different statutes enacted in this

ties mfliaed # ' ^'

by different kingdom, several penalties are enacted and inflicted to be levied dh«tt«Uobe from persons committing the different offences specified in the said handed to go- a&8 respectively, which said penalties, or a proportion thereof

vemors of in*

firmarics: when

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. %i\

when levied, are by the said statutes directed to handed to the A. I}, governors of the infirmary of the county in which the offence was 179S* committed, or their treasurer, for the use of the said infirmary of v r the said county, be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures when such inflicted by any act or acts heretofore passed, or such proportion £aU

or share of such penalties or forfeitures as (Jiall hereafter arise, ac- Wa* crue, or become forfeited or payable within the county of Water- fhlube hand-ford, and which when levied is, or are by the said acts, or any of cd overto the

J 1 J J governor or them, directed to be paid to the governors or governesses of the their treafa-county infirmary, or their treasurer, or to be in any manner ap- r^r' plied to or for the use of the of the county infirmary, shall be paid to the said corporation hereby created, or to their treasurer, and shall be vested in the said corporation, and may be sued for and recovered by them as fully, to all' intents and purposes, as if the county of Waterford had been included in the said recited acts of the fifth and thirty-first years of his present Majesty, and that an infirmary had been erected and established within the said county, under the said acts, previous to the passing of the several laws en-acting or creating the said respective penalties.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify

themselves according to Law.

Tuesday the feoenth day of Mays one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, v Roya! Assent given.

John Gayer, d. clerk* parl.

WHEREAS several persons well affected to his Majesty's government, and Eijired.

the church of Ireland, as by law established, may have through ignorance neglected, or been prevented by sickness, or other unavoidable causes, from taking and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the lord’s supper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to the directions of an act passed in the second year of- the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, and may thereby have incurred great penalties; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and evefry person and persons, who have incurred any penalties or incapacities in the said act, entitled.

An act to prevent the further growth of popery, mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, and penalties incurred by reason of such omillion or neglect as aforesaidj and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason

212

A.D. 1799.

Several parish churches have been in ruins, and cathedrals

'The thirty-ninth Year $/* George III.

of such neglect or omission; but all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared* to be as good and effectual as if all and every such person and persons had takeii and subscribed the said oaths and received the said sacrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and made, repeated and subscribed the said declaration, at such time, place, and manner as therein mentioned, any thing in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That such person or persons do, and shall take and subscribe the fail oaths, and mak , repeat, and subscribe the said declaration, in such manner and form, and in such place and places as are directed and appointed by the said act, to prevent the further growth of popery, on or before the first day of January which shall be in the year one thousand eight hundred \ provided always, that this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to restore or entitle any person or persons to any office or employment already actually avoided by judgment in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already filled up by any other person, but that such office or employment shall be, and remain in the person and persons who is or are now entitled by law to the fame, as if this act had never been male: Ani whereas certain persons being members of the house of peers, may through inattention or inadvcrtance, have omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the oaths, and to make and subscribe the declaration at the time and in the manner which they are required by law to do, and may have thereby incurred great penalties, and been rendered subject to great disabilities and in ^parities: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesai , that all an I every fuqh person or persons, being protestants, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed* and discharged of and from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, and penalties, incurred by reason of such omission or neglect; and that no aft done by them, or any of them, shall be questione I by reason of such omission or neglect, but that all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and cnafte I to be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such person and persons ha j taken and subscribed the said oaths, and made and subscribed such declaration at such time and place, and in such manner as they are required to do by law: provided always, That such person or persons shall have taken and subscribed, or shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and make and subscribe the said declaration, in such manner and form, and in such place as they are required to do by law, in and during the fame, or the next succeeding session of parliament to that in which they have fat and voted, without the taking such oaths, and making and subscribing such declaration as aforesaid.

CHAP XIX.

An Act for the Repairing of Cathedral Churches in cases where the Parish Churches have been long in Ruins.

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and

Royal jiffent gtven.

John Gayer, 0. clerk parl.

WHEREAS in several instances in this kingdom, the mother churches of certain parishes or unions situate, lying, and being in towns and cities which are the fees 3 of

Fhe thirty-ninth Fear -of George IK. 213

of bishops, have been in ruins for many years past, and the A.D. cathedral churches of such dioceses have been made use of '7'v9

Char*. 10-

from their convenient firuation to serve for all legal purposes of parish churches in the parishes or unions wherein they arc situated. And whereas doubts have occurred, whether un- :>nd doubts

niv<r occurred

<ier such circumstances it be legal to aflVfs, applot, or levy as to 1-aKty from, or upon the inhabitants of such parishes for the re- rjp.n.s'oFfi.cti pair of such cathedral churches , Be it enacted by the King’s c.-uIkJ.-k

1 M -iuy

most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent be ap-tuid

of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the c,ull‘;h W3p

r 7 J J dens anpoint-

fame. That in all such cases as before mentioned, it shall c.i »« f»r p»-and may be lawful to a fiefs, applot, and levy money on all such parishes and unions to repair such cathedral churches, in like manner, to all intents and purposes wha tsoever, as if such cathedral churches were the parish churches^ of said parishes or unions, and that church-wardens shall be annually chosen or appointed in like manner, and with like pow'ers, and subject to the same rules and regulations as church-wardens for parishes or unions now arc in all respects.

II. And be it further enacted, That all aels heretofore Alt a<R« beie-had and done in such cathedral churches shall be, and are ,r h<fre'

after done in

hereby declared to be as good and valid in law, to all in- caihe-

I r ’ r r 1 drills, shall be

'tents and purposes, as if such cathedral churches had been valid as if the parish churches* of such parishes or unions respectively; churches, und that for the future, all acts done in such cathedrals, and wi'hoi,t px-

i judice to

all veltries held therein, shall be deemed legal, as if they rights of ca-had been performed in the parish church of such parish or fl^plfdcau^ union, and such cathedral churches shall be deemed and and chapter*, taken to be the parish churches of such parishes or unions jcspectively, without prejudice to the rights, privileges, and immunities of such cathedrals, and saving to the bishops of such fees, and to the deans and chapters of such cathedrals, their several and respective and difiintf rights, privileges, and immunities in such cathedrals-, any thing in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

r, H

CHAP.

214 thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

1.799-

CHAP. XX.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year xf

His Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the

Collection of the Duties on Male , and to secure

the Payment thereof and for the better Collection of the Duties on Fire Hearths, and on Coaches and other riages.

5Tuefday the ft venth day of May% one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nim%

Royal Jijfent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

It 1*8 expedient to continue 18 G.

3- 45-

Said shall continue to 24 June,

1 Sec, and to end of next IJLon.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the collection of the duties on male Servants, and to secure the payment thereof and fur the better collection of the duties on fre hear, and on coaches and other

carriages; Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and continue, to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXI.

An Act to continue an Act pajfii in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee,- and securing the Duties payable thereon.

TutfJay the seventh day of May, one thousand J'even hundred and ninety mne*

Royal jijfent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CEER. PARI

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed Coffee aft,

xn q. i, cou*

in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, tinned to 24. entitled, An Act for regulating the import, export, and coffee, and securing the duties payable thereon-. Be it enacted of^next by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and continue to be of force for one year until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

2lS

A.D.

179

CHAP. XXII.

-An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco.

*Ttitfday thi fevtntb day of May, one thousand hundred and

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, E. CLER. FA EL.

WHEREAS ‘it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for regulating and extending the tobacco trade,

3 H 2 and

2 1^5 The thirty-ninth Year George III.

A* and for securing the duties payable upon the import and -

k factureof tobacco: Be it enacted by the King’s most excel-

Tobacco aa, lent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the tinu«d to 24 lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present *an<Hoend°of Par^ament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

next session. That the said act shall be, and continue to be of force, until the twenty-fourth day^of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to ^he end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting additional Duties on , Ak, and Spirits

imported into this Kingdom.

Tueflay tlx seventh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and tiine1y*mines

Royal Assent givi ft.

JOHN GATER, D. CLER. PARE.

T^OR the further support of your Majesty's government; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in thi£ present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year one thousand eight hundred inclusive, and no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, colledied,levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the following articles which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid; that is to say, for and upon all beer, ale, and porter, for- every thirty-t.ro gallons thereof, an additional duty of four pence halfpenny; for and upon all spirits, for every gallon thereof, an additional duty of seven pence, and for every gallon of such spirits, a further duty in proportion to the duty on {ingle spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to single spirits, which said several additional duties shall be over and above a!l other duties imposed on the said articles, by virtue of an act passed this feiTion cf parliament, entitled. An act for granting for one year, the several duties therein mentioned, m lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein speeifedy during the said tcrmy and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for ether purpcfsy or by any other act or acts of parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, the same to be ralfed, an wered, collected, levied, and paid by the fame ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and . ire£tions, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and powers, and be accounted1 for unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in the same manner as the duty payable on the importation of the said articles, by virtue of the said recited act, is thereby appointed to be raised, answered, collected, levied* paid and accounted for, and that the same shall be subject to the like drawbacks as by the said recited act are pteferibed, with respect to the duty on the importation of the articles therein mentioned.

f CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend and continue an Act iaji of

Parliament, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on Glass Bottles made in this , and on Paper, printed,painted, or Jlained, in this Kingdom, to

serve for Hangings or other Uses.

Tuesday the seventh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine

Royal jdjfent given.

JOHN GAYER. D. CLER. PAUL.

N.

J

WHEREAS it is necessary to amend an act passed Iaft It !< necef-session of parliament, entitled, An act to [hTaaoT"*4

the collection of the duties on auctions, and on glass bottles made duties"©, in this kingdom, and on paper,printed, painted or fained in aoaions, this kingdom to serve for hangings or other uses, and to prevent and paper ’ frauds therein, and to continue the fame, save such parts haDS,nS* thereof as are amended or altered by this act; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person rtiall vend or sell any estate, goods or effects whatsoever by public sale or otherwise, by way of auction, in any manner whatsoever, as it deputy of, or as assistant, or clerk to, or in the name of any person licensed to fell by auction, un- 50l. penalty less notice thereof in writing, under the hand of the per-. audion" vit^ son in whose name the effects at such auction rtiall be fold, out.3 rfar»

7 notice From

rtiall three days before the day of sale have been given to proprietort» the collefW of the district, or to the surveyor of excise in surveyor, the walk in which such auction shall be held, signifying the name and place of abode of the person so authorized to fell for him, nor unless the person so deputed or authorized rtiall be then licensed to fell by auction; and if any person rtiall so vend or sell by auction, for or on account of any other person without such notice having been given, or without being himself licensed to fell by auction, every such person for every such offence rtiall forfeit the sura of fifty pounds;

217

A.D. 1799.

A

2l8

A.D.

- 1799-Chap. 24.

- Aucliom’cra prudute lleenfes lojtif-tievs or rev. officers on demand, penalty 50l. or 3 weeks irnpri-fou incut.

Commissioners to give 3 rlav* notice in Gazette when they alter 11 amps for paper hangings, and officers Pnall attend to mark within 24.hours after they are required by paper Hampers, within time appointed by commissioners, which shall not be less than two months.

Paper found without new marks, after time prescribed, shall be forfeited.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

And if any person felling by au<flion shall not at the time of sale, on demand of any justice of the peace, or officer of his Majesty's revenue, produce and fbew to such justice or officer a license authorizing him to fell by auction,’ he shall for every default forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and any peace officer shall and may take such person into custody, and bring him before a justice of the peace, who, upon proof of the fa<ft, shall commit such person to the house of correction or other gaol, for a time not exceeding three weeks.

II. And be it enacted, That as often as the stamps, seals or marks for denoting that an account had been taken of paper for printing, painting, or staining, to serve for hangings or other uses, and the stamps, seals or marks for denoting the measure of such paper, and also the stamps, seals or marks for denoting the charging of the duty thereon, or any of them, shall be altered or changed, notice thereof shall be given by the chief commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the Dublin Gazette for three successive days of publication thereof; and that any person who shall have in his or her custody or possession any paper for printing, painting or staining, to serve for hangings or other uses, or any such paper printed or stained, marked, sealed or stamped, with the several stamps, seals, or marks, or any of them, before such time in use, may, withirf such time as the said commissioners shall by the said notice appoint, not less than two months from the third day of the said publication of such notice, require the officers of excise, authorized to seal, mark, or stamp paper for printing, painting, or staining, to serve for hangings or other uses, or such printed, painted or stained paper, to stamp the fame, and every such officer is hereby required, without fee or reward, within twenty-four hours after demand, to stamp, seal and mark the fame with the new stamps, seals, or marks, or any of them, which the said commissioners shall have provided for the purposes aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That after the expiration of the time so to be appointed within which such paper for printing, painting or staining, to serve for hangings or other uses, or any such paper printed, painted or stained, as had been stamped, sealed, or marked with the former stamps, seals or

7 marks,

*1The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

marks, or any of them used for the purposes aforesaid, respectively, may be stamped, scaled or marked with the new {tamps, seals or marks which shall have been provided, all such paper found in the possession of any person without such new or altered or changed stamps, seals or marks thereon, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

IV. And be it enacted, That every printer, painter, or ftdiner cf paper, to serve for hangings on other uses, or Iris wife, son, daughter, or some person employed by him or her, shall, on demand of any officer of his Majesty’fc revenue, at the house, ware house, or work-house of such printer, painter or stainer of paper, shew- all his, her, or their dock of printed, painted and Gained paper, and paper marked for printing, painting, or staining, and declare to such officer that the flock of paper so shewn is all the flock of paper of such printer, painter or stainer of paper; and in default of shewing such paper or making such declaration, the printer, painter, or stainer of paper, from whom, or from wdiofe wife, son, daughter, or l'ervant such demand was made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all such printed, painted, or stained paper, and paper marked for printing, painting, and fiaining which shall not be so shewn, shall be deemed to have been fraudulently hidden or concealed by the printer, painter or stainer in whose possession the same shall be found, and shall be forfeited and seized, and such printer, painter or flainer, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That every printer, painter, or flainer of paper, shall have constantly fixed in his or her manufactory, steps or flairs to every apartment or place therein used for printing, painting, or staining paper, or keeping or storing the fame, sufficient to enable any officer of excise who shall enter such manufactory to have convenient and safe access to the several apartments and places therein, and shall also provide such lights as may be necessary for any officer to view and take an account of the flock of such printer, painter, or stainer of paper; and for every time any officer of excise shall attend at such manufactory, when there shall not be such flairs or steps, or when such officer shall not be furnished with such lights, after demand-

219

A.D.

1799-Chan. 2 ir.

Piper flain-its to

and declare flu A to offices, penalty

Sol.

Paper not shewn shall be lurst :tej, and I col.

Proper flairs and lights to be provided, for officers to examine flock, penalty 20l. for every time.

3 I 2

ing

2 20

A.D.

‘799-Chap. 2 4-

Fines, &C-Lv this act,

‘5

vnih likL’.rc-

r.edy of appeal.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ing such lights, the printer, painter or flainer of paper,

shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and rot otherwise except as by this act is otherwise provided for, fha 11 and fiia'ii berecov- may he sued for, recovered and levied in such manner and m-dast<jM4 form> and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prefcished, directed and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth ana fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, sin act for the settling the cxnfe cr new upon his -

Jefj, his heirs and success'ors, according to the book of rates therein inferied, as fully and efic6lually, to all intents, con-firu61ions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and cna61cd in this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or t.hcmselves aggrieved or injured as in and by the said act or this present act is provided.

Such parts Vtl. And be it enacted, That the said recited act, ex-

cf ice.Ud act,

as are not cept such parts thereof as are amended or.altered by this t-XCai><rth's act, together with this act, shall continue of force until the thilie'll! C'f twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, jme, isce, and J"rom thence to the end of the then next session of par-

and til emi of .,

next teJiion. liament, and no longer.

CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to enable the Commissioner of the in Ireland

to receive from the Commissioners of the Treasury in England, a Sum not exceeding the Sum therein , as a

Loan, in Part of the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for securing the Inte and Charges , and for raising by Loan a further Sum towards the said , and to exempt from certain Duties such Persons as shall have paid such voluntary Contribution as therein mentioned.

221

A.D. 1799.

Tuesday the seventh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety niney

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLF.R. PARL.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in this present session of parliament. Expired.

entitled, An act for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the interest upon the principal sums therein provided for, and totuards the discharge of such principal sums% in such manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majesty's treasury to receive certain sums for a limited time in manner therein mentioned, and for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fundy and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for other purposes> it is enacted, That by and out of such monies as shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the surplus of the fund called the qonfolidated fund, from the twenty-'fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, after paying and referring 4ufficient to pay all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament, ot by any act or acts passed this session of parliament to be paid out of the fame, shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty for the year one thousand fe-<ven hundred and ninety-nine, a sum not exceeding five millions eighty thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight pounds one shilling and eight pence halfpenny.

II. And whereas by a resolution of the house of commons of Ireland of the twenty-seventh day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it is -resolved, That towards raising the said sum of five millions eighty thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight pounds one shilling and eight pence halfpenny, being the amount of the supply granted to his Majesty, the sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds be raisedon loan; and by another resolution of the said house, on the fame day, it is resolved, That in case the parliament of Great Britain shall enable his Majesty from time to time to make remittances of any sum or sums not exceeding the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be applied to his Majesty's service in Ireland, in such manner as shall be approved of by the parliament of Ireland, the same shall be received as part of the said sum authorized to

222 The- thirty-ninth Y'ear of George III.

A.D.

be raised by loan, and that provision Avail be made for defraying the interest or an-1790* nuities on, and charges of a loan to that amount in Great Britain; and by another Chap^ 25. resolution of the said house, on the fame day, it is resolved, That the commissioners -of his Majesty's treasury may, with the consent of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, raise by loan any sum or sums, not exceeding the remainder of the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, by issue of debentures or treasury bills, or by flock transferable in the bank of England, if the governor mid company of the said bank shall agree to keep transfer books of such flock, or by flock to be transferable at the bank of Ireland, aided or not aided by a premium, or by annuit/es for certain terms of years, or for life, being granted with them or by the sale of annuities for-one life each, or for certain terms of years, or by all or any of the ways and means aforesaid, together or separately, as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, such debentures or flock to carry such interest, not exceeding five pounds /er centum per annum, and every such premium not to exceed in value the rate of ten pounds lor every one hundred pounds per annum subscribed, and every such annuity to be granted in aid thereof, to be for such term of years' or for such life, and of such amount, and every annuity to be sold at so many years purchase, and for such iife, and all such interest and annuities severally to commence from such times respectively, as shall be agr ed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or in such other manner as (lvill be directed by parliament; therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that in c*fu his M i jesty shall be enabled by the parliament of Great Britain to make any remittance or remittances of money, to be applied to his Majesty's service in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland to receive, or cause to be received, at the receipt of his exchequer in Ireland, fronvthe commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, all such sum and sums of money, not exceeding the said fun of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, as shall be paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, and such sum or sums as shall be so remitted, shall be conli-dered as part of the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, authorized to be raised by loan as aforesaid, and the same shall be applied by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland, towards the several purposes for which the supply granted to his Majesty by the said recited act is thereby directed to be applied.

III. And in order to make provision to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England to cause such interest or annuities, or charges as may be agreed by them to be paid on any loan in Great Britain, out of which such sum or sums may be remitted to Ireland, be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids and duties appropriated to the payment of the interest and charges of any sum or sums raised by loan in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament made in Ireland, the fcommissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland shall cause to be issued out of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, and paid in London to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, the amount of each half year’s interest or annuity, and quarterly charge, to which the loan or loans made In Great Britain, out of which such remittance or remittances shall be respectively made, shall be subject to.

IV. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treafu/y in Ireland may, with the consent of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, raile by loan any sum or sums not exceeding

- the

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

the remainder of the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds by issue of debentures or treasury bills, or by (lock transferable in the bank of England, if the governor and company of the said bank shall agree to keep transfer books of such Hock, or by (lock to be transferable at the bank of Ireland, aided or not aided by a premium, or by annuities for certain terms of years, or for life, being granted with them, or by the sale of annuities for one life each, or for certain terms of years, or by all or any of the ways and means aforesaid, together or separately, as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, such debentures or Hock to carry such interest, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, and every such premium not to exceed In value the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds per annum subscribed, and every such annuity to be granted in aid thereof, to be for such term of years, *or for such life, amt of such amount, and every annuity to be sold at so many years purchase, and for such life, end all such interest and annuities severally to commence from such times respectively as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, or in such other manner as shall be directed by parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That every person who hath paid into his Majesty's treasury prior to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, such sum as he or Hie agreed to pay within the year ended the said twenty-fifth day of March, as a voluntary contribution, and shall have paid a further sum of one hundred pounds, and upwards, and every person not having heretofore agreed to pay any sum as a voluntary contribution who shall have paid on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, into the said treasury, as a voluntary contribution, a sum of one hundred pounds, and upwards, shall be exempted from the payment of all duties on male servants, fire hearths, and carriages, granted and payable to his Majesty, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

223

A. A.

1799-

CHAP. XXVI.

1

An Act to explain and amend the several Acts now in Beings for the empowering the Commifponer of Barracks to provide Barracks and other Accommodations for His Majestys Troops within this Kingdom, and for the better enabling them to proceed in their Marches.

TTuefday the seventh day »f May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine.

Royal AJjtnt given*

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS by an act made in the fourth year of the reign of By recited his Majesty King George the first, entitled, An for vejl- *’

ing in his Majesty,his heirs and successors, the several lands, tene- other subse-

ments, and hereditaments the barracks in this kingdom are lord lieut. was

built or building, or contracted for, and whereon light-houses are or shall be built, and for making reafnable satisfaction to the federal ir.issioners of

K barracks.

w 2 owners

it it often expedient to fend one of said commissioners to several did rids.

lord lieut* may empower one commi ffioner of barracks to execute said acts, in same manner as they may be now executed by three.

All afit of such commissioner, so appointed, shall be as valid at if by three or more.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

owners and proprietors for the fame, and likewise for amending an act made in the sixth year of her late Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent the difordets that may happen by the marching of foldiersj and for providing carriages for the baggage of the soldiers in their march; and by the several acts for continuing and amending the same, it is among other things provided and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, as often as there shall be occasion for the fame, by one or more commission or commissions under the great seal of Ireland, to authorize and appoint any number of persons to be commissioners to execute the powers thereby given, which said commissioners, or any three or more of them are thereby authorized to execute and perform the several duties therein mentioned: And whereas it is often times found expedient on account of the great increase of the military establishment in this kingdom, to fend some one of the said commissioners into the several districts of this kingdom, for the purpose of expediting and providing quarters and accommodations for his Majesty's troops, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief- governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, for and during such period as to him or them shall seem expedient, by order under the hand of the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, or his or their chief secretary, to authorize and empower any one of the said commissioners or overseers of barracks for the time being, to be mentioned in the said order, to perform and execute all or any of the several powers in the said recited acts, and patents or commissions contained, in as full and ample a manner as the fame may now be performed by any three or more of the said commissioners or overseers of barracks, under and by virtue of the said several acts of parliament herein before mentioned, or any other acts of parliament that now are or shall hereafter be in force in this kingdom, for impowering or otherwise regulating or directing the conduct and powers of the said commissioners of barracks.

II. And be it further enacted, That all orders, contracts and regulations, to be done and performed by the said commissioner or overseer, so to be appointed by the said order of the said lord lieutenant or chief governor or governors in pursuance of the said order, and of the said several acts of parliament, shall be as good, 3 efficient,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

efficient, and valid to all intents and purposes as if the fame were done, performed, and executed by any three or more of the said commissioners or overseers of barracks.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall in any wise be construed to alter, restrain, or affect in any manner the powers of the said commissioners, which are exercised by them for civil purposes, as a board of works under their respective patents, or which in any other matter or respect-relates to their or any of their powers, as to the several public works of this kingdom, so far as the fame do not concern the providing of, or contracting for barracks or other the accommodation of his Majesty's forces during such period, as the said order so to be issued to any one of the said commissioners as aforesaid shall subsist, and be in force under the authority aforesaid,

Not to affoSfc their powers as a board of works, of any other matter not relating to accommodation of King'* forces.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the Reduction of Drawbacks and Bounties now allowed on the Exportation of Sugar.

'Tuesday the five nth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, Royal

AJftnt gwen*

JOHN GAYER,' D. CLER. PARL.

"XII WHEREAS towards raising thr necessary supplies granted for the support of your Majesty's government, it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties now payable by law on the exportation of sugar, should be reduced: wherefore, wc the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enatted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, of the drawbacks allowed by any law during the said period, on the exportation from this kingdom, of any sugar in the fame slate in which it was imported into this kingdom, four shillings and four pence for each , and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof; that from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; of the drawbacks or bounties allowed by any law during the said period on the exportation from this kingdom of any refined sugars, called bastards, or any ground or powdered sugar, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, or refined sugar called candy, four shillings and four pence for each and every hundred weight of such sugar, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof; and that from and after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of Vol. XIX., 3 L March,

Expired.

2 4-6

The thirty-ninth Year orge III. A.D. 1799.

March, one thousand eight hundred; of the drawbacks or bounties allowed by any law during the said period, on the exportation from this kingdom, of any other refined sugar, seven shillings and seven penfce for each and every hundred weight of such sugar,dhall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to reduce the drawback now allowed by law on sugar exported to Great Britain in the fame (late in which it was imported into this kingdom from foreign parts.

CHAP. XXVIII.

vftf Act to extend the Provisions of an Act faJJ'ed in the Iaf fwn of Parliament, Entitled,. An Act for quieting Corporations.

Tuesday the seventhday of May, cne seven hundred and

Royal j4(sent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. P4RL.

Recital of "W WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the

3* G. 3. c. \ \ reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for quieting

corporations, it was recited that divers corporate bodies in this kingdom had been prevented by the horrid and unnatural rebellion

which had broken out, from assembling on the days appointed by

their charters respectively, for the election of corporate officers,

and by the said act further time than that to Which such corporate

bodies were limited by their charters respectively was given for the

election of officers, and for the continuance of such officers in the % \

said corporations as had been before elected, until such new elec-,*t is necessary tions should take place: And whereas from the continuance of the to extend the aforesaid horrid and unnatural rebellion, it is become necessary to

time and pro- 7 J

visions in said extend the time given, and the provisions made by the said act, a<a* for the purposes aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

-corporations prevented from meeting by the rebellion, may assemble before I Jan. i8or, and proceed to ele&i'jn.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for all bodies corporate, which have been^ or may be prevented by the said horrid'and unnatural rebellion, from assembling on the days appointed by their charters respectively, for the election of corporate officers, to meet and assemble, at their usual place of meeting for such purpose, on any day to be appointed by such corporate body, prior to the fuft day of January, in

' . the

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 227

the year one thousand eight hundred and one, and then and there A.D. to proceed to the election of corporate, officers to serve for the re- 1799*-maiuder of the current year, pursuant to their respective charters.

II. And be it enacted, That whereN any body corporate within Where

1 corporation!

this kingdom shall, or may be prevented by the continuance of the are prevented said rebellion, from assembling to deft corporate officers under , the tom meeting authority of this act, at any time before the first day of January, IfJan‘ one thoul'and eight hundred and one, then arjd in every such case &allcontinue, all corporate officers belongit^o such corporate body, who had been duly elected and admitted to serve in qorporate offices, for any term which expired at any time since the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or shall expire at any time prior to the said fu'ft day of January, in the year one thousand eight hundred and' one, shall be deemed and taken to be legal officers of such corporations respectively, to all intents and purposes, until new elections shall take place by virtue of 'this act.

III. And be it enacted, That notice shall shall be given of all 15 days such elections to be holden by virtue of this act, -fifteen days pre- such^kao^ vious to the day of holding the fame, by affixing a written no- are held. tUication of the day when such.election is to take place, on the door

of the town-house, or other house or place where such elections have been usually holden, ligned by the sovereign or other chief tofficer of such corporations respectively.

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Y'ear of

His Majestys Reign, Entitled, An Act for continuing and

amending the fever alAfts for the further Improvement and Extension of the lijherieson the Coufs Kingdom*

fTufday the seven th day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nint%

Royal AfJent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER.' PARL*

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending the acts for the further improvement and exteufon of the fjhcrics on the coafs of this kingdom: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

3 Majesty,

Fishery a'£fc 36 G 3. c. 52. continued to 25 March, 1800, and end of next fcflioiu

The thirty~mtiih George' III.

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tempotal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be and continue to be- of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XXX.

An Act to further explain and amend the Laws now in Force relating to the Militia of this

*Tuefiltiy the feveuth day of May% one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine.

Royal difent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

Preamble *T X WHEREAS it is expedient for the general defence bf 33G. 3. C. 22. W this kingdom, to continue in the service’ such; mt-34G 3 C13 men» as shall be entitled to their discharges 'before the

35G. 3. C. 8. twenty-fourth day of June;one thousand eight hundred, and 37G.3c. 19! shall be willing to re-enlist: Be it enacted by the King's 3t<G. 3. C. 62. excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by "the authority of the cimmanding fame. That it shall and may be lawful for the commanding °itia may re-" officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to continue enhitmeu jn tjjC service such men as shall be entitled to their dischargos

who are wil- 0

ling, for four before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight during the hundred, and shall be willing to re-enlist before their time ofw'iT* ' shall expire to serve for four years, and such further time as any war in which this kingdom may be engaged at the «expiration of the said term, may continue, and for two months after the expiration of such war.

Men re-cn-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* oathptfcrib- That persons so re-enlisted shall take the oath prescribed to «iby37G.3. betaken by persons,chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, 93 by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain and amend the laws now in force relating to the militia of this

8 III. And

A.D. 1799.

Ybe thirty-ninth Year of George III.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such person so re-enlisted, shall, previous to the passing of this act, have taken an oath as a militia man to serve for four years, and to the end of any war in which this kingdom may be engaged, at the expiration of said term, and for two months after it shall have ceased, or shall have signed any agreement to such purpose, or shall have acknowledged by fig-nature or otherwise, the receipt of any money for such purpose, such oath or signature of confcqt, or receipt, shall be as valid, to all intents and purposes, during the period mentioned therein, as the oath prescribed by the said recited act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person so en-lifted, having taken an oath, or signed any agreement or receipt to the foregoing purport, shall be deemed and taken to be an enlisted militia man to all intents and purposes, and shall receive pay, and be entitled to the fame allowances, and be subject to all the laws and regulations in force with respect to any persons serving as militia men; and that all and every the rules, regulations, provisions, matters, and things contained In any laws in force for the punishing of mutiny and desertion, shall be applied to, and be extended in as full force to any such person so sworn, as to any person who has been enrolled as a militia man, under the provisions of the cxilling laws, or either of them.'

V. And be it further enacted, That all such sums which the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall direct any collector of his Majesty's revenue to pay to the colonel or commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, for the purpose of re-enlisting such militia men as aforesaid, pursuant to a vote of the house of commons of the twenty-third day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, every such collector is hereby authorized and required to pay, and all sums so paid shall be allowed to him in his account.

VI. And whereas such re-enlisting will save much expence and inconvenience to the county which would otherwise be obliged to provide men to serve in the place of the men so re-enlisting, if their period of service were suffered to expire; and it is therefore just and reasonable that the expence thereof should be reimbursed to his Majesty's revenue by each

If person* re-enlisted have taken an oath, or acknowledged receipt of money for that purpose, before this act, such oaths or acknowledgments shall be valid.

Persons so re-enlisted shall be deemed militia men, to all intents and purposes.

Collector* to pay commanding officers of militia such sums as shall be di-reded by lord lieutenant For re-enlisting men, pursuant to vote of commons,

23d March,

1799-

Names of men re-enlisted, and date, and amount of bounty, shall be delivered from treasury to clerks of peace,to be given in

230 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D. county so benefited; be it further enacted, That the names ^799- P?r*ons who shall have re-enlisted under the provisi-

charge to pns of the said vote, with the dates of their re-enlistment, ^Tpresent-’ and amount of bounty paid to each, shall from time to time Imburfere delivered to the several clerks of the crown, by the proper venue. officer of his Majesty's treasury, to be by him laid before the court at the several assizes, and in the county and city of Dublin at the presenting terms, and that each court shall give the fame in charge to the grand jury to present the sums necessary for reimbursing the expences thereof, the same to be raised on the county at large and paid to the receiver-general, which presentment every grand jury is hereby If grand authorized and required to make; and in case the grand jury inakedfuchn0t any county» county of a town, or city, at any assizes or presentment, presenting term, shall neglect or omit to make such present-surer^fhaiTadd ment, then and in such case, the treasurer of such county, rant for le^- county of a town or city, shall, and he is hereby required to S- add in the warrant which he shall issue, to levy the sums

presented at such assizes or presenting term, to be raised off the county at large, all such sums of money as shall be necessary for reimbursing his Majesty's revenue as aforesaid.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for empowering His Majesty for a , and to an Extent to be limited', to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in this Kingdom as may voluntarily offer selves to be employed in Great , or elsewhere in Eu-

rope.

Tuesday the seventh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal given.

JOHft GATER, D. CLEtt. PARL.

Recital Eng. "WHEREAS from an act passed in Great Britain, in the fSempfoying W thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, ^"fnircUnd for emPovjerinS his Majesty for a , and to an extent

to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia

forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland, the greatest benefits have been derived;

and

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

and whereas divers of his Majesty's militia regiments in this kingdom, in order to evince their ardent and affectionate acal for his Majesty's service, and for the general interests and security of the British empire, have by their officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, voluntarily offered their services to be employed in Great Britain, or other parts of his Majesty's dominions in Europe: And whereas it is highly expedient, that his Majesty should be enabled to avail himself of this distinguished proof of the attachment and public spirit of his militia forces of this kingdom, may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice, and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, that so much of the laws of this kingdom as relate to the militia of Ireland, or of any other act or acts now in force as prohibits the carrying out of the kingdom of Ireland the militia forces thereof, shall, during the continuance of this act, be suspended in so far only as may relate to any part of the said forces, not exceeding in the whole five thousand men, whom his Majesty may think proper to permit to serve in Great Britain, or such other parts of his Majesty's dominions in Europe as they may voluntarily undertake to serve in, in consequence of such voluntary offer as may have been or shall be made by them to that effect, and duly certified by thfeir commanding officers.

II. Provided always, That previous to certifying such offer, such commanding officer shall have explained to the persons making the same, that the fame, if made, is purely voluntary on their paTts, and that no person serving in the militia can be compelled to make such offer, or to engage to serve out of this kingdom, except, by his own consent so signified.

III. Provided also, That no county, city, town, or place, shall, during the Continuance of this act be drawn to fill any vacancy arising from the death, desertion, or discharge of any such non-commissioned officer, drummer, or soldier, belonging to such militia forces, whilst serving out of Ireland.

IV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the twentieth day of January, one thousand eight hundred, ajid from thence to the end of the then next fefftons of parliament.

divers militia regiments have offered to serve in G. Britain, or other parts of his Majesty's dominions in Europe.

so much of any act or acts as prohibits the carrying Irilli militia out of the kingdom shall he suspended, so far as 5000 men, \vho may go

voluntarily.

Commanding officers to explain to men that they cannot be compelled to make such offer.

No drawing to fill up vacancies wjiilft serving abroad.

In force to 2Cth Jan. 1800, and to end of next session.

M

CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting unto His the several Duties therein mentioned on Sweets or MMead and

and Jor securing the Collection thereof '

Saturday the ftjl (kiy of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

Royal Jlffent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

4

Expired. '"TOWARDS raising the supply granted to his Majesty, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be granted, raised, colkdled, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, that is to say, for and upon all liquor for sale which shall be made in the kingdom of Ireland, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred inclusive, by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, called sweets or made-wines, for every barrel thereof, containing thirty -two gallons, a duty of ten (hil-lings, and after the fame rate for any greater or less quantity % for and upon all me-thegiin or mead made in Ireland for sale between the times aforesaid, for every gallon thereof a duty of four pence; and for and upon all vinegar, vinegar-beer or liquors preparing for vinegar brewed or made in Ireland for sale between the times aforesaid, a duty of three shillings for every such barrel, and after the fame rate for any greater or less quantity; the said duties to be paid by the maker of such liquors respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon the several licenses herein after mentioned, which shall be itiiied before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, the several duties following, that is to say, for and upon every license to any person to brew or make for sale any such liquor as aforesaid, called sweets or made-wines, the sum of two pounds; for and upon every license to any person to make metheglin or mead for sale, the sum of two pounds; and for and upon every license to any person to make vinegar for sale, the sum of two pounds.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, no-person shall brew any liquor by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from fiuit or sugar, mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, called sweets or made-wines, or shall make any metheglin, or mead, for sale, or shall make or brew for sale any vinegar, vinegar-beer, or any liquor preparing for vinegar, unless such persons shall have obtained a license for that purpose, from the collector of the district in which he or (lie shall be resident; in which license shall be set forth the true name and surname, and real place of abode of the person or persons taking out the lame, and also the place where such liquors as aforesaid are intended to be brewed or made for sale; for which he, she, or they, shall immediately upon the taking out thereof pay the duty payable thereon, together with two shillings and eight pence halfpenny, as a fee to the collector for

232

A.D. 1799.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 4 $3

granting the fame 5 and such license shall be of force until the twenty-fifth day of A.D. March next, after the time of granting the fame; and if any person shall brew or j jgg,

make for sale any of the liquors aforesaid, without having first taken out such license, Chap. 32* or without having a license for that purpose of force, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in partnership carrying on the business of brewing ormaking sweets, or made-wines, or metheglin, or mead, or vinegar, or vmegar-keer, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license, and chat no tme license that shall be granted by virtue of tins ad, shall authorize or empower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to brew or make any such liquors-as aforesaid, in any other brewery or place, than the brewery or place which shall be deferibdd in such license.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no license to brew or make sweets or made*wine9, onto brew or make metheglin or mead, or to brew or make vinegar,

shall be granted-to any person or persons to whom any -license shall have been granted, to keep any still for rectifying or compounding spirits; and all sweets or made-wines, metheglin or mead, vinqgar, vinegar beer, and liquors preparing vinegar* which fhalHie found* in the difliUery of any redifier or compounder of spiritt, or ..ait any place to such distillery belonging shall be forfeited, and shall and may be forced by any officer of excise, and such reftiher or compounder shall forfeit the rfura of fifty pounds; and that no license for the keeping of any still for rectifying. ior'comrpoumling spirits, shall be granted to any person or persons to whom a license >(hvJI have been granted to brew or make sweets or made-wines, or to brew or make rmetheglin or mead, or to brew or make vinegar; and every ftiil for rectifying or ccomptuuKlrng spirits, and all utensils thereunto belonging; and all spirits which /ftaH~be found in any brewery or other place, belonging to any person brewing or rznkking sweets or made*wine&, metheglin, or mead, vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, shall be forfeited, aaid may be fcizevl by any officer of cicifc, ami the person in whose possession or premises the same Gull be found shall {forfeit the*Turn of'fifty pounds.

VI. And in order to prevent makers or brewers of sweets, or made-wines, or of metheglin or mead, or of vinegtr, and reftifiers or compounders of spirits front ('committing frauds by taking out ,a license in the name of other persons, and carrying on either the business of making or brewing sweets or made-wines, or of mc-

thcglin of mead, or of vinegar, or thertrade of rectifying or compounding spirits in places adjacent to the places where they respectively csrry on any of the said trades or business, be it enacted,.that no license Hrall be granted for any of the said purposes, unless the chief commissioiters of his Maj.ftj’s revenue (liali specially consent ^thereto, and in all cases where the saul commissioners shall think it expedient for the fpreventing ef ;fraud, that any such license ftioukl not be granted no person shall be entitled to any of focli. lrcenfes.

VII. Amt be irenacted, That every person brewing or making any metheglin, or mead, or any vinegar, vinegar-beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, or any liquors

-made by bifuliou, fermentation, or otherwise, drom fruit or sugar, mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, called sweets or made wines, who. is by this act required to take out such license as aforesaid shall before he or she shall make or brew any such liquors as aforesaid, give a return or account in willing to . the collector of the district in whkhiheor-ihe.fba.il rehde, of his or her name and place of abode, and of the brewery and place in respect of which he or she shall require such license, and of the several vefleis and utensils for brewing or making of such liquors as aforesaid therein^ and also it he several ft >rcs 10 such ptrfor.s belonging, and any person who shall brew or make any of the liquors aforesaid in any brewery, or other jdace, without Laving given such rcuirii or 4 c^u it thereof in

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

writing as aforesaid, fh nil for every time he or she shall so offend forfeit. twenty pounds, and every »colleger who shall receive such return or account shall re-Chap*2 the fame without fee or reward, in a book to be by him kept for that pur-

WOjpose.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every surveyor, searcher, gauger, and waiter in Iliis Majesty's revenue, and oil other officers of excise, shall be.permitted as well by might as by day, but-if in the night time, in the -pretence *of a conftaWe, fub-ixonstable, or other peace officer'to enter, and shall and may enter the house, brewery store, or other -place belonging-to, or made use of by any person or persons brewing or making any methtglin, or mead, vineger, vinegar4>eer,<OT liquors preparing for vinegar, sweets, or made wines, or by any person dealing:therein, and to gauge and rtakean account of all vessels and utensils, and all stores used by any Tu^h person or t persons, and-to gauge amhtake an account of the just quantity of all metheglin, or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer liquors preparing for vinegar, sweets, or made-wine*, respe£Hvely found therein, and shall thereof make a return in writing-to the collector of the district, or to such person or persons as the commissioners of the revenue 'shall appoint to receive the same, and every such officer is hereby required to leave a true copy erf such»Tctum;in writing, under his hand, with every such person brewing or making any of the liquors aforesaid, or at such brewery, or> other ;pface, on pain of forfeiting the sum of forty shillings for every such negle<R or omission, and such report or return shall be a charge on every such -person rrespectively $ and if any person brewing or making any of the liquors aforesaid for file, or having any such in his possession, or rthe wife, son, or daughter of such person, or any person employed »as clerk, brewer, or tervant, at any brewery, or other place, (h*ll obstruct , or not permit any officer to enter his or her heute, biewery, or other place in man-

ner herein mentioned, or shall obstruct, or not permit him to gauge or takq an act count of all such liquors as aforesaid, and to gauge all and every such -vessels and urenlils, and to take an account of all such ingredients and materials as shall he

fermenting, or in the process of manu fail tiring into any of the liquors aforesaid, in any such vefflhor utensil every such vperson, who or whose wife, son, daughter, eierk, brewer, or servant as aforesaid, fhalhfo obstruct such officer or officers as aforesaid, shall forfeitfor every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, and that every person making any of the liquors aforesaid for fide, shall monthly and every month make a true return to the collector of.tke district in which such person shall refute# of all the metheglin, or m:ad, vinegar, vinegar-beer, and sweets, or-made-wines, respectivdiy by him or lieT made, in such month, and of the duties thereon*

IX. And be it enacted, That every person brewing or making metheglin, or mead# «or vinegar, or vinegar-beer or liquors preparing for vinegar or sweets, or made-wines, shall within one month after he, (lie, or they shall make, or ought to have made such monthly return as aforesaid, pay and clear.off all such duties as shall he due from >him, her, or them respectively, for or on account of all such metheglin, or mead, vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, sweets, or made-wine, by him, her, or them made, unless such liquor.3 shall be sooner removed from the brewery or place where the fame flnll have been mile or kept, in which case the said duties shall he paid for all ‘ such liquors as shall be 'intended to be removed before any permit for removing, carrying, or conveying the same shall be granted.

‘X. And’bc it enacted, That every person chargeable with the duty on metheglin* :or mead, vinegar, vinegar beer, liquors preparing for vinegar, sweets, or made-wines^ who Hull neglect or refute to make such jreturn, or to make such payment as aforesaid, II all forfeit for every offence respectively the sum of fifty pounds, together with a sum equal to double the duty returned by the giugeT, or other officer, to be due by/ such person making any of the liquors aforefeicL

*34 A.D.

I^OO.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

*35

XI. And be it enacted, That all utensils and vessels fot; the brewing or making of A, D metheglin, or mead vinegar, vinegar-beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar or sweets j jgg, or made-wines, used in any brewery, or other place, for the brewing or making of Chap 32 any the liquors aforesaid, into whole hands soever the same shall come, and by what conveyance or title soever the same shall be claimed, shall be liable and subject to,

and are hereby charged with all debts and duties which shall be in arrear, or owing by any person or persons for any of the liquors aforesaid, made within such brewery, or other place, and shall aifobe subject to all penalties and forfeitures, as shall have been incurred by the person or persons using such brewery or other place for any of the purposes aforesaid, for any offence against the laws of excise, and it shall be lawful in all cases to levy such debts, duties, and penalties, by sale of such utensils, as it would be lawful to dp in care the person owing such debts and duties, and incurring such penalties and forfeitures, were respectively the real proprietor of such 'Utensils.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any metheglin or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, liquor preparing for vinegar, sweets, or m ide-wincs, or any materials or ingredients making into any of the liquors aforesaid, shall be found in any brewery,

Itore, or other place, an account of which shall not have been returned to the collector according to the provisions of this act, j or if any of the liquors aforesaid, shall be found in any brewery, or other place for the brewing er making thereof, respectively, not licmfed pirrfuant to the provisions of this act, all such liquors, and

tthe vessels containing the same shall be forfeited; and the person or persons in whose [-poireflion the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII/Andheit enacted, That as often as any officer of excise shall be admitted iinto the brewery, (tore, or other place belonging to any person brewing or making metheglin, or mead, vinegar, vuiegar-beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar or sweets,

or made wines, such person, or his wife or child, or some persons employed in such < brewery, or other place for brewing or making any of the liquors aforesaid, shall on demandof any such officer shew, or caiifeto.be shewn to such officer or officers, all the (lock on hand of metheglin, mead, vinegar, vinpgar beer, or liquor preparing 'for vinegar and sweets, or made-wines belonging to such person and give, or cause

to be given to such officer a declaration of the fame* that is to.fiy, that the (lock so shewn, is all the (lock of, or belonging taJuch p:rf.ivon pain of fifty pounds, to be forfeited by such person breu ing or making any of the liquors aforesaid, for every time he or she, or any person in his or her employment, in his or her brewery, shall refuse or

omit on demand, to shew, or cause to be shewn such (lock, or make such declaration as aforesaid; and if act, officer or officers of excise shall, upon fearcl\, discover any metheglin,*or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar, sweets, or made-wines of the Hock belonging to, or in the brewery or other place belonging to such person as aforesaid, or of any person for hisor her use, which shall not '.'have been shewn, or declared as aforesaid, fhen all such metheglin, or mead, vinegar, vvinegar-beer, liquor preparing for vinegar, sweets, or made-wines shall be forfeited,

and the owner or owners thereof shall forfeit the fun! of fifty^ounds.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all metheglin, or mead, vinegar, vinegar-rbeer, hveets, or made-wines, made or brewed in this* kiiigdonj, exceeding the quantity of four gallons, whidi shall be found conveying 01 carrying from any one part of thh>

Kngdorh to any other part thereof, or on any carriage or'bead, or on board any boat -or ofher-vessel, and all calks or vessels containing the fame, together with the fCarriage or draft;, and all tackle thereunto belonging, and the licrfe or bead drawing cthe fame, shall be forfeited, and in case of conveyance by water, the ship, boat, or ether vessel conveying or containing the fame, with all her tackle, furniture, and apparel, shall also be forfeited, unless a permit for the conveyance of such metheg-hn, or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, fw’eets or made wine, unde:* the hand of the

3 N 2 proper

V.

2^6 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

proper officer, shall, on demand of any officer of excise, be produced for the ftme*;

I and that every porter or carman, or master or person Warring charge of such cart,

Clhap. 32. or bead, ship, boat, or other vessel carrying, conveying, or containing such

metheglin, or mead, vinegar* vinegar-beer, sweets, or made-twiileS, shall forfeit the fnm of five pounds, and in default of payment thereof, shall suffer three months imprisonmem.

XV. And be it enacted, That every permit for conveying metheglin, -or mead* vinegar, vinegar-beer, sweets, or made-wines, shall contain the red name and fur^narne* or names and surnames, and place of abode of the person or persons fending such metheglin, mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, sweets, or made-wines, and of the person or persons to whom the same shall be sent, and die true quantities thereof, respectively, and the real name and surname of tl e person who made such metheglin, or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, sweets, or made-wines, and was charged with the duty thereof, and ihe time when the duty charged thereon was* paid, and shall specify the time it shall be of force, and also shall contain such other particulars as shall be directed from time to time by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue 5 and every permit in which <there shall be any erasure, alteration, or interlineation, shall be null and void.

X, T. And be it enacted, That in all cases where a permit For conveying metheglin or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, sweets or made-wines is required, and such -permit shall beifliied and taken out, the person to whom such goods shall be sent, shall within twenty-four hours, or*in case a Sunday or Christmas-day shall intervene, in forty eight hours after the arrival of such goods, at the place of their dcftU nation, or after the expiration of the time limited in such permit, repair to the proper office for granting permits, where art office for that purpose shall be established, ami in all other places to the eolle&or, surveyor, or other officer of excise with such permit, and shall lodge the fame with the proper officer in such office, or with such collector, surveyor, or other officer of excise; and every such officer shall, within twenty-four hours after any such permit shall be so lodged with him, carefully examine such metheglin or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, sweets or made-wines, and compare the lame with the contents <x>f such permit, and shall take such permit from the owner or other person having charge of the fame, and upon oath made by the person or persons to whom such xaethcglin or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, sweets or made-wines shall have been sent, which oath such officer or officers are hereby respectively authorized to admin tfter, that the goods mentioned in such permit., was really and truly brought from the place mentioned in such. permit, by virtue and In pursuance thereof, such officer shall, without fec<cr toward, tforthwrth give to the person so bringing such permit, a certificate signed by such officer, that such permit was lodged with him, which certificate shall contain a copy of fudi permit, without erasure or interlineation, and the day of granting such certificate, and which certificate shall be deemed and taken and allowed to be of the fame effect as such permit for every purpose for which such permit might he jufed, had not the fame been lodged with such officer in manner herein, directefl.

XVII. And be it emitted, That if any muthegfin or mead, vinegar, vinegar-beer, or sweets or made-wines,-be found mthepofilffixin <of any person or persons after the fpnceof twer/y-fonr hours, or forty-eight hours respectively, as aforesaid, from the arrival cf such metheglin or mead, vinegar, vinegar beer, sweets or made wines, and from the expiration of the time limited in the permit by which the fame was conveyed, the tee shall be forfeited, oinicfs such person i\:all have obtained and ih iH province such certificate as is herein before directed, and itihall and may be lawful for any officer of his ?Majesty's revenue to seize the fame, together with the vessels in which the fame fiia'l he contained.

XVIII. And be it cfiafted, 'I hat all and e\ erv the duties herein before granted, and all and x\cry the fines, penalties mvi forfeitures infixed by this act in respect

thereof

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

thereof, shall and may be sued for, recovered and levied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed and directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new impoji upon his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-cejforsy according to the book of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructiens and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend an Act fassed the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown Rents, and other Rents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Tears One thousand fix ' hundred and forty-one, and One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of,

> in such Manner and under such Provisions as are therein -mentioned.

Tuesday the seventh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine,

Royal AJptnt given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for the sale of his Majesty's quit rents, crown rents, and other rents, and of the lands forfeited in the years one thousand six hundred and forty-one, and one thousand Jix hundred and eighty-eight, and other lands remaining undisposed of, in such manner and under such provisions as are therein mentioned, it is amongst other things provided and evaded, That after the expiration of six months from the passing of the said act, no preference shall be given to any person purchasing -any such rent on account of such person'being the owner or proprietor of the Tands or other the premises out of which such rent is. payable, , and every such rent shall be sold for the greatest price which shall be offered for the fame, not less than sixteen years, purchase. And whereas it is thought expedient to repeal so much of the said act as enads, That

*37

A.D.

By 38 G. 3. c. 72. no preference was to be given to proprietors after 6 months, nor rents fold under 16 years purchase

The clause

prohibiting laic under if

years purchase is hereby repealed.

From 6 April, after passing this act, rents may be sold for highest price, not less than 20 years purchase for 5l. a year; other rents as prescribed by said acts.

Lords of treasury to issue precepts for enquiring into value of lands, &c. belonging to his Majesty, when they are to be sold.

Report to be

laid before loid lieut. which if approved ofj land.> may be fold, not lets' than 2oi. years purchase.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

every such rent shall be sold for the greatest price which shall be offered for the fame, not less than sixteen years purchase; Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ilords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said clause in the said recited act, which enads. That every such rent shall be sold for the greatest price which shall be offered for the fame, not left than Iixteen years purchase, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the sixth day of April next, after the passing of this act, every such quit and crown rent which shall then'be and remain unfold by virtue of the before recited act, shall and may be fold in manner and form as by the said act is specified, for the greatest price which shall be offered for the fame, not less than twenty years purchase for such rents as exceed five pounds annual rent, and for such rents as do not exceed five pounds, not less than the rates prescribed by the said act for the sale of such rents within the term of six months from the passing of the said act, any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or tithes veiled in his Majesty in right of his crown, shall be proposed to be sold by the said lord high treasurer, or commissioners for. executing the office of lord high treasurer, by and with the consent of the lord, lieutenant, it shall and may be lawful for the said lord high treasurer or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, and they are hereby required, under their hands and seals, to execute a precept to seven discreet men of the county in which such lands shall lie, (four df whom shall be justices -of the peace for such county,) requiring them, and they are hereby empowered by the oaths of credible witnesses, to enquire and ascertain the annual value of such lands by their several fub-denominations, as if the fame were then to be set to so!vent tenants, and to report the said value to the said lord high treasurer, or lords commissionets for executing the office of lord high treasurer, and th e said lord high treasurer or lords commissioners as aforesaid, shall lay the said report before his excellency the lord

lieutenant

Value of

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

lieutenant for his approbation, and if the said report shall meet with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, then it shall and may be lawful for the said lord high treasurer or lords commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, to sell and convey such lands or hereditaments by such mode of conveyance, and in such manner as by the said recited act is prescribed, for a fuin or sums of money not less, in any instance, than twenty years purchase of The value To to be found and approved as aforesaid, to the highest bidder for the fame, the said faje to be had subject to Fuch notices, and under stich regulations, as are prescribed by the said recited *ad.

IV. And whereas in many instances *it may occur, that outstanding leases of the said lands, tithes, and hereditaments from his Majesty to the tenant or tenants of the fame dedufled out are subsisting: Be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- hfe^f Und«. said. That such leases may be valued, and the value afeer-'tained by such commission as aforesaid; and if the value of such lease or leases so found and returned, shall be approved by the lord lieutenant, then and in that case, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners Tor executing the office of lord high treasurer, to dedud the value of such lease or leases out of the gross purchase money of the said lands, to be calculated at the rate aforesaid, and at the value aforesaid, and on payment of the difference between the value of such subsisting interests, and the gross value of such lands, to execute such instruments, and to convey such lands as aforesaid to the purchaser or purchasers thereof.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, Ttmorrc-or in the said recited act contained, shall be construed, c«ua not

mandatory on

<leemed, or taken to be mandatory on the said lord high lords of treasurer or lords commissioners for executing the office of 7 to lord high treasurer, to fell or convey, or to propose to fell or convey, or to treat with any person or persons for a sale or conveyance of any of the said quit rents, crown rents, lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments, but that it shall be in his or their discretion at all times, by and with the consent of the lord lieutenant, to carry the provisions of this act into effect, when and as often as to him or them it may Teem meet, any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

3 O 2 CHAP.

fell.

24° JT& thirty+niaih Year, of George III.

A.D.

1799-

CHAP. XXXIV.

[Preamble.]

37 G. 3, c. 33.

/An Act to amerid and continue an -

seventh' Year of his Majestys Reign, for collecting and f:~ curing His Majesty's Revenue, upon

Tuesday the fevtQth day of May,one thousand /even’ hundred and ninety-nine.

Royal Jijfent given.

_ JOHN GAYER* D. Cl ER. PAUL.

WHEREAS it' is necessary to amend an act r palfed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty-s-reign, entitled, An Act for collecting his Majesty's revenue upon malt: And whereas a duty is, payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on every -.license -to. any person to.keep a malt-house and make malt for sale, for eaoh and every cistern or kiln in each and every malt-house in his or her possession, in which such. business shall be carried on, therefore for the better ascertaining and securing.of the said duty, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the duty payable on such license7 for each, and every such cistern or kiln, shall be paid according to the number of cif-lerns, or number of kilns in each and every malt-house for

fh&tl be granted, wh^ch ever shall be greatest in number, and not on the number both of cisterns 50l. penalty and kilns; and if any person licensed to keep a malt-house,

Duty on malt-houses shall be paid on every cistern or kiln, which ever

eft in number, which such license but not -on both.

urn'or kiiif shall have a greater number of cisterns, or a greater number

more than is of kilns in let forth in lice use.

By 37 G.

3. malt tiers arc. to pay

such rhalt-house than the number of each respectively which shall have been entered and registered ..with the collector of the district, and set forth at the foot . of such license, every such person 'shall for every cistern r and kiln exceeding the number which shall have been so entered and registered and set forth in such license, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

II. And whereas by the said recited act, it is enacted, That every maltster. or . maker of malt for sale, and every

brewer

1

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

brewer and distiller making malt, shall between the twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, and the twenty-ninth day of September in the year following, be charged with and pay duty of excise for a quantity of malt after the rate therein mentioned, for every one hundred square feet of working or drying (lores within each malt-houGe for which he or she shall have taken out a license; And whereas it may happen that maltsters and brewers, and distillers making malt, may begin to make malt, and may take out 1i-cenfes so late after the twenty-ninth day of September in any year, that they may not be able between such time and tire twenty-ninth day of September following, to make the quantity of malt for which they are by the said act "to be charged with duty , in such year, which may be attended with inconvenience, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That in any such case it shall and may be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, to reduce the quantity of malt for which such maltster. brewer er distiller, is by the said act to be charged with duty within the year, to such quantity of malt as may reasonably be made within their respective malt-houses, between the'time that licenses for such malt-houses shall be taken out, and the twenty-ninth day of September following. - Provided always, That no such dedudion shall be made where the time of taking out - the license shall not be later than three months after the twenty-ninth day of September in the year, nor shall any such reduction be greater than in proportion to the part of the year which shall have elap'fed at the time of taking out the license.

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures iifflided "by this act, other than and except as by this.ad is otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for. recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An Act for the settling the excise or new irnpofl upon his

his heirs and successors, according to the hook of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned,

Vol. XIX. . 3 P expressed.

duty for every 100 square feet of working (lore*, between every 29th Sept.

'Where licenses are taken out more than j months after 29th Sept, commissioners may reduce the charges.

Ail fine*, &c. under this act, may he recovered by 14 and 15 C. *2. with

like reme

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

expressed, and enabled in this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

IV. And be it enacted, That -this act, and also all such parts of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Ma-part Vthcleof jesty’s reign, entitled, An Act for f curing his repealed ln^ venue upon malt; except such parts thereof as are hereby al-force to 24. tered or repealed, shall continue to be of force until the anTcnd^0’ twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, ncit tcffion. an(j from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

This act, and malt act 37 G. 3.

CHAP. XXXV.

9

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Duties and additional Duties on the Licenses therein mentioned.

'TurfJay the seventh Jay of May, one thousand hundred and ninety-nine,

Jloyal AJJcnt given. "

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

Expired. O R the further support of your Majesty's government, be it enacted by the

A King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every factor or person, not being a malt-fter or maker of malt, felling ma^t by commission, or otherwise, within this kingdom, at any time between the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, shall take out a-license from the collector of his Majesty's levenue, in the district in which he or she shall reside, and shall pay for the fame a duty of twenty pounds; and that there shall be raised, granted, levied, and paul to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and upon the several liceitfes herein after mentioned, which shall be taken out at any time.before the said twenty-fifth clay of March, one thousand eight hundred, the several and respective additional duties following, over and above the duties now payable thereon, respectively; that is to say, for and upon every license to any person, net being a distiller, felling home-made spirits, and not being otherwise licensed to fell spirits, an additional duty of eighteen pounds, over and above the duty.of two pounds already payable thereon; for and upon every license to any person in the cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, Limerick, Kilkenny, Londonderry, and Armagh, and in the towns of Galway, Drogheda, Belfast, Newry, Dundalk, and Clonmell, to brew strong beer or ale, or small beer for sale, for each and every brew-house used by such person, an additional duty of twenty pounds, over and above the duty of ten pounds already payable thereon $ and for and upon 8 «/ cry

t

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

243

every license to any person in any other part of this kingdom, to brew strongbeer A# IX or ale, or small beer for sale, for each and every brew-house used for such person, \ jgg. an additional duty of ten pounds, over and above the d\itv of ten pounds already Chap. 3^4 payable thereon; for and upon every license to any person to keep a malt-house, and make malt for sale, for each and every cittern or kiln in each and every malt-house in his, her, or their pcfleflion, in which such business shall be carried on, the sum of five pounds, over and above the duty of ten pounds already payable th^jneofc; for and upon every license to any person in any city or town corporate, to fefl^tea or groceries by retail, the sum of two pounds, over and above the duty of one pound already payable* thereon; for and upon every license to any person in any market-town where markets are usually held, and not being a city or town corporate, or within two miles of the towm-house or market-house, or principal market-place thereof, to fell tea or groceries by retail, the sum of one pound ten shillings, over and above the duty of ten shillings already payable thereon; for and upon every license to*any person in any part of this kingdom, not being a city, or corporate town, or market-town where markets are usually held, or within two miles of the market-house, or market-place to* fell tea or groceries by retail, the sum of ten shillings, over and above the duty of ten shillings already payable thereon.

II. And be it enacted, That if any person shall during the time aforesaid, fell, or keep for sale as aforesaid, any malt without having taken *out such license as aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and every such license shall be gf force until the ’twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

III. And be it enacted, That the collectors Of excise in their respective districts, upon payment of the duty hereby granted on licenses to persons felling malt as aforesaid, and a fee of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny, on each license for their own life, shall grant such licenles as aforesaid, and a like fee shall be taken on every of the other licenses herein before mentioned, on which the duty shall exceed forty shillings.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the persons in partnership, and carrying on the business of felling malt as aforesaid, in one house or (lore only, shall not be obliged to take cut more than one license; and that no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize or empower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted to feM or keep for sale as aforesaid, any malt in any other place than such place as shall be described in such license.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after twenty days from the day of patting this act, all licenses on which any of the additional duties hereby granted, (hell have been ifitred to any person, dial] be null and void; and every person who shall have

'obtained my such license, shall take out a new license; and every person who shall take out such new license, shall be allowed out of the whole of the duties payable on such licenses, so much as shall have been paid on the licenses so vacated.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every the xluties herein before granted, and all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act* in respect thereof, shall ami may be sued for, recovered and lc.ied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such power, and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles tlu; second, entitled,

An fzr th: settling of the e:n if, or new impejt upon his Majesty, his heirs and fuc~

1 rjors, according to the book of rules therein infected \ as fully and effectually to all intents, con fir udt ions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expredid, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal, to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

3 P 2 CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain,amend, and extend the Provisions of an Act

paJJ'ed last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to prevent Persons from returning for His M Dominions, who have been or shall be transported,banished, or exiled on Account of the present Rebellion, and to prohibit them from paffng into any Country at War with His Majesty.

*44

A.D. ' 1799.

3$ G. 3-V 7».

Persons

- Tuesday the seventh day of Mayr one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal AJfer^t given.

'JOHN GAYfcRj O. CLER. PARJL*

WHEREAS since passing the said act, several persons

who have been in arms again! his Majestyv or had concerned in otherwise acted in the said rebellion, being made prisoners luve*b©en°a ky his Majesty's forces, have by the orders of the general «»£ officers commanding his Majesty's forces, employed For the ordered to be frrppression of the said rebellion, been brought to trial ac-or cording to martial law, and have from circumstances of al-leviation or comrpaffioit been saved from the punflhment due t to their crimes, and orderfed to be transported or banished some persons from this kingdom, and some of such persons who have act-©"recogtT*1 ed~ in the said rebellion, have on being apprehended for niffiCthemba" such their crimes, been enlarged on their entering into re-feivcs i cognizance or other sureties, conditioned that such persons ' should banish themselves from this kingdom, at the times and in the manner respectively mentioned in the condition of such recognizances or sureties: And whereas it is ellential to the public safety and welfare, to carry such orders and conditions respectively into effect, and to provide against the continuance of all such persons in this kingdom, or their return into the fame, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons 4n this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, such person* That the said several persons lhatt be transported or -banish-ported orbaf e<*’ accorc^ng to said respective orders or conditions in nished, at if the said recognizances or sureties mentioned, as "fully and duerfe5 ofeffectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they had re-law- ceived sentence by due course of law.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 245

II. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons A. I>. who hath or have been so sentenced to be transported or banished, or ordered so to be since the sixth day of October, ’ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or vfiio at or

any time since the twenty-third day of May, one thousand who entered

into such rc-

seven hundred and ninety-eight, have entered into recog- cognizances, nizances, or given other sureties conditioned for their transportation or baniffiment from this kingdom, shall return to time limited

r . , without li-

or be at large in this kingdom within the time limited for cense, shall his, her, or their transportation, baniffiment, or exile, or fortri*fc[ported contrary to the several conditions of such recognizances or other sureties respectively, unless by a license for that purpose first had and obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or \

successors, every person so returning or being at large, shall be deemed a felon, and shall on conviction be transported for his or her life.

III. And be it enacted, That all general officers who Office of have commanded his Majesty's forces for suppressing the said lu^iiiUof* Tebellion, and also all justices of peace, or commanding officers, by or before whom such recognizances as aforesaid, transported were entered into, or other sureties were taken as aforesaid, urediMto" shall within two months from the day of passing this act, give in and sign a list of the persons who have been so within 2

months Artcr

transported or banished, or ordered so to be, or who by their passingtbi* said recognizance or recognizances, or other sureties as afore- ofcrownof^ said, have submitted as aforesaid, to be transported or ba- ^gjj^ncU niflied respectively, setting forth the name and description of adTocate’eat. each person, and the term for which they have been so oath.Tnd0 transported or banished, or submitted so to be respectively, since the said sixth day of October, one thousand seven on oath of

1 officer or

hundred and ninety-eight, to the clerk of the crown of his'juitiee. Majesty's court of King’s bench, together with the attefla-tion on oath, of the person who may have acted in the character of judge advocate, or president of the tribunal by whom the said persons were tried and ordered to he so dealt with, and the recognizance or recognizances, or other sureties as aforesaid, so taken or entered into as aforesaid, with the attestation on oath of the said commanding officer or justice of the peace before whom the fame was entered into; and such lift shall be filed in the office of the said clerk

r, r r. . fifed, and shall

01 the crown, at - the city of Dublin, and upon the trial of be evidence

Vol.XIX. 3 Q.

246

A.D. 1799. Chap. 3'

Trials

may

kc

c 3.

c. 20.

The thirty-ninth Year George III.

any person for returning into this kingdom, or being at large within the same without license as aforesaid, such lift so filed as aforesaid, or a copy of the fame duly proved, shall be admitted as evidence of his or her having been so transported or banished, or having submitted to be transported or bnnished respectively as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, coumy.'tow"/. That all offences constituted felony by this act, shall and

may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined in his Majesty's court of King’s bench, by a jury of the county, or county of the city of Dublin, orvany other court of competent jurisdiction in any county, or county of a city, or county of a town in this kingdom, in such manner and form as if the offence so constituted felony had been therein committed.

V. And whereas by an act made'in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his Majesty, entitled,

to ffpprefs injurrection, and prevent the disturbance of the public peace., and the several acts for continuing and amending the same, his Majesty is at liberty to employ in his army or navy, the several persons therein mentioned to be convicted as disorderly persons, under the provisions in said acts mentioned: And whereas it may be found dangerous to employ such persons in his Majesty's land or naval forces^ be it there-forecnaded, That it shall and may be lawful to transfer and ferred to serve engage l^lc services of the said several persons respective-in armies or Jy, jn like manner and under the like conditions and pro-

navies of Eu- . r

ropean powers visions to the army or navy of any other European powers

that are now' in amity or alliance, or that may hereafter be in amity and alliance with his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, which said engagements shall be considered as enlist-ments in the said armies and navies as valid to all intents and purposes as if the fame were made in the army or navy of his Majesty under the provisions of the said recited act.

Not to rf-

VI. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, of this session That nothing in this act contained shall be deemed or con-ford»e3fup"* strued to alter, or in any manner affect an Act passed in this session, entitled. An act for the suppressnn of the rebellion which fill unhappily exifs \ w this , and for the protection of the persons and properties of his Majestys faithfulfub-jects within the same.

3 CHAP.

such persons

predion of >rchellion.

247

A.D. 1799.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An AcJ the belter to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of Gunpowder

within this Kingdom.

Saturday the f.rjlday of June, one thousand seven hundred and

Rifdil Jljjint given.

John Gayer, d. clerk, parl

WHEREAS by an act of the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty, Byredted entitled, An a Cl to prevent the importation of arms, gunpow- c^none^ der, and ammunition into this kingdom, and the making, removing, felling, and keeping of gunpowder, arms, and ammunition without out license, license, it is amongst other things enacted, That it shall not be *°rce

lawful for any persons whatsoever to deal in, or fell gunpowder by retail or otherwise, unless he shall be licensed for that purpose by the collector of his Majesty's revenue of the district where he or Hie shall reside: And whereas it is provided by said act, that the license so obtained shall he in foce for one year, and no longer: ft may be ex-And whereas it may be found in many instances expedient that the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue should recall such Hcenfes whenever it shall be found expedient for them so to do: And whereas it is necessary more effectually to guard against retailers of gunpowder felling a quantity greater than two pounds of gunpowder to persons not licensed pursuant to the provisions of the said aj£t; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the commis- commissioner* sioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any two of them, by their or- may recall der, signified in writing from time to time, as often as to them shall seem expedient, to recall, annuli, and prohibit the acting un- powder, in <ler the authority of any such license, for so long a time as to the em

said commissioners, or any two of them shall seem expedient, to be expressed by their said order, to be issued as aforesaid, with which said order the party so licensed shall be served, by leaving a copy of the fame with him, her, or them respectively, or by leaving the fame at the (hop or warehouse of the party so to be served respectively, and by shewing the said order to some person or persons above the age of twelve, of or belonging to the person or persons so licensed, of which said service the person so serving the same shall make affidavit in writing before the collector of the district

3 for

248 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

for the time being, in which the said party shall reside, which col-1799* lector is hereby authorized and empowered to administer an oath for the purpose of taking the said affidavit, which affidavit, when so affidavit of taken, shall be put upon a file to be kept for that purpose in the filed wiih*or. office of the said collectors, together with the order or orders so

der in collector^ office.

per Tons who deal in gunpowder during prohibition, forfeit 500l. and all such gunpowder miy . be seized.

I col. pe-'nalty, for felling more

made by the said commissioners as aforesaid, and in case that any retailer or other merchant shall after the service of the said order, artd during the continuance thereof, and the prohibition thereby directed, deal in, or fell gunpowder, he thall forfeit all such gunpowder as he shall have in his possession, together with the sum of five hundred pounds, which said gunpowder so forfeited, shall be seized by any justice of the peace, or by any person authorized thereto, by-warrant from a justice of the peace, or by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, who is hereby authorized to seize the same to the use of his Majesty.

II. And whereas it is necessary more effectually to guard against the felling or delivering to any person not licensed, a greater quantity of gunpowder than two pounds weight within the space of twm months; be it enacted, That if any maker or dealer in gunpowder, shall within the space of any two months after the passing than 2 lbs of of this act, fell or deliver to any person not licensed under the provisions of the said recited act, any greater quantity of gunpowder person within than two pounds weight, so as tint there shall be fold or delivered to any one and the same person, any greater quantity than-the said 'two pounds weight within any period of two months as aforesaid, ‘that then and in that case, every such maker and dealer in gunpowder, shall for every time he shall so fell or deliver gunpowder,

’ forfeit the fuin of one hundred pounds.

L. licttic- HI. And whereas it may be necessary for the public safety, to a^order to'16 Preventtiich persons as to the lord lieutenant or other chief gover-prevent any nor or governors of this kingdom may seem expedient from making or manufacturing gunpowder for a limited time; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said lord lieutenant, or chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to issue his or their order, signed by him or them, or by his or their chief secretary, prohibiting any person or persons from making or maiwfa&uring gunpowder for such time as he or they may think iod. penalty fit to express by said order, which order shall be served in manner for mating herein before mentioned, with lespect to any order or orders if-

gunpowder 1 r J

during time sued by the commissioners of the revenue as aforesaid; and if any ^Tandgun- person shall, after the servicetif such order, and during the time the same shall be in force, make or manufacture any gunpowder* feited. ’ Without

person from making gun powder.

\ f

The "thirty-ninth Year of -G_eor£e I IT.

without having first obtained a license under the hand of the faW lord lieutenant or chief governor or governors, or his or their principal secretary, he fliairforfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and all gunpowder and materials for making the same, found in the possession of,' or in any honfe belonging to such manufacturer,

shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any.j-ustice of peace, or any person authorized thereto, by warrant of any justice of . peace, or by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fifft day of January, one thousand ^'lend of* eight hundred, and until the end of the then next session of par- next iaraent.

In force t#

CHAP. XXXVIII.

-An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the-Government and Management of the House of for the Relief of the Poor in Dublin, under the -

nors thereof and also one other Act passed in the fame Tear, Entitled, An Act for the better Management -of the Work House and Foundling Hospital, in Dublin.

Saturday the first day of stine, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal Ajfent given.

‘JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue an act passed in the lt Jg e

thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act *!ient to con-to continue for a limited time the government and management of the c"^,3 & 38 house of Industry, for the relief of the poor under '* 3-c- 35*

sent acting governors thereof; and also one other act passed in the same year, entitled, An act for the better -management of the -work-house andfoundl'ing-hospital, in Dublin-, be it enacted by the King’# most excellent Majesty, by and with the'advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of1 the fame, That the said fatdaftst0 two recited acts, shall be, and continue to be of force until the first be in force to day of May, in the year one thousand eight hundred, and from amU-nd'of00’ thence to the end'of the then next session of parliament, and no ncxtftffiuM-longer.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An 'ASt for the better ColleStion of all Duties on Hides and Shins tanned and dressed in Oil> and on Vellum and Parchment madem Ireland\ and for preventing of Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue therein.

Tuesday the fiventh day if May, one ihoufatid /even hundred and' ninety-nine,

Royal djjetit given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PAUL.

-Preamble.

what is meant by tanned hides, See.

" what ts meant ' by hides and skinsdrefled ? in oil.

Tanners,

curriers,

: leather differs, and parchment; makers, to give notice in writing to ^oolleftor?, as herein speci-fiedy penalty aol. per day.

FOR the better securirrg, collecting, and levying all duties payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon hides a-nd; skins tanned, and upon hides arid-skins dressed in oil, and on vel- lum and parchment made in Ireland, and for avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the several kinds of hides *nd skins, and pieces of hides and skins to be charged with duty; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That by tanned hides and skins, and tanned pieces of hides and skins are meant such as are tanned in ooze, made of the bark of trees, or fumack, or whereof the principal ingredient shall be such bark or fumack; and that by hides and skins dressed in oil, or pieces of hides and skins drafted in oil, are meant such as are maide into leather in oil, or with any liquor or material, whereof the chiefest ingredient, shall be oil.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, no tanner, basil tanner, currier, Spanish leather dresser, or other dresser of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins t£ be tanned- or dressed ’ in ooze, mill oil, or other material, or any maker of vellum or parchment, shall make use of any tan-house, tan-yard, work-house, mill, store, or other place for the tanning or dressing, drying or keeping of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or for making any vellum or parchment, or of any pit or vat for tanning or dref« sing hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or for making any vellum or parchment, unless'- he or she shall have given notice, or made a return in writing to the collector of the district -in which lie or {he shall reside, of his or her name and surname, and place of abode; and of every tan-yard, tan-house, or other-yard, and work-house, mill, {lore, and other place by him or her to be used for

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. *5*

for the tanning, dressing, and drying, or keeping of any hides or A.D. skins, or for making any vellum or parchment, and of the num- 1799. her and situation of the pits and vats therein respectively, for tan-ning or dressing such hides or skins, or pieces thereof; or for making vellnm or parchment, and specifying the number of pits, called lime-pits, and masterins in every such tan-yard; and if any such person shall tan or dress, or cause to be tanned or dressed, any hide or hides, {kin or skins, or make any vellum or parchment, or shall make use of af.y tan-house, tan-yard, or other yard, work-house, mill, or other place, or any pit or vat therein, or any llor-e for the tanning or dressing, drying, or keeping of hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or for making vellum or parchment, before he or she shall have given such notice, such person shall forfeit twenty pounds for every day such t; n-house, tan-yard, work-house, mill, or other place, or any such. pit or vat shall be used for any of the purposes aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That every tanner shall arthe fame time Tanners jo that he or ffie is required to.give ffich notice as aforesaid, give no- number of tice or make a return in writing to the coliettor of the district in 5ublr*1 f5ft

o , in pits, in which he or ffie shall reside, of the number of cubical feet in each their returns and every of the pits, called vats, handlers, and latches, and in every other pit in every tan-yard kept by him or her* in which bark is intended to be used; and if any tanner shall omit to give such no-dee, or make such return, or if he 6r ffie shall make any false re- turn, or using turn of the number of pits or vats, or of the cubical feet in any pit notm'cutioiKd whereof such return is hereby required to be made, or if any bark for(.f,!ch Pur*( shall be used in any pit or vat bilonging to any tanner, which shall turn, shall not in such return be described as a pit or vat for using bark; every *rfelt 100, such tanner for every default or offence, shall forfeit one hundred pounds.-

IV. And be it enacted, Thatrit shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise at any time in the day time, to ertter any tan-yard, ukea* tan-house, work-house, mill, or other yard, or place used by any counU* tanner or currier, or any dresser of hides or skins in oil, or by any maker of vellum or parchment, or any place where any such shall be, and to search for, view, and take an account of all pits, vats, and places therein, used for the tanning of hides and skins, and of the dimensions thereof, and to search ‘for, view, and take an iccount of all pits, vats, and places used for dressing hides and skins in oil, or for making vellum or parchment, and the uses to which such pits, vats, and other places are applied; and if any tanner, dresser of leather in oil, or maker of vellum or parchment,

3 R 52 or

r$2

A.D.

»799-Chap. 39.

201. penally for preventing officers fi\»m doing t!ic*ir duty, or for not cleat out pits.

How duty Hi all be charged on tanners, ycaily.

‘ monthly returns by officers, in planner, and at times herein/ n^eiitioned.

officers returns shall be charges oir tanners, who fl.all pay du-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

or his or her servant, shall not on demand made by any officer 6f‘ . excise, at the tan-house, tan-yard,'‘or other place of such tanner, dresser, or maker, admit such officer, or shall not ‘permit fitch officer to view and take such account as aforesaid, of all such pits,' vats, and other places as aforesaid; or if any tanner shall not oil demand of any officer of excise, clear all hides and skins out of any pit or vat which such officer may-require to-be so cleared, in aider to enable him to measure the fame, every such tanner, dresser, and maker, shall for every neglect or refusal by him oilier, or his or her servant, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That every tanner of hides and skins with bark, shall from the twenty-fifth day of March, one theu-sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one shoufimd eight hundred; and within every following year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, he charged with, and pay duty for a quantity of tanned hides and skins, according to the number of cubic feet contained in all the pits, except lime-pits, maflerins, and water-pools, for simple water, in his, her, or their tan yard or tan-yards, and other places called vats, handlers, and latches, or other pits or places in which bark is used for tanning leather, that Is to say, every such tanner shall be charged with, and pay a duty at the rate cf nine pence by the year, in respect of each and every cubic foot contained in all the pits in his, her or their tan-yard or tan-yards, or other places called vats, handlers and latches, or other pits or places in which bark is used, allowing two-ninths of the whole number of such cubic feet, as and for the contents of the pits in such tan-yard, called latches; and the officers of excise shall make monthly returns to the collectors of the distri<fts reflectively in which such tan-yards shall be situated, of the duty at the rate aforesaid, making the allowance aforesaid; that is to say, such officers shall monthly on every twenty-fifth day of the months of April and May, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-fifth day of July and August, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of the months of October, November, December, January, February and March, make a return of a twelfth'part of the sum with which such tanner is by this act chargeable with, in respect to the number of cubic feet in his or her aforesaid pits,-within the year, allowing as aforesaid, and such‘ return shall be a charge on every tanner against whom 'the fame shall have been made and returned; and every such tanner shall pay the duty so charged and returned, within one month after each of the said respective days, and in default of paying the fame, shall 6 forfeit

'The thirty'-fihith Year a/* George III.

forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and double the amount of the duty so returned, and shall not after such default, fentj, deliver or carry out, or fuller to be carried out, any hides or skins, -or pieces of hides or skins, until all such duty shall have been paid, on pain of forfeiting the sum of'fifty pounds, and double the "value of the hides or skins delivered or carried out.; and no such tanner shall be subject to-any other duty in respect of any hides or skins tanned with bark, and such hides and skins shall not be counted or weighed, nor marked with any stamp to denote the charging of duty -thereon; it being the intention of ‘this a£, that tio "Other tanned skins than skins tanned with fumack, and skins tanned for roans, gloves and bafils, shall be subject to the regulations herein after in (his act provided, respecting the fame, and "for hides and skins dressed in oil, and for vellum and-parchment.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That "if any tanner shall choose to discontinue the working'Or lifing of any of the pits or vats, in his or her tan-yard in which bark is used, not tess than one-fourth of the number of such pits or vats for any part ofa year, not left nor more than six months ifi such year, it shall and -may be lawful for any such tanner fb to do, provided that notice in "writing of the day when such tanner shall discontinue the wife of " such pits or vats, specifying rf>e number of pits or vats, and the cubic contents thereof, shall have been given ten days before such day, to the chief commissioners of his Majesty’s'revenue, and to the iurveyor and gauger of the walk in which such tan-yard shall be, and-in such case a proportionable -deduction, according to the number of cubic feet in the pits or vats so discontinued for the time -such pits -or vats shall not be employed, shall be made from the monthly charge by this act -dlre&ed to be made; and If any tanner shall, after the time mentioned in any such notice for discon--tinuing to work, use any pits, work or use any greater "number of pits or vats than the remainder of the pits or vats in his, her or their tan-yard, deducing the'number of pits or vats, of the’discontinuance of which such notice shall have been given, "every such tanner shall, for every such pit or vat exceeding such remainder, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any tanner who shall have so discontinued to work, or use any such pits or vats, shall work or use the fame, or any of them, without having given notice thereof in writing to the commissioners, surveyor and gauger, not less than ten days before he or she shall begin to use the fame, every such tanner shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such pic or vat.

Vol. XIX. i S VII. And

*53

A.D.

1799-

'ChaiM9-

'ty in<» month, or forfeit 50k and double duty$ and shall not send out any hides, See. until all is paid,' penally 50l. and double value of hides;

no other duty on hidjf or skins taft-ned with bark, nor dull they be -counted or stamped.

Tanners may difeontf-mie working one fourth or itoore of pits orvat*, after ten dap notice to-commissioners a 116 officers; allowance iiv proportion.

penalty for uffng irate than the remainder of pits or vats aft£r such notice;

10 days notice of tiling pit* or^vats discontinued, penalty 50l.

1

: 254 thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

*799-r- Chap. ,39.

Tanners and sureties to enter into a bond for 2col. before license is , grsrited.

VII. And be it enacted, That no licence shall be granted to any tanner with bark, unless he, she or they shall, with sufficient sureties, have executed a bond to his Majesty, in the penal sum of two hundred pounds, conditioned to pay all such duties as by virtue of this act such tanner shall have been charged with, and all penalties which shall have been inflicted for using any pit or vat, of which such notice erf discontinuing shall have been given, before the time when such tanner shall have given notice of again working the same.

Tanners

VIII. And be it enacted, That every tanner of skins with

orl('f fldns"!n fumack, or of skins tanned for roans, gloves or bafils, and

*oil, and dresser of hides Or fleins in oil, and every maker of vellum

makers, to and parchment shall, from thime to time, before any hide or

hour*notice, hides, (kin or skins, or any piece or pieces of any hide or before skins, -hides, (kin or fleins shall be taken out of the mill, ooze, li-

r Arc are taken # t

out to be quor, oil or other fnaterial in any tan-house, tan-yard, or

dned, penalty other yardj in any vat or pit used by him or her, for

'tanning, steeping or dressing any hides or fleins to be dried or otherwise disposed of, give forty-eight hours notice in writing to the officer of excise in charge of the walk in which such tan-house, yard or other place shall be, of the time when any hide or hides, stein or fleins, or any piece or pieces of any hide or hides, or (kin or lkins, or any vellum or parch-

;ment shall be taken out of the mill, ooze, liquor, oil, or other material, in order to; be dried or otherwise disposed of; and for every default of giving such notice, every such tanner, dresser and maker, making such default, shall forfeit twenty

r Tanners with fumack, or for roans, gloves, or bafils, and dressers in oil, and parchment-makers, shall permit officers to take account of ikins, &c. to be dried, and shall w it Kin 2 days after, make entries thereof with oncers, before they are carried away

And be it enacted, That every tanner of skins with fumack, or of fleins tanned for roans, gloves or bafils, and every dresser of hides and fleins in oil, and maker of vellum and parchment, shall from time to time permit any officer of excise, and every such officer is hereby empowered to take an account of the number and quality of all hides and skins, and pieces of hides or skins, vellum and parchment, which shall be taken out of the ooze, mill, liquor, oil or other material, in order to be dried or otherwise disposed of, and every such tanner, drifted and maker shall, within two days after such taking out, and before the carrying away of any such bide or hides, or (kfn or skins, vellum or parchment from the tan-yard, tan-hcufe,-or other yard cr place *8 > 4>elong-

pounds

IX.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

belonging to such tanner, dresser, or maker, or from the usual place or places where such hides or skins, or pieces thereof, or such vellum or parchment are or shall be usually dried, make true-entry with the collector of the district, or the surveyor or gauger in the walk, of the number'and quality of every of the hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment so taken out of the ooze, mill, liquor, or‘other materials, from the time any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins comprised in the last preceding entry were taken out, such time to be particularly described , and also the purposes for which they are respectively adapted, and for which they are respectively intended by him or her to be used, and shall verify such entry by affidavit upon oath, which oath any collector, fub-commissioner, or surveyor, in his Majesty's revenue is empowered and required to administer, and for every default -of any such tanner, dresser, or maker, in making such entry, or verifing the fame by affidavit as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise at any time in the day time to enter into any tan-house, tan-yard, work-house, mill or other yard or place used by any tanner of skins with fumack, *t>r of skins tanned for roans, gloves, or bafils, or by any dresser of hides or skins in oil, or by any maker of Vellum or parchment, or any place where any such shall be, to search and fee what quantities of hides or skins, and pieces of hides or skins, vellum and parchment respectively, are taken out of the mill, ooze, liquor, oil, or other material, to be dried or made fit for sale or use,; and also into the houses and other places belonging to every dealer in leather tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and bafils, and in every place where such tanned leather, leather dreffel in oil, or vellum or parchment shall be stored, dr shall be kept to be weighed or fold, or manufactured, to search and lee w'hether the hides and skins, vellum and parchment therein be duly stamped, and if any such tanner or any dresser of hides and skins in oil, or maker of vellum or parchment, or dealer in such leather, vellum, or parchment, or owner or occupier of any such place as aforesaid, or his or her servant shall refuse such entrance to any officer of excise, or not permit such officer to enter as aforesaid, every such tanner, dresser,

*1 S 2 . maker

Entries vfii. fied by afE- davit

lol penalty.

Officers may enter places used by such tanners and parchment makers, and by dealers i« leather and parchoicnt

2ol. penalty for obltnilt* ingan Officer.

:?S

A.D. 1799. tGkap. 39.

20l. penalty for not fh'cw-ing.stock on demand, or not permit* f ting officer to ruke account -thereof.

To\ penalty for concealing take fkms or v. pare! uncut.

Skins Or: parchment found in any tan-yard,&c. not licensed, or of which ootice is not given, or removed before duties are chargee*, or . concealed from officer* shall be for-.'/cited.

Tie* thirty-ninth Year George III.

maker of vellum or parchment, dealer in leather, or vellum or parchment, owner or occupier, Who or whose servant Shall refuse, or not permit such entrance as aforesaid, Shall for every offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and df any such tanner, dresser of hides or skins, maker of vellum or parchment, ot dealer in leather or vellum, or parchment, or his or her servant, shall not on demand made by any officer of excise, at the tan-yard, or other :place df fuGh tanner, dresser, maker, or dealer in (leather or vellum, or parchment* where any hides or skins, or vellum or parch-rment are kept, shew such officer all the flock of hides and lkins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, in the possession-of such tanner, dresser, maker, or dealer in leather or vellum, or parchment, or shall not permit such officer to take an nccaunt thereof, every such tanner, dresser, maker, and dealer, shall for every neglect or refusal by him or her, or by his or her fervartt, forfeit twenty pounds; and if any person -shall Fraudulently conceal any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or lkins, or any vellum or parchment, to the iutent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of the duty payable thereon, then ahrd in every such case, such person shall for every such offence forfeit twenty pounds; and all hides and lkins, and ^pieces of hides and skins tanned in manner aforesaid, or -dressed, or in the process of tanning or dressing, and all vellum and parchment which shall be Found in any tan-yard, tan-.houTe, ;mill, work-"house, or other yard or -place for which a license in Force-shall not have been granted, or of which such notice to the eolledlor of She distiid -as aforesaid, shall not have been given, and all skins tanned in manner aforesaid, and all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins dieffed in oil, and vellum and pardhraent which shall have, been removed and carried away, before the duties payable upon the fame, shall be charged and entered as by this act is directed, or which shall not be shewn to any officer of excise after demand as aforesaid, or which shall be fraudulently hidden or concealed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized bX any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and all hides and skins, and pitces of hides and 'skins, tanned or dressed as aforesaid, and all wellum and parchment found in any place belonging to any tanner, dresser of leather, or maker of vellum or parchment, of which such notice as aforesaid shall not have ibcen given, shall be deemed and taken to Ke concealed.

cri

JL

thirty-mnlh Year of George III. '

XI. And be it enacted, That every tanner of skins with fumark, or of skins tanned for roans, gloves, or haul.}, and every drefTer of hides and steins in oil, and every maker -of vclloin and parchment, shall from'time, to tmie before any hides or steins, or pieces of hides or skins, or any vellum or parchment shall he removed from any of his, her, or their yards, work houses. or other places of dressing, drying, or keeping the fame respectively, give two days notice in writing, to the officer of excise, of all hides or steins, and pieces thereof, and all vellum and parchment which he, she, or they {lull intend to remove to the intent that the officers of excise may ascertain the duties payable for the fame, according as the same are chargeable by weipht or tale and every such

o > w1

tanner and dresser, and maker, shall permit any officer of excise at his or her yard, or place where such hides or steins, or pices of hides or steins, or velium, or parchment, shall be dried or kept, to weigh and take an account of the number and quality thereof, and of the weight of such hides and steins, or pieces of hides or steins as are charge-, able with duty by weight, before the same shall be removed from the places of drying and keeping the fame respectively.

XII. And be it enacted, That when the duties chargeable on skins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and bafils, or on any hides or skins, and pieces of hides and steins dressed in oil, or on any vellum or parchment shall be ascertained, the officers of excise shall enter in a book the -respective weights and numbers, and quality of all such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and steins, and vellum and parchment, whereof the duties shall have been so ascertained as aforesaid, and shall make a return or report thereof in writing to the collector of the district, leaving a copy thereof under his hand, with the respective tanners or dressers of such hides and steins, and pieces of hides and steins, and makers of such vellum and parchment, which return or report shall be a charge on the tanners or dressers of such hides and steins, and pieces of such hides and steins, and the makers of such vellum and parchment respectively.

XIII. And be it enacted, That immediately from and after the duty of such steins, and pieces of skins tanned

*57

A.D.

17 y-

Chap 39.

2

rot?ot* to ofii r j tad.k re steins, &c. c rCiuov^ti.

officers to He

permitted to weish and take accounts.

Weights* numbers, and qualities of liid-s, entered by offi:ers, and returned to collc&orp

copies of returns to be left withstanners and parchment makers.

Oncers to cause duties t*> be marked when afciT-uined.

25 s

The thirty-ninth Year George III.

A.D.

with fumack, or for roans, gloves and bafils, and of such

1779* hides and skins, and pieces of bides and skins, dressed in .39 and of such vellum and parchment shall be ascertained by weight or tale as aforesaid, and an entry thereof mad© in a book to be kept by the officer or officers who shall have so ascertained the fame, such officer or officers shall calife every hide and flin, and every pi*ce of a hide and {kin, and all vellum and parchment whereof the duty ffialL be so ascertained, to be marked with such mark as this act directs, to be used to denote the charging of such duty as aforesaid.

ofncersto

XIV. Provided always, That in Cafe any tanner or v-keredcfircd drcffier of such hides and skins, or maker of such vellutn snd'without or Parchment shall desire. That the said mark be made upon, injury5 any particular part thereof, then the officer marking the fame shall mark such Hide or {kin, vellum or parchment accordingly, and officers in marking hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, shall be no damage, or the least damage that may be to the same.

XV. And for the better ascertaining of the duty chargeable on hides and skins, and pieces of hides and fkjn9, and* on vellum and parchment, and for preventing frauds between the officers of excise and tanners* cdrcffers, and makers thereof, be it enacted, That every such tanner and drcffier, and maker of vellum and parchment, shall keep all such hides and lleins, and pieces of -hides and skins, and all vellum and parchment which have not been duly {lamped

roner re-,ef8 space of two days after the {lamping thereof, unless the wfighedbv fame shall have been sooner reweiched.or taken an account

and if any Heins or pieces of skins -tanned with fumack, or tanned for roan6, gloves, or bazils, shall be removed from, - the yard or drjing place, or {lores of any tanner thereof, or if any Jiides or Heins, or pieces of hides or Heins dressed in oil, or any vellum or parchment shall he removed or

Undamped by any officer of excise, Separate from all hides and skins,

hides, &c. to \

be kept fepa- land pieces of hides and skins, ..and vellum and parchment

conveyed

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

-conveyed from the yard or drying-place, or stores of any dresser or maker thereof, before the expiration of two days next after the stamping thereof, unless the same shall sooner have been weighed or taken an account of by an inspector, surveyor, or other officer of excise, the tanner or drtfler of such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, and maker of such vellum or parchment, shall for every time he shall offend herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall tan as aforesaid, or dress in oil, any hides or skins or pieces thereof, shall at every of his or her yards or places used by him or her for drying hides and skins, provide and keep at his or her own costs and charges sufficient and just feales and weights for weighing and re-weighing all such hides and fleins, and pieces of hides and skins, which shall be in their respective yards and other places, and shall bring or cause the same to be brought to the feales, and shall assist the officers of excise in weighing and re-weighing such hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, in such manner as such officer shall think moil convenient, and in examining, from time to time, the depending flock of 'hides and fleins, and pieces of hides and fkirvs, of every such tanner and dresser of leather.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if upon any re-weighing »of any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, the same shall be found to be of greater weight than the weight according to which the fame were respectively charged with duty on the first weighing of the fame, all such hides and skins, an ! pieces of hides and skins, shall be charged with duty according to such greater weight, and the officer of excise who shall have re-weighed the same shall make a return or report thereof to the collector of the distriol, in the same manner as any officer is hereby directed to make a return Or report of the first weighing thereof, and such return or report shall in like manner be a charge on the tanners and dressers thereof respectively.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any disputeor difference shall arise between any such tanner, dresser of leather, or maker of vellum or parchment, or other person chargeable with any -of the duties aforesaid, and any officer of the revenue rc-‘f^ediing the amount of any charge made as aforesaid, the aeturn or report in which such charge shall be contained/

3 T shall

25>

A. ix

1799.

Cfiap-^39*

f~l. penalty -for removing hides, &c. within two days after (tamping* uo-lcfs rc-weighed, c.

Scales a"d > to be presided, a.id officers to be affi.Ld in weighing# &<x

If hides &c. are found heavier on reweighing, they shall be charged accordingly.*

When disputes arise, officers returns shall be verified on oath, which shall be conclusive.

2Co Tie thirty-ninth Vear of Ccorge III.

D titles to be paid wHiin I month after they aie charged in Dubliu; i month? in other pans; collectors to give receipts.

shall be verified by the oath of such officer, to be made before one of the chief commissioners, or one of the fub-commissioners of excise of the proper district, who are reflectively authorized to administer the same, that the return or report so made by him was truly and fairly made, to the befi of his ficill and knowledge, and thereupon such return or report shall be a charge upon the person or persons dif-puting the fame, and not other wise.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every tanner of skins with furnack, or of Heins tanned for rcans, gloves and bazils, and every dresser of leather in oil, and maker of vellum and parchment, shall payoff and discharge all the duties charged upon I'.im or her, in respect of all such hides and Heins, vellum and parchment, so marked as aforesaid, within one month, if in the city of Dublin, or the liberties adjoining, and within two months in all other parts of the kingdom, after the same shall be so marked and stamped as aforesaid, to the collector of the district in which he or fhc shall reside, and such collector is hereby required to give receipts for all the money he shall from time to time receive for the duties aforesaid, to the person or persons who shall pay the same.

2g1 prnafty, and double duty, for not paying within time tm e-feribed; and ccj. for!'end-in £T out any after, before duty is paid, and double value of ' skins, Jkc.

XX. And be it enacted, That every tanner To charged with the respective duties on Heins tanned with furnack, and skins tanned for roans, gloves and bafils, and every dresser of hides and skins in oil, and every maker of vellum and parchment so charged with the respective duties thereon, who shall neg!eft to make such payment as aforesaid within the time aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such neglect the sum of twenty pounds, and double the amount of the duty, the payment whereof shall not be so made, and shall not after such neglect or default fend, deliver, or carry out, or fuTTer to be carried out any hides or Heins, or pieces of hides or skins, or vellum or parchment, until all such duty as aforesaid ffi.all have been paid and cleared off, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, and double the value of the hides or skins, or vellum or parchment, delivejed or carried out.

tob penally, fui not keeping jutt lcalca and weights, or not ;:[£funir

O

offiocTb to weigh, &c.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any such tanner or dresser of leather shall not keep at every yard or other place used by him or her, for drying or keeping hides or Heins, jufi feales and weights as this act directs, or shall by him- ' c self

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 261

fclf or herself, or any person employed by him or her, not A.D. permit any officer of excise, who shall desire to weigh or re- x799* weigh any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins belonging to such tanner or dresser at such yard or drying places as aforesaid, to weigh or re-weigh the fame, or shall by himself or herself, or by any person employed by him or her, neglect or refuse to bring the same to the scales, or to assist at weighing or re-weighing the fame, in such manner as such officer shall think moil convenient, every such tanner or dresser shall, for every default, neglect, or offence herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any officer of excise shall, at the yard or other place of any tanner or dresser, be furnished with any unjuff scales or weights for weighing or re-weighing hides or skins, or pieces of y0l. penalty hides or skins, or be furnished with any scales or weights for.

J 0 unjuit scales

which on weighing or re-weighing any . hides or ikins, or or weight*, pieces of hides^ or steins, shall, by any device, not exhibit the true weight thereof, whereby his Majesty may be defrauded of any of the duties aforesaid, every such tanner or dresser shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXII. And whereas it is necessary for the collection of the duties on leather tanned with fumack, and for roans,

gloves, and bafils, and on leather dressed in oil and on vellum and parchment, that papers, called specimen papers,

‘shall be put up and preserved in the fiore-house of every such tanner and dresser of leather, and maker of vellum and parchment, in order that officers of the revenue visiting their yards and stores, shall make an entry on such paper of their visits at such places respectively, and of all notices given of taking hides and steins out of the pit or ooze, or oil, or other materials, and of requiring the officers of excise to stamp or mark the fame, and of the quantity and different species and quality of hides and steins, and vellum and parchment stamped and marked by such officers; Be it Tanners, &c. enacted, That every tanner, dresser of -leather, maker of

vellum and parchment, who shall be furnished by any of- shall

1 # # 111 Cailte to ficer of the revenue with any such specimen paper, shall be fixed and

cause the same to be fixed on boards conveniently made for he^diVca-

that purpose, and shall cause such specimen paper so fixed pe’iah)r

to be hung, polled or put up in his or her store-house, in

the moll public and conspicuous place, and preserv-e and

*jol. penalty

fur removing hides, See. before duty is marked avd c'laivi cl, to be paid by tanner, buyer, kc.

undamped bides, &c. or such \vi th false damps, in any place not been fed, maybe fuzed.

Accounts to be settled and balanced every three months, between tan-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

keep the fame so polled in such manner, that any officer of the revenue visiting at such flore-house may view the fame, and make entries thereon; and if any such tanner, dresser, or maker as aforesaid, shall not port or put up, or preserve such specimen paper in manner herein directed, unavoidable accidents excepted, he or she shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any skins or pieces of skins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, or bafils, or any hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins dreffied in oil, or any vellum or parchment shall be removed or conveyed from the yard, work-house, drying-place, or {lores of any tanner, dresser, or maker thereof, before the duties payable thereon shall be fully charged by weight or talc, as this act in the respectivo cases both require, and before such hides or skins, or pieces thereof, or vellum or parchment shall be stamped or marked, to denote the charging of the said duties, the tanner, dix-lfer, or maker, out of whose yard or other place such hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, or vellum or parchment shall have been so removed or convey-cd; and every buyer,- contractor, or other person who shall take away, or cause or procure to be taken from any such yard or other place, any such hides or skins, or pieces of hides or skins, or vellum or parchment, or in whose posses-fion any such shall be found, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and all such skins and pieces of skins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and bafils, and all such hides and steins, and pieces of hides and skins, dreffied ifo oil, and vellum and parchment, which shall be found ij any other place than the yard, drying-place, or (lores of a licensed tanner, dreffier of leather, or maker of vellum and parchment, without such stamp or mark as aforesaid, jto denote the charging of the said duties, or which shall be found in any place with any false or forged mark err stamp used to denote the charging of the said duties, or re-fcmbling any part of such mark or stamp, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every tanner of skins with ffiumack, or of skins tanned for roans, gloves, and bafils, and every dresser of hides or skins in oil, and every maker of vellum and parchmenjt, shall once in every three

months

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 263

months at least, settle an account with the collector of the A.D. district in which he or she shall reside, of and for the hides 1799-and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment of such tanner, dresser and maker respectively, "ej7’^'sand which within the time of every such account shall have been penalty50l. taken out of the ooze, mill, liquor, oil or other ingredients, used for tanning or steeping, dressing, or making the same, and of his entries thereof with the officers, and shall at the same time balance such account by hides and skins, or pieces of hides and skins, and vellum and parchment, for which the duty shall have been charged as aforesaid, and by such hides and lkins, vellum and parchment then remaining in his hands'unmarked, and for which duty shall not have been charged as aforesaid, which account every such tanner, dresser, and maker, shall truly and faithfully make as aforesaid, under the penalty of fifty pounds; and that every officer upon taking every such account shall in- officer*

y o j - attend to fucV

form himself concerning the truth or falsehood thereof, to accounts, the end that if such 'tanner, dresser, or maker, shall have andpenaUic* unlawfully conveyed away any of such hides or skins, con- may be re-

J J J J # covered.

trary to this act, or shall have defrauded his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any part of the duties hereby payable for the fame, he may be proceeded against for the recovery of such duties, and of such penalties and forfeitures as are by this act prescribed for such offence.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee $1. prna’ty or reward shall be taken by any officer of his Majesty's re- takU^a'

venue, from any tanner or dresser of hides or fkiivs, or any maker of vellum and parchment, or any other person for any ad or duty to be performed by such officer in pursuance of this act, under the penalty of five pounds, to be forfeited to the party aggrieved, for every such offence.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners Commis-of his Majesty's revenue shall provide, or cause to be pro- vidTftamp*0* vided marks or {lamps, with which all skins, a-nd pieces of

skins, tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves, and bafil6, parchment and all hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, dress-. f0rP such asT*1 ed in oil, and vellum, and parchment, imported into this £einlre* kingdom, shall be marked or stamped upon the payment of the duties thereof, and also marks and stamps with which all skins, and pieces of skins tanned with fumack, or for roans, gloves and bafils, and all hides and skins dressed in

3 U 2 -oil,

(lamps may be ahem! by commission-

pevfons who make or procure counterfeit stamps, or It 11 hides, &c. marked with such, shall be tranl. ported for 7 years.

3 day»

notice iu D4 Gazette, when (lamps are altered;

time allowed for getting officers to mark with , jnevv (lamps;

officers to attend and mark, with-fee.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

oil, and all vcllura and parchment made in this kingdom upon charging of the said respective duties for the same shall be stamped or marked, and shall cause the said respective marks or stamps to be distributed to the proper officers for the several purposes before mentioned; and such marks and {lamps, or any of them, shall or may be altered, changed, or renewed from time to time, as the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them shall think fit; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge any fiamp or mark, which shall be kept or used for denoting the charging of any duty chargeable on hides or skins, or on vellum and parchment, or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause or procure" to be counterfeited, marked or imprefied, upon any hide or skin, or any piece of any hide or skin, or on any vellum or parchment, any mark or device, to referable any of the marks or devices ;aforesaid, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-: cessors, of any of the duties aforesaid, or shall utter, vend,

or fell,.or cause or procure to be uttered, -vended, > or fold,

: any hide or skin, or piece of any hide or skin, or any vellum or parchment, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing such mark or impression to be counterfeited; then every such person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, flia.ll be adjudged a felon, and shall be transported for the term of seven years.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That as often as the stamps or marks, for denoting the charging of the duty on hides and skins tanned as aforesaid, and dressed in oil, and on vellum and parchment, or any of them, shall be altered or changed, notice thereof shall be given by the chief commissioners, or any three or more of them, in the Dublin Gazette, for three successive days of publication thereof, and that any person who shall have in his or hercustody or possession, any hides . or skins, -marked with the fiamp or mark, before such time in use, may within such time as the said commissioners shall by the said notice appoint, not less than two months from the third day: of the said publication of the said notice, require the officers of excise authorized to fiamp hides and skins, and vellum and parchment to fiamp the fame, and every such officer.is hereby required, without fee or -reward, within twenty-four hours after demand, to fiamp and mark the fame with the new fiamp.or mark, which the said commissioners

ta.

*The thirty-ninth T*ear of George III. 265

missioners shall have provided for denoting the charging of A.D. the said duty. r799*

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That after the expiration of the time so to be appointed, within which such hides and f Hldc?’ &c*

1 1 found without

skins, and pieces of hides and Ikins, and vellum and parch- such new ment, as had been stamped or marked with the former Hamp expiation of or mark used for denoting the charging of the said duties |,nit^ respectively, may be stamped or marked, with the new stamp or mark which shall have been provided, and every hide or skin, or piece of any hide or skin, tanned as aforesaid, or dressed in oil, or any vellum or parchment, found in the possession of any person without such new or altered or changed stamp or mark thereon, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That there shall be allowed Drawback, and paid to every person exporting tanned hides and Ikins, ^xportad! and pieces of tanned hides and Ikins, or any manufacture of on, via. tanned hides or Ikins, or hides or Ikins dressed in oil, or

any manufacture thereof, or vellum or parchment, on which the duty charged thereon shall have been paid the several drawbacks following, as a compensatioU for the duty charged thereon; that is to say, upon every such hide and skin, id. perib.<m or piece of such hide or skin tanned, the sum of one penny for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof; and upon any i^d. perib. manufacture whereof tanned leather is the most valuable part, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois; and for and upon every pound &c.

weight avoirdupois of all hides and Ikins dressed in oil, other oil jd. perib.

0 # r # except as

than as.herein after'mentioned, whether made into goods or hereafter* wares, or not, the sum of two pence; and upon every 3j.perib.for pound weight avoirdupois, of all deer Ikins, goat Ikins, and beaver Ikins, the sum of three pence; and for and upon ca]f/].;ng> every pound weight avoirdupois, of alt calve Ikins, the 2d- Per sum of two pence; and for and upon every pound weight sheep, &e. avoirdupois, of sheep Ikins and lamb Ikins, the sum of one ‘d’perlb’ lialfpenny; and for and upon every dozen Ikins of vellum, vellum 6d.

n J I r , , per dozen;

the sum of six pence; and every dozen flans ofvparchment, parc|iment the sum of three pence; which payment shall be made by 3d Ptrdu«t». the collector of the port from whence such hides or Ikins, or midebycol. manufacture of hides or Ikins, or vellum or parchment, shall be exported out of any monies in his hands, arising from any form requi-Voi. XIX. 3 X ' aids Ctes’

Fine*, Scc. 'recovered as

l)y >4 & 15

Cha. 2, or any other re-▼enue law; with like remedy of ap-jpeaL

2G6 The thirty-mrith Year of George III.

A.D.

aids or duties granted tb his Majesty, upon the person or per-jTYi^9* fons exporting the fame, performing regularly the fame re-

"quifites, and complying with the fame regulations as afe or may be required by law to be made and observed by persons exporting any article, whereon any drawback is payable for obtaining the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in such manner and form, and by such Ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, act for the

settling of the eteerfe or new upon his Majesty, his heirs

and successors, according to the booh of rates therein inserted \ or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually to all intents, -constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in this Ct, with the like remedy of appeal, to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this act shall con-

illoo^and^' t*nuc an<* be force until the twenty-fifth day- of

of next March, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then -next session of parliament, and no longer.

In force

7 CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 267

A.D.

CHAP. XL.

An Act for granting to His Majesty Duties on to

fell spirituQus Liquors and Metheglin, and for continuing the fevervl Laws for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, C, and Spirituous

Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

Tuesday the seventh day of May, one /even hundred and ninety nine,

Rtyal Ajfent given.

JOHN CATER* D. CLER. PARL.

FOR the support of your Majesty's government, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that there shall be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every license to be granted for felling any kind of spirituous liquors by retail, in the city of Dublin, or within the circular road surrounding the said city, and within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, the sum of thirty pounds: and in every place beyond the circular road, and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than two miles therefrom, the sum of twenty pounds; and in every other place beyond the circular road and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distaftt more than five miles therefrom, the sum of fifteen pounds; and within the city of Cork, and all places surrounded by the said city, the sum of thirty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the city, twenty pounds; and within the city of Waterford, the sum of thirty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the said city, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the city of Limerick, and all places surrounded by the said city, there shall be paid the sum of thirty pounds; and within the rest of the county of the said city of Limerick, the sum of twenty pounds; and within the towns of Belfast, Newry, Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, Clon-

3X2 niell,

rrcamwc. 37G.J.C 4>* jSG.j. c. 7J*

30l. for «K-

ccofc to retail spiriti in dif-tri& of me* tropolU.

*ol. fn parti not more than 2 miles from circular road or Phoenix Park; and 15l. where not more than $ miles therefrom.,

City of Cork 30l. co. of city 20l.

City of Wa* terford 30l. co. of city 20l.

City of Limerick 30l. co. of city 20U

a. i>.

'799-Chap. 40.

' 1 5l. in towns ami cities herein named* Iol. in all other chics, towns, &e. and within one m le thercif.

61. in # other parts.

The like duties to be paid

1

Y

i fous

; licensed to fell . spirits by whole sale.

Persons li-confed to retail spirits may fell wine, -beer and ale.

5os. forre-:tailing me-: theglin or 1 mead.

Collectors to grant li-cenles for fel-lingmead, on receipt of duly, and 1* and tinlicensed retailers forfeit iol.

No licenses to

fell by wholesale but in a

- city or market town.

Spirit li-

cenft ad, 77 G. 3. c 45.

- except parts amended by 38 G. 3. and f;tid ad 38 G. 3. C. 73. and this act, continued to *29 Sept.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

mell, and in the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, there shall be paid the sum of fifteen pounds; and within all other cities, corporate towns, market towns, and within one mile of the town house, market-house, or principal market place thereof, there shall he paid the sum of ten pounds; and for every license for felling such spirituous liquors by retail, in any other part of this kingdom, there shall be paid the sum of six pounds; and for and upon every license to any person or persons to fell spirits in any parts of this kingdom, in quantities not less than one gallon, there shall be paid the like duty as is payable in such place, on a license to sell spirituous liquors by retail, which duties shall be in lieu of all duties heretofore payable on such licenses.

II. And be it enacted, That all licenses for sale of spirituous liquors, do likewise extend to the sale of wine, beer and ale, by retail, without payment of any further or other, duty for the fame; and that no separate license be granted or deemed necessary for the sale of wine, ale or beer, by retail.

III. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted, levied, colle£led, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuev-cessors, for and upon every license to any person to fell metheglin or mead by retail, a duty of twenty shillings.

1-V. And be it enacted, That the collectors of Jris Majesty's cxeife shall grant licenses for the felling of metheglin or mead, by retail, upon receipt of the duty payable thereon, together with a fee of one shilling for their own use on each license, and if any person shall fell metheglin or mead by retail, without having such license, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person not residing in a city or market town to fell spirits in any other manner than by retail.

VI. And be it enacted, 'rhat,an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, J!n act for regulating the ijfning of licenses for the sale of wine, ale,

cider, and spirituous liquors, by and for preventing the immoderate use of spirituous , and for granting to

his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duties therein

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

I toned, except such parts thereof as have been amended by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act last

Jeff on of parliament, entitled, An act for regulating the -

ing of Ikenfes for the Jale of w, , beer, , and fpk rituous liquors, by retail, and for preventing the immoderate use

of spirituous liquors, and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs

and success'on, the duties therein mentioned, and also the said last mentioned act, together with this act, shall continue, and be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand eight hundred, and no longer.

VII. And whereas by the said act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, several of the fines in-flided for offences against the fame may be sued for or prosecuted either by information in the excise-office in the district, or before any magistrate, and all such fines are by the said act directed to be applied, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the informer, be it enacted, That in all cases where any such fine shall be levied by or under an authority from any magistrate, such magistrate shall within one month after such fine shall be levied, pay the moiety of the fame, to which his Majesty is entitled, to the collector of his Majesty's revenue, in the district in which such fine shall have been levied, and shall notify such payment to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and every magistrate who shall not so pay such money, shall for every offence forfeit double the amount of such moiety, the same to be sued for and recovered by and in the name of any person who shall sue Tor the fame, by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin;

By 37 G-3. c. 45. fine* may be recovered before a magistrate.

Magistrate* shall pay moieties of such fines to collector* wit hi* one month, or forfeit double amoufttt

The thirty-ninth Year of ' George III.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act to amend and continue an laji Sejffion of

Parliament, for regulating the Trade of a , and for securing the Duties on home-made Spirits.

270

A.D.

*799-

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine

Ryyal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER. T>. CLER. PARL.

'Tt is necessary to amend ’ the distillery atf 38 G. 3. ‘X, 51.

w

'Officers to charge did liters with

1- 9th part spirits lor wash from corn deereaf-ed

j-6th for

-decrease of wash from sugar or decayed wines;

2- ytha for dc-

crease of fng

WHEREAS it is necessary to amend an act passed last session of parliament, entitled, An act for regulating the trade of a difiller, and the duties on home-made Spirits, and to continue the , save such parts thereof as are amended or altered by this act j therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the officers of excise keeping an account of wash or pot-ale, and low wines of any difliller, shall, upon any decrease of wash made from corn, charge such difliller with duty for as much fpi--rits as shall be equal to one-ninth part of the wash so decreased; and upon any decrease of wash made from sugar or molasses, or decayed wines, with duty for as much spirits as shall be equal to one-sixth part of the said last mentioned wash; and upon any decrease of Anglings or low wines.

Kngsfrom'first being the Arft extradion of wash made from corn,

shall

charge such dilliller with duty for as much spirits as shall be equal to two fifths of such Anglings or low wines; and

extraction from com;

J for de-

create of sing- upon any decrease of Anglings or low wines, being the Arft firifextraction extradion from wash made from sugar, molasses, or decayed /fuSar’ wines, with duty for so much spirits as shall be equal to officerst® one-half of such Anglings or low wines; and the officers Accordingly.* excise making returns of the quantities of spirits distilled by any difliller, and of the duties thereon, shall make such -charged with returns accordingly, and the distillers shall pay the duties so corn distlier charged and returned; and when any still shall be charged ffiaiibecharg- with pot-ale or wash made from corn, such officer shall of what it can charge the difliller with duty for as much spirits as shall be *onuia* equal

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

equal to T>ne-ninth paTt of the quantity which such dill "shall be capable of containing; and where any dill shall be charged with pot-ale ot wash, made from sugar, made from sugar, molades, or decayed wines, with duty for as much 'spirits as shall be equal to one-sixth part of the quantity ‘which such dill shall be capable of containing, deducing in both cases one-seventh part of such quantity for liberty for such dill to work; and when sany such dill shall be charged with Anglings or low wines, extracted from wash made from corn, such officer shall charge the distiller with duty for as much spirits as shall be equal to two-fifth parts of the quantity which such dill shall be capable of containing,

and where stich dill diall be charged with singlings or low "wines, extracted from wash made from sugar, molades, or decayed wines, with duty for as much spirits as shall be equal to one-half of the quantity which such dill shall be capable of containing, deducting in both cases one-twelfth part of Yu oh quantity for liberty for such dill to work, and the officers of excise making returns of the quantities of "spirits distilled by any distiller, and of the duties thereon, shall make such Tetums accordingly, and such distiller shall pay the duty so charged and returned.

II. And be it enacted, That every distiller of spirits who shall have any dill or dills of three thousand gallons content 'each, and upwards, shall be charged with, and pay excise in respect of each such dill, for dfteen charges of low wines, "for twenty-five working days next after the day on which each such dill respectively shall from time to time be unlocked, pursuant to the said recited act, or set at work* and every distiller who shall have any dill or dills, each under three thousand gallons content, and not less than two thousand five hundred gallons content, diall be charged with and pay excise in respect of each such dill for sixteen charges of ilow wines, for twenty-five working days, next after the day on which each such dill respectively shall be unlocked, or set at work as aforesaid j and every distiller who shall have any dill or dills, each under two thousand five hundred gallons content, and not less than two thousand gallons content, shall be charged with, and pay excise in respect of each such dill, for seventeen charges of low wines, for twenty-five "working days next after the day on which each such dill re-Ypedively shall from time to time.be so unlocked, or set at'

3 Y 2 work

2yi A.D.

1799-Chap . 41.

when charged with wash from sugar or decayed wines, with i-6ih; deducting

1- 7th in both cases;

when charged with filial

r 6

11 om corn,

2- jths

when charged with fuigliugt from sugar or decayed , wines

1-12ch deduced inbotk cafea;

officers to make returns, which shall be charges oa distillers.

Charge for a stili of 300# gallons, and upwards.

charge foe a ltill under 3000, and 00* leis than 2500 gallons

charge fur a stili under 2500 g :1k.ns, *nd not less than 2000.

charge for a full under Soooo gallons, and not less than 1500.

charge for a {lilt under 1 500 gallons and not less than 1000.

what proportions shall he charged as spirils.

c?cdu<f^ing 1 - I zth for liberty to v?ork.

Piftillers to be charged until they -discontinue working, as by the said act; and for as much more as they distil, &c.

Charge for a fill under: 1000, and not less than 500 gallons.

7 l:c thirty-ninth Year of George-Ill.

b

work as aforesaid; and every distiller who shall have any {till, each under two thousand gallons content, and not less than one thousand five hundred gallons content, shall be charged with and pay excise, in respect of each such dill for eighteen charges of low wines, for twenty-five working days, next after the day'on which each such dill respectively shall from time tQ time be unlocked, or set at work as aforesaid; and every distiller who shall have any still or dills, each under one thousand five hundred gallons content, and not less than one thousand gallons content, shall be chargeable with and pay excise, in respect of each such still for twenty charges of low wines, for twenty-five working days, next after the day on which each such dill respectively shall be unlocked, or set.at work as aforesaid, and the quantity of spirits for which such distiller shall be charged with duty, in respect to every such charge of low wines as aforesaid, shall be, if such low wines shall have been extracted from wash made from corn, two-fifth parts of the quantity which such dill shall be capable of containing, and if such low wines shall have been extracted from sugar, molades, or decayed wines, one half of the quantity which every such dill shall be capable of containing, deducing in both cases one-twelfth part for liberty fer every such dill to work; and every distiller shall be charged with and pay excise in the like proportion, in respect of the contents of his dr her dill or dills respectively, for every subsequent day until the time of discontinuing to work with such dill or dills which shall be specified in any notice which shall be given to the chief commissioners, collector, surveyor, and gauger, pursuant to the said act of such distillers’ intention so to discontinue, and until the works in w'hich his or her dill or dills respectively is, are, or shall be set, shall be taken down, and until such: dill or dills shall be locked as by the said act is directed, and shall also be charged with, and pay excise for as much more pot-ale, wash, low wines, singlings or spirits, after the rate aforesaid, as he or she shall didil within such twenty-five working days, and every such subsequent day over and above the respective quantities aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That every distiller who shall have any dill or dills each under one thousand gallons content, and not less than five hundred gallons content, shall be charged with, and pay excise in respect of each such dill for 8 twenty-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 273

twenty-three charges of low wines, for twenty-five working A. days next after the day on which each such fiill respectively f *r shall from time to time be unlocked or set at work as afore-

laid i and every distiller who shall have any fiill or ftillseach "

tinder five hundred gallons content, and not less than two 500 gaUnn*. hundred gallons content, shall be charged with and pay ex- thall 200. cife in respect of each such fiill, for thirty charges of low wines, ^for every twenty-five working days next after the day on which each such fiill respectively shall be unlocked or fct at work as aforesaid; and the quantity of spirits for which wfnt such distiller shall be charged with duty, in respect to every charged a» such charge of low wines, as aforesaid, shall be, if such low fp!nU' wines shall have been extracted from wash made from corn, two-fifth parts of the quantity which such fiill shall be capable of containing; and if such low wines shall have been extracted from sugar, molasses, or decayed wines, one-half of the quantity which every such fiill shall be capable of containing, deducting in both cases one-twell’th part of such quantity, for liberty for every such fiill to work; and every distiller shall be charged with and pay excise in like proportion in respect to the contents of his or her fiill, for every subsequent day until the time of discontinuing to work with such fiill or Hills which shall be specified in any notice which shall be given to the chief commissioners, collector, surveyor, and gauger, pursuant to the said act of such distillers inten-tion to discontinue, and until such fiill or Hills respectively shall be locked, and the worm or worms of such fiill or Hills respectively displaced and removed Out of the worm-tub, or worm-tubs thereunto belonging, as by the said receited act is directed; and shall also be charged with, and pay excise for duty to be

1 1 /it ’r f Pai<* *or a*

as much more pot-ale, wash, low wines, singlings, or spirits much more at after the r^te aforesaid, as he or shall distil within such twenty-five working-days, and eve?y such subsequent day over and above the respective quantities aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any distiller of fpiiits shall Distiller* mix or fufier to be mixed any unmalted corn or grain, or *mixma*r’ any corn or grain which had not been charged with the duty on malt grqund or unground, or any meal of oats or wheat malted or unmalted, with any ground or unground malted corn, in preparing for or brewing, making or fermenting any or mjs nn wash or pot-ale for the making of spirits, or shall brew or mal,e,dcur"»

r . 0 ' not charged,

make any wash or pot-ale for difiilling spirits from any un- &«.

3 Z

malted

*74 '

a. a-

170 )

Chap. 41.

or. diilil from fitch wadi or put ale

« or who have oat* dried on a kiln

if kiln-drL'd , oats arc found with a malt-iter

40l. penalty, and all such . corn, &c.

forfeited;

proof to be wn defendant

if more than S (tones of oats or oatmeal be found in a diilillery, it shall be forfeited, and 20l.

200 gal. (tills may be licensed until 24 June, iHoo.

Pines See. trecovered as by 14 and 15 . C. 2, with like remedy of ap| e .1; or by any other revenue taw.

‘The: thirty-ninth Year George III.

malted corns or conn which had not been charged with the duty on malt, mixed or unmixed with malt, or from any malt made of malt mixed or unmixed with any other corn or grain, ground or onground, or shall distil or fufler to be distilled, any spirits from any such wash or pot-ale as aforesaid; or if any such mixed corn or malt ma<ie of oats ground or unground, or any kind of meal, from any corn which had not been charged with the duty on malt; or if any wash or pot-ale brewed or made from any unmalted-corn, mixed or unmixed with any mailed corn, or if any quantity of oats dried on a'kiln, shall be found in the distillery, or in any other place in the possession of, or belonging to any distiller, or in the possession of any other person for the use of any difliller; or if any such oats shall be found in the possession of any maltster, every such distiller and maltster, shall for every such offence forfeit forty pounds; and all such corn, ground or unground, and meal end waffi, and the bags, caflcs, or vessels containing the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any justice of the peace, or any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and upon the trial of any information for the said penalty, or any of the said forfeitures* the defendant or defendants therein shall be.convicted, or the corn, meal, and waffi condemned, unless proof shall be made by the defendant or claimant, that the corn or meal, or any part thereof, was not such as shall be alleged in such information; and if any ground oats or oatmeal, above the weight of eight (tones, shall be found in any distillery or (tore, or other place thereto belonging, the same shall be seized and forfeited as aforesaid, and the distiller in whose distillery or store the :fame shall be found shall forfeit twenty pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the chief commissioners, of his Majesty's revenue, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, to grant licenses for keeping any (till or {tills which shall be

of a content not less than two hundred gallons, any -former -act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in this kingdom,

7 - in

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 27$

in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late A.D. Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An Act for the-settling of the excise or new impojl upon his M, his heirs and fuc-

cessors, according to the hook of rales therein , or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions, and purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said recited act, save Recitedaft as the fame is by this act altered or amended, together with to continue this act, shall continue to be of forcemntil the twenty-fourth {^dend day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence of-next session. 'to the vend of the next Teflion of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty Duties therein -tioned, on the severalKinds of Paper therein - m-

ported into, and made in Ireland, and for amending and continuing ' An Act passed lafi SeJ/ion of

sure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland and to prevent Frauds therein.

Tueflaj the seventh day of May, one thousand from hundred and Minety*ninef

Royal jjffent given.

JOHN GAYER* D. CLER. PAUL.

FOR 'the Further support of your Majesty's government, Treambfo.

be it enacted ~by the King’s most excellent Majesty,.by 38G.j.e. and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the duties to be, passing of this act, until the twenty-fifth day of March, j^arch"* which shall be in the year one thousand eight hundred in- «* elusive, and no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's Icingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs, and successors, for and upon all paper called blue paper, brown paper, and

2 Z3 preflinj

id. per lb. additional, on Eindish blue,1 brown, and prelfinjj paper, imported

fame from <other co*in-Iriut, ad.

Duties on ^paper made in Ireland

paper hangings id. per lb.

top. per cwt.

-on fbeathing paper;

button paper Jd. per lb.

2l. for a

license, which shall be in force to 25 of succeeding March.

Duty on paper imported to be over all ether duties, and collect ed in like manner, and subject to like -drawbacks.

ftfhc thirty-ninth Year of George III.

-pressing paper, of the manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, an additional duty of one penny for every pound weight thereof, avoirdupois; and for and upon all such papers as aforesaid, not of the manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be so imported during the lime aforesaid, an additional duty of two pence for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois.

II. And be it enacted, That from and nfterthe passing of this act, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for and_ upon the several forts of paper herein after mentioned, which shall be made in this kingdom, ftom the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred inclusive, the several and respective duties following; that is to say, for and upon all paper fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of paper hangings, a duty of one penny for every pound weight thereof avoirdupoise; for and upon every one hundred weight of paper, commonly called or known by the name of fheating or sheath-ing-paper, a duty of ten shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and for and upon all button-paper, or button-board, a duty of one halfpenny for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois, she said duties to be paid by the makers or manufacturers of such paper respectively.

IH. And be it also enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, and paid during the time aforesaid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every license to any person or persons to kee a mill or mills for making paper, a duty of t\yo pounds, and every such license shall be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March next, after the time of granting the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said duties on the said papers to be imported, shall be over and above all other duties imposed on such papers, by virtue of an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An Act for granting for one year the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifed during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Ma-

jefys

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ffly's colonies, and for other pu therein mentioned, or by any other aiior -acts of parliament heretofore made in this king-

dom, the same to be raised, answered, collected, levied, and paid by the fame ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and powers, and be accounted for unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in the same manner as* the duty payable on the importation of any articles therein specified, by virtue of the said recited act, is thereby appointed.to be raised, answered, -collected, levied, paid, and accounted for, and that the same shall be subject to the like drawbacks as by the said recited act are prescribed, with respect to the duty on the articles, therein mentioned.

V. And be it enacted, That the said several duties charged by this act on the several kinds of paper therein mentioned, made, in this kingdom, shall be charged, levied, and repaid in the same manner as prescribed in an act passed la ft session of parliament, entitled, An secure the

of the duties, on paper made in Ireland, and to prevent frauds therein, for. charging, levying, and paying the duties upon the paper therein mentioned, so far as the fame Js not otherwise prescribed i by this act, and that all rules, regulations, and restrictions in the said last mentioned act, relative to the paper therein mentioned, and all penalties and forfeitures thereby, or by this act mflided for any breach of such rules, regulations, and restrictions, shallv8e in force in respect of the said paper hereby charged with duty.

VI. And be it enacted, That when any of the said paper called or known by thenameof sheathing paper, shall be made use of in the (heathing of ships, the person who shall make use of the fame for the purpose aforesaid shall be entitled to receive, and the collector of the district wherein such sheathing-paper shall be so used, shall re-pay to such person all such dilties as have been paid for the same, on his making it appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue by affidavit, or if a known quaker by affirmation, that such sheathing-paper has been used in the fhcathing of ships as aforesaid.

VII. And for securing the d.uties on paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, paper for hangings, and (heating or sheathing-paper, and all button paper, or button-board made

Duties Irish paper t» be charged and paid at by-paper a

38 G. 3. 29. so far as not otherwise prescribed by this a£L

Duty on paper used ia (heathing ship* shall be repaid by collectors, oa affidavit.

No piper shall be made until a liccnle is tnk< n out, for which the

ill

A.D.

1799;

' Chap. 42.

duty, and is. fees, shall be paid to col-ledtor; penalty 59l. and all paper and materials forfeited.

Entries of mills, work-houses, engines, See. to be made, before paper makers beg; 11 to work;

*trhe thirty^ ninth Year George’ll I.'

in this kingdom; beat enacted, That no maker of paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale>-board, glared paper, paper for bangings, or {heath ing-paper, button paper, or button-board', shall make any such paper, uftless he, she, or they shall have taken out a license for that purpose from the collector of the district in which his or her, or their mill or mills shall be situated, which shall set forth his, her, or their name or names, sirname or sirnames, and the place where his, her, <or their mill is situated j and every such collector is hereby authorized and empowered to grant such license, upon receipt of the duty;payable thereupon,'together with a fee oT one shilling, for his own. use; and if any person mal! make any paper, paste-board, millboard, fealeiboard, glazed paper, paper for-hangings, or Iheathing paper, button paper, or button-board, without having taken out such license, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, together with all the paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, and glazed paper, paper for hangings; and {heath-ing paper, button-paper, and button-board -respectively, and all the materials proper to be made into such paper, which shall at any time be found in any mill, work-house, ware-house, 'ffore-house, room, or other place used in, or for the making, drying, or keeping of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed paper,paper for hangings or sheathing paper, button-paper, or button-board for vrhich i such license shall not have been granted.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, paste-board, milk board, seale-board, glazed-paper, paper for hangings or ffieathing-paper, button-paper, or but ton*: board,

before' he, she, or they shall make any such paper, shall from time to time* make true and particular entry in writing at the office of excise, in the district in which his, her, or their mill or mills shall be situate, of every mill, work-house, ware-house, store-house, room, -or other place, by kirn or I>er respectively intended to be made use of, in or for the making, drying, or keeping of any paper, or any materials proper to be made into any "paper, »and of every ..engine having a metal or other plate and roller, and of every vat, press, -utensil and yeficl, by him or her used, or -intended to be used, in or for making of such paper, and of the dimenfi-,ons in length, breadth, and depth of each such engine, vat, Jt -press,

G(

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 279

cprefs, utensil, and vessel* and if any such maker shall ne- A.D.

1 gledt to make such entry, or shall make any faife entry, 179?-he orfhe shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, together with all such engines, vats, presses, uten- 5o1- p=n?ity

rr t r r r for ne^‘Cctjn

fils, and vessels, whereof no such entry, or any false entry to make ft

lue a

shall have been>made. making°faife

IX. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, and of the papers called paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, forfeited, glazed-paper, paper for hangings, sheathing-paper, button- a month for paper, or button-board, who shall keep an engine for the making of any of the said papers, which shall not exceed in f^tiong, 5

& . j . r rr , , r feet broad,

cubic measure' the contents of a vessel in length twelve feet, and 2 feet in breadth five feet, and in depth two feet, shall for each deep' and every ealertdar month, commencing from the twenty-fffth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and riinoty-nine, be charged with, and pay the sum of sixteen; pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, as and for the duty of such quantity of such papers as aforesaid, or Tome of ^them, as may be produced from each such engine within each such month* and every such maker shall in like manner for any such engine of greater dimerifions than as aforer ’said, be charged with, and pay such further sum as shall be in proportion to the quantity that such engine of greater di- enr*‘^f mentions shall oontain, over and above thequantitjrthat an engine of such dimensions as aforesaid may contain, as and for the doty of such -greater quantity of paper as may be produced from such engine of greater dimensions* and in case anyunaker of the papers aforesaid, shall within such month as aforesaid, manufacture such papers or any of them, in mjret|, -each or any such engine,'in such quantity, as that the duties ^1‘Ke^:,.;5edt thereon shall amount to more than the said Turns appointed fojiibepaid and charged to-be, paid, as and for the contents of such en-b/ " ‘6 t' gines respectively, within each or any of the said respective periods, then and in such<case, the maker of such papers,

-or; any of them, shall be liable to pay a' duty at the rate,

and according to the several and respective duties imposed on the said several papers according to the weight thereof*, and the officers of excise shall make.monthly returns to the col- 7s-

J turn* to be

'lectors of the distridfc respectively in which f :h mills shall made by u(S-be situate, of the'duty charged on such papers-as aforesaid, CCI>* or any of them, of every maker within the preceding month*

and if the duties tin such papers as aforesaid, or any of them,

4 A a appear-

mentions to be raid for in proportion.

when tue duty amounts to

*8o

A.D.

*7 99-Chap. 42.

-where duty-does not amount to monthly

charg* for engine, *he office\ shall charge the difference, which shall be paid as required, penalty 20l. and double duties.

‘ Where an

engine is solely makingr paper liable to id. per lb. and only. 1 vat, 6 feet long, 5 feet . broad, and feet deep, used with such, allowance, may be made, as . herein.

' What allowance shall be m.»de to piper maker*, at the end of the year, for duties over

charged-

*]*he ibirly-ninth Year George III.

appearing to have been actually made within the month, shall not amount to such sum for such month as shall be equal to the duty with which such maker is hereby chargeable in respect of such engine; the officer or officers of excise making such returns, shall in the return to be tnade for every such month, charge such maker with so much duty in respe<Sl of each such engine as shall be equal to the difference between the amount of such duty so returned, and the monthly futn hereby charged with respect to such engine, and such return shall he a charge on such maker-in the "same manner as any return of duties incurred by any maker of paper is by law: a charge on such maker, and such maker of paper shall be subject to the amount of the duty mentioned in such return, in the period which shall be expressed in such return, and shall pay the same at such time as >b.y law any maker of paper, paste^board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed paper, is required to pay, the duties comprized in any return of paper, paste-board, milUboard, seale-board, or glazed paper made by him, and for every default thereof, shall forfeit, the sum of twenty pounds, and double the duties comprized in such return.

X. ‘Provided always, That where it shall appear on proof made to the satisfaction of the commissionere of his Majesty's revenue, that any engine shall have been employed solely in making any paper not chargeable-with a duty exceeding one halfpcnny for every pound weight thereof, and that more than one-vat, not exceeding the contents of a vessel in length six feet, in breadth five feet, and in depth four feet, hath not been used or employed with such engine, it shall bejawful for the said commissioners, in all cases where duties returned in any month on such paper as aforesaid, as shall be actually made within such month, shall not exceed the rate of one hundred , pounds a year, to allow the Teturn for such month to be made, for one-twelfth part of the said sum of one hundred pounds.

XI. Provided always, and -be it enacted, That if any maker of paper shall, m any monthly return to be made in pursuance of this act, be charged with duty for a greater quantity of p- per, pafie-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed paper, paper for hangings, cr. (heathing-paper, - button-paper, or button-board, than shall have appeared to have been.made within such month..* aadjf at the month ending

the

'The thirty-ninth IT ear of George III. 1

the twenty-fifth day of March, it shall appear that such maker of paper, shall at any time or times within the said year, have been charged with duty for paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed-paper, paper for hangings, or flieathing-paper, or button-paper, or button-board, actually made within any month, exceeding the proportion for a month at the rate aforesaid, every such maker of paper shall be allowed, at the*cnd of the year, so much of such excess of duty as flan 11 not reduce the whole of the duty within the year to less than the duty on the paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed-paper, paper for hangings, and sheathing-paper, button-paper, and button-board, appearing to have been made within the year, nor to less than such sum as by this act such maker of paper rs made subject to, in respect of each engine kept by him or them.

XII. And be it enacted, That the officers of excise shall, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or as soon after as conveniently may be, take an account of all paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper, in the possession of every manufacturer of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper, made on or before the said twenty sith day of March, and shall weigh and reckon the fame, and charge all such paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper, with duty, and shall make a return thereof to the several collectors in the districts in which the fame have been made as paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper, made on or prior to the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and such paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper, or any part thereof, shall not be returned by any officer of excise as paper made after the said twenty-fifth day of March, or taken into the account of the quantity of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, or glazed-paper, which by this act every maker of paper, is required to make within the year, which shall end on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all engines, prefles, and utensils for the making of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed-paper, sheathing-paper, button-paper, or

Vol.- XIX. 4 B bntton-

281

A.D.

1799-Chap. 42.

Officers to take accounts, and charge all papers, &c. made before 25 March#

1799 5 which shall not be returned in account required from paper makers under this act.

All engines, prefTcs, &c. in whose hands soever they may br,

shall be liable to all arrears of duties, and penalties.

Taper makers to provide just icales and 'weights, and to assist officers in weighing and h|m

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

button-board, used in any mill for the purpose of making paper, paste- board, mill-board, glazed-paper, fhcathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, into whose hands soever the same shall come, and by whatsoever conveyance or title soever the same shall be claimed, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all debts and duties of excise, which shall be in arrear, and owing by any person or persons for paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed-paper, sheathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, made within such mill, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons using such mill, for any offence against the laws of excise* and it shall be lawful in all cases to levy such debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures out of such utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the maker of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed-paper, sheathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, owing such debts and duties, and incurring such penalties, were respectively the real owner and proprietor of such utensils.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every maker of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed paper, paper for hangings, or sheathing-paper, button-paper, or button--board, shall at every of his or her mills or places used by or her for making paper, paste-board, mill-board,

paper for hangings, sheathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, provide and keep at his or her own costs and charges, sufficient and just feales and weights for weighing all such paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed-paper, paper for hangings, sheathing-paper, button-paper, and button-board, which shall be in their respective mills, and other pieces, and shall bring, or cause the same to be brought to the feales, and shall assist the officers of excise in weighing such paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed-paper, paper for hangings, sheathing-paper, button-paper, and button-board, in such manner as such officers shall think most convenient, and in examining from time to time the depending stock of paper, paste-board, mill-board, seale-board, glazed paper, sheathing-paper, button-paper, and button-board, of every such maker thereof.

«ami g scale_board, glazed-pa per.

The thirty-ninth Year of George II. I.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any matter of paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, glazed-paper, sheath-ing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, shall not keep at every mill, or other place used by him or her for making paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, glazed-paper, sheathing-pnper, button-paper, and button-board, just feales and weights as this act directs, or shall by himself, or her-fclf, or any person employed by him or her, not permit any officer of excise who shall desire to weigh any paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, glazed-paper, sheathing-pa-per, button-paper, or button-board, belonging to such maker at such mills or places as aforesaid, to weigh the fame, or shall by himself, or herself, or by any person employed by him or her, neglect or refuse to bring the same to the feales, or to aftift at weighing the fame, in such manner as such officer shall think most convenient, every such maker shall for every default, neglect, or offence herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any officer of excise shall at the mill, or other place of any such maker, be furnished with any unjust feales or weights for weighing paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, glazed-paper, sheathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, or be furnished with any feales or weights, which on weighing any paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, glazed-paper,

sheathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, shall by any device, not exhibit the true weight thereof, whereby his Majesty may be defrauded of any of the duties aforesaid, every such maker shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all and every the duties herein before granted, and all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, in respect thereof, shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed and directed and appointed, in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled. An for the settling of the excise, or new impofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the hook of rates therein infer ted , as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions, and pur-

4 B 2 poses,

2ol. penalty* for not keeping jull feales and weights, or for obstructing, or not aflilling oSoer.

50l. penalty for providing unjuil feales or weight*.

Fines, &c. recovered as by 14& i$ C. 2. with like remedy of appeal.

Drawback allowed to paper-ltainers, for papei made after 25 Mar. 1799, upon proof a« iiereia.

Paper duty 38 G. 3. 29. except as altertd hereby, and this act, shall continue to 24 June, i8co, and end of ncxtfcflion.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

poses, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, ami enabled in this act, with like remedy of appeal, to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

XVII. And be it enacted, That there -shall be paid and allowed to every printer, painier, or stainer of paper-hangings, a drawback of the duty charged on all paper made in this kingdom, after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, which shall be manufactured by him into paper-hangings on proof upon oath being made to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, of the quantity of paper so used, and that such peper was not made prior to the said day, and that the duty by this act chargeable thereon was paid.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said act passed last session of parliament, entitled. An act to secure the

of the duties on paper made in , and to prevent frauds

therein, except such parts thereof as are altered or amended by this act, together with this act, shall continue of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to His M, the Duties therein mentioned on Goat Skins exported.

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety - nine,

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

TOWARDS raising the supply granted to his Majesty, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act there shall be granted, raised, collected, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every raw and undressed goat skin which shall be exported from this kingdom, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, inclusive, a duty of nine pence over and above the duty payable thereon, by an act paflld this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one year the fe-3 verA

*1 he thirty-ninth Year of George III. 28$

xxral du tier therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein A.D. specifedy during the said term, and fir regulating the trade between this kingdom and »799-his Majesty's colonies, and fir other purposes therein mentioned, which duty shall be levied in like manner as any duty by the said act granted on the export of any article or tiling, is by the said ..act to Be levied.

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act for the Relief of Persons or may

omit inadvertently, to pay certain Stamp Duties therein

tioned, on Deeds or other Injhument

'Saturday the first day ~cf Juney one thousand seven hundred and

~Jtc>yal Ajpnt given.

JOHN CATER, D. CESR. PARE.

WHEREAS by-an act passed in the-thirty ninth year of his present Majesty?*s * reign, entitled. An act for granting to his Alajefy several duties therein men-ftioned; to be levied by the commissioners fir managing thefiatnp duties, it was among other things, enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth of March,-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the twenty-fifth of March, one thousand eight hundred,

- inclusive* there (houM be raffed* oolle'sted and paid to your Majestjr, your heirs and successors, for and upon the several articles, matters and things in the said act, and: the schedules thereto annexed, cxgrefled and mentioned, the several rates, duties and <ffums of money in the said act and schedules mentioned: And whereas the commissioners for managing his Majesty's stamp duties have not had, and may not -have sufficient time to supply the different parts of this kingdom with veltun, .^parchment and paper, marked or stamped with the impression directed by said act, by whifch means several persons being unable to procure such stamps, and without ai)y intention to defraud your Majesty, have engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, and may engross and write, or cause to be engrossed and written, upon vellum, parchment and paper, several matters and things, for which such vellum, parchment or paper, was, and may* be chargeable by said act, without ‘ having such vellum, parchment or paper marked or stamped in the manner directed by said act.

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all case?;, where any deed, instrument, memorial or writing, has been since the passing of the said act, or shall on or before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, be engrossed or written upon any vellum, parchment or paper, not damped with the hnprdlion or mark, directed by the said act, and where such deed,* instr iment ot writing shall, on or before the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ^inety-nine, be brought to the head office in the city of Dublin for marking ot stamping vclhim, parchment or paper with the aforesaid impression or mark, for the gprpose of having the fame marked with the impresslon or mask fit for such deed, iufhrument or writing, under and by virtue of said act \ that then and in every such case, and upon payment or tender to the proper officer or officers of the dujy which by the said act was* or shall be payable to your Majesty, your heirs or successors, for such tied, iidirument or writing, had it bee*

Yol. XIX. 4 -C 1'-fore

1

I

286 The thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1799. before it was engrossed or written, marked or damped with the inrpreflion or damp cirested by the said act, the proper officer or officers is, and are hereby required and authorized to mark and damp such deed, instiument or writing, with the mark or (lamp fit for the fame respectively under said act; which deed, instrument or writing, when so damped or marked, shall be as atailable in law or equity, as if the vellum, parchment or paper upon which the fame is, or shall be engrossed or written had been damped with such damps before such deed, instrument or writing had been or shall be so engrossed or written.

III. And be it further enacted, That all persons who have heretofore engrossed or written, or who shall on or before the said fird day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, engross or write any matter or thing, upon any vellum, parchment or paper not damped agreeable to the said act, and who shall on or be-

fore the said fird day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, procure the same to be damped with a proper damp, shall be, and are hereby uncharged from all penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred; other wise to remain liable thereto, as if this act had never beenpafled.

Expired. CHAP. XLV. 4n /M ferdirecting the application of t'.-e Sunt of Five Thiufand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of and other vfful. Slrts. \ Saturday the frjl day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine^ Royal idjfent given. JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. FARL. J Iir.RF.AS by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, <An aB fr - \ fe. u ring the payment of the annuities, and of the intcref upon the principal sums therein provided for, and towards the difharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majifys treasury to receive certain sums for a limited time in manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majtly a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, find for applying a certain sum of m*iuy f nein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and rlnc+y and for other purposes, it is enacted, Til at out of all or any of the aids or supplies that there shall and may be iffiicd to the Dublin Society the sum of five thousand five hundred pounds, for the improvement of husbandry, and other useful arts in Ireland, to be applied in such manner as shall be directed by parliament, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said sum of five thousand five hundred pounds shall be applied by the said society in like manner as was directed by an act passed in the^lad session respecting a similar sum of five thousand dvc hundred pounds then granted. CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Tear

of the Reign of His frefent , Entitled, An Act for

improving and repairing the Roads leading from the Crty of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragh, and for altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-ffth Year of His sent Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for

ing^ and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting Turnpikes , in Aid of

Barony Presentments.

287 A.D.

1799-

Suturdnj the fitjl day of Junes one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal Assent given.

JOHN CATER, D. CL-£R. PARL«

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the thirty- Reciulrf seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, 37 '3 ca9" entitled, An act for improving and repairing the roads leading from the city of Dublin to Ratoath and , and Jor al-

tering and amending an act pafed in the thirty-ffth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for , wi-

dening, and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting turnpikes thereon in aid barony

presentments: And whereas it would be expedient that there separatetnjf. should be separate trustees for each of the said roads, be tee* should be

1 # appointed:

it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his grace the arch- mmes oftntf-bishop of Dublin, the earl of Farnham, earl Conyngham, fr»m°Dubli« lord Aih'orooke, lord Monck, right honorable John Fofter, reverend Maurice Collis, reverend Anthony Darby, reverend Curragha. William Dobbyn, reverend Robert Martin, reverend Francis i’entland, colonel Rochford, Christopher Abbott, John Alley,

Henry Baker, John Eaylcy, George Cavendish, George Carroll, Alexander Carroll, John Chamley, Nicholas '

Doyle, John Garnett, Henry Garnett, Hamilton Gorges,

Hamilton Gorges, junior, William Greene, George Greene,

John Greene, William Greene, junior, Hans Hamilton,

188,

A.D.

1799-Chap 46.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

James Henlhall, William Mason, Robert Mayne, Thomas Mutall, Gerald O’Farrel, George Putland, Matthew Pearson, Thomas Savage, Paul Savage, James Savage, BernartJ Shaw, William Smyth, Thomas Trotter, William Wainrighf, Charles Walker, Edward Winder, and John Wolfe, esquires, be and are hereby appointed trustees of the reat from the city of Dublin, through Finglass, to Curragba, beginning at the Circular Road, and ending at the boundary of the county p?rre<i «f truf-of Meath-, and that the earl of Bedive, right 'honorable Dublin, by John Toler, reverend John Brinkley, John Braffington, Ed-iRitcmh!* ward Bulkley, James Cane, Frederick Falkiner, John Garnett, Henry Garnett, John Paine Garnett, James Hamilton, Henry Hamilton, Hans Hamilton, Richard Jones, Gorges . 'Lowther, Brett Neville, John Pentland, William Rathborne,

'Henry Stevens Reilly, Edmond Rorke, Thomas Savage, Paul Savage, James Savage, Nicholas Doyle, William Clarke, Richard Brallington, and Joshua Spencer, esquires, colonel ' Rbchford, baron Dillon, John Preston, Hamilton Gqrges, senior, Hamilton Gorges, junior, Robert Johnflon, Robert O'Hara, James Whiteftone, John Metge, reverend doctor Connor, reverend Mr. Campbell* reverend Mr. O’Neill, Thomas Kcmmis, Stuart King, and William Johnflon,

esqimes, be, and are hereby appointed trustees of the roa-d leading from the city of Dublin, by Cabra to Ratoath, between the circular road and the boundary t>f the county of Meath.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the trustees of either of the said roads shall die or resign, it shall be lawful for the remaining trustees of such road, or any seven of them, at any meeting, to elect a ;person to be a trustee in his f.ead, and so-as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

III. And be it further enacted, That the trustees of each

Ratoath road cf roads shall meet at the four- courts of the city of

to meet on J

jftjday of^ Dublin, the trustees of said Ratoath road on the first fitting trustees of day of Hilary term-in every year, and the trustees of the n>adonh|ft of Curragha road on the’first fitting day of Rafter term in every Easter term; year, and that the directors of each road shall, at such meet-rrcountsto ing, 'furnish to the trustees of each road, an account of the i vdireaors several sums'which have been received and expended upon ti*tiuttec*. such road, and of the state thereof, andvof the several re^-

-5 PaiE*

Furviving trusteea may others.

Trustees of

act,

A.D.

1799-Chap. 4 6.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

pairs and improvements which have been made thereon, and what further improvements are necessary j and that the trustees of such road shall, at such meeting, elect by ballot from amon-gft themselves, five persons to be directors of such road, which directors so chosen, shall continue in the office of di- tors, who may redors until the first Thursday in the February neat ensuing, herein dirca-or until others shall be chosen in their room; provided all 84 ways, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the trustees of either of the said roads from re- eleding the fame persons to be directors of such road.

TV*. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the tolls hereto- . Thc1/°®°^'

lDg toll* flwll

tore taken upon the said roads, the fallowing tolls be taken be taken, in at every gate upon the said roads, before any horse, mare, tX,° gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landau, phaeton,

cabriolet, curricle, chaise, gingle, jaunting car, waggon,

-cart, car, or other carriage, shall be permitted to go through the fame*, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, forgery chaise, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by j^wa by fix horses-or other beads, or by more than fix, the sum of two ® <* more

J AorlC8> 2U

shillings and eight penoe halfpenny-, if drawn by four or *i<L five horses or other beads, the sum of one shilling and fe- +®r

ven pence halfpenny; if drawn by two or three horses or 7^. other 'beads, the sum of one shilling and one penny and

if drawn by one horse, or other bead only, the sum of fix «. id. . pence halfpenny j for every waggon, wain, gingle, jaunting 1

car, dray, cart, car, tumbler, or other carriage, not herein iid.per before charged, af - the dreakes or (hoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or "rt» 'Y* -

&c. with

ferews, and shall be three inches or more in breadth, the streak* rf sum of three halfpence} for every horse or other bead draw- »herein5 °" ring the fame, and if - the flreaks or (hoeing of the wheels wh£n rft °» thereof shall be set on in -like manner, and shall be less than three inches in breadth, the sum of three pence for every horse or bead drawing the fame and if any of the fireaks when set on -or (hoeing of any of the wheels of any such carriage shall be llcre, Dj Js* set on with one or more high or spring-beaded nails, bolts,

-or ferews, not being oounter-furik and flat-headed, be the breadth thereof what it may, the sum of one shilling for every horse or other bead drawing the fame; for every ld per horse, mare, gelding, afs or mule, loaden or unloaden, the loaden

'_or unloadeu;

£um of one penny.; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat Vql. XIX. 4 D cattle,

2cpo ft he thirty fiirdh tear George III.

A.D. -cattle, the sum of twenty pence by the {core, and so in pro-^J_799 portion- for any greater or less number.; for every drove of iod. a (core < calves, (beep, lambs or pigs, the sum of ten pence by the icdTfcote ^core> and so so proportion for any greater or left nuai-

-for calves, &c. ber.

Trustfes

VI. And be -it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the SiredoMfor truflecs of either of the said roads to remove any director of non-attend- such road who shall omit to attend at any meeting of the

ance for 4

months. directors for four months, and toeled another director in the room of the director so removed.

A puLKk -VII. And be it further enacted, That this shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a public act, and judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, jifftices and other persons whatsoever, without specially.pleading the same.

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for improving and repairing the Road leading from New-caJUe, in the County of Limerick, to the City of

and from thence to Charlevillet, in the County of Cork, and for repealing the everal Laws heretofore made relating tosaid Road.

Saturday the first day. of suns, cite thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal jdjfent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS the several laws now in being, and heretofore made for repairing and keeping in repair the I9Q 32 road leading from Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, and 58 G. 3. 28. from thence to the bounds of the county of Cork to Charle-

33 G. 3. 20.

are ineffectual, ville, have been found by experience to be ineffectual, and it is expedient, that the fame be repealed, and one law made f»id laws are ^or the better effecting- the purposes thereby intended; be it hereby re- enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with pealed. ^jjC advice and consent of the iord^ spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present - parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That -from and after the first day of May next, the said several laws so heretofore made, and now in being, relating to the said road, be, and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

Laws In being for repair #of road, viz.

w

7 'hethirty-ninth Year of George III. 291

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That D.

the earl of Clare, the earl of Kingston, lords MafTey, Glent-worth, and Carbery, fir Richard "Quin, baronet, fir Vere -v—

Hunt, baronet, honourable John Maffey, honourable Edward lv,^f^ied MafTey, John Waller, esquire, William Odell, esquire, l>*0^»* Standish Grady, of Elton, esquire, Standish Grady, of th: ro -.d from Grange, esquire, William Thomas Mon fell, esquire, Richard Chwicviic!0 Oliver, esquire, Charles Silver Oliver, esquire, Edward Cro-Iter, of Ballyneguard, esquire, the reverend Thomas Grady, clerk, reverend William Rose, Thomas Rice, esquire, Stephen Rice, esquire, William Monfell, esquire, De Courcy O’Grady, esquire, Darby O’Grady, esquire, William Wilson, esquire, John Thomas Monfell, esquire, Thomas Goodriehe . Peacock, esquire, the reverend George Studdart, John Pren-dergaft Smyth, esquire, Charles Vereker, esquire, Ralph s

Westropp, the elder, esquire, John Westropp, esquire, Samuel Dickson, esquire, the reverend Chancellor Maunfell;

Terence Monfell, esquire, Richard Taylor, the elder, ef-'quire, Richard Taylor, the younger, esquire, William Maffey, esquire, James MafTy, esquire, John Pigott, esquire,

Henry Fofbery, esquire, Francis Fofbery, esquire, William Thomas Locke, esquire, Henry Baylee, esquire, William Ryves, of Ryves-Cafcle, esquire, the reverend doctor Maunfell, Pryce Peacock, esquire, the honourable and reverend dean Crofbic, Meredith Monfcll, esquire, the mayor of Limerick for the time being, the high fherrffof the county of Limerick for the time being, George Smyth, esquire, James Cooper, esquire, John Villiers, esquire, Christopher Tuthill, esquire, John Green, esquire, Thomas Odell, esquire, Thomas Monfell, esquire, John Dickson, esquire, Edward Dean’

Freeman, esquire, Denis Lyons, esquire, Henry Harding, esquire, Edward Mash, esquire, Eyre Evans, esquire, Chidley Coote, esquire, John Browne, the younger, esquire, Anthony Lefroy, esquire, Standish O’Grady, esquire, William Smyth, \

esquire, Joseph Gahbett, esquire, William Gabbett, esquire,

George Maunfell, esquire, William Hare, esquire, the elder,

William Hare, esquire, the younger, Richard Harte, esquire,

George Hcwfon, esquire, Robert Brifcoc, esquire, Robert Crips, esquire, Joseph Furlong, esquire, the reverend John Ellard, John Grady, esquire, Thomas Fitz-Gibbon, esquire, and John Creagh, esquire, be and they are hereby appointed

4 D 2 commissioners

former trnf-tcn, not herein named, shall cease, but contract or securitiet flail not be injured, and they shall be vetted in said commissioo-cvt, with all

AH Turns »sow due shall be vetted id laid commissioners.

Sums due -may be recovered in i month after demand, Signed by 7 corn* mittioners;

Tl>e tinrty-mfith Y-ear of George III.

commissioners -of the said toad leading from Newcastle to the city of Limerick) and from thence to Charleville, in the county of Cork) and the lev era persons heretofore named) -appointed) or elected trustees in or by virtue of the former acts, or any -of thdrn, so hereby -repealed) and who are not hereby appointed commissioners, shall henceforth cease to be trustees ^for repairing -laid -read: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall destroy or dimrnish such le» -euritiea or cootrads as have been heretofore passed for money due t-ovthe said tnliUes of the said road, and which are hereby declared - to be, and are hereby vested in the said fall mentioned commissioncK for the purpose of carrying this pre&at -aft into execution, -with all the like remedies and: powers: for recovery thereof as were vested in the said former -iruAees, or to defiroy or dim ini lh such securrtics, contracts, or other engagements, as have been heretofore passed or en--tered into, and which now remain actually due by the said former -trustees to the creditors, or persons entitled thereto, and who shall have aH and every the like remedies and powers of recovering such sum or sums as shall be, and appear really and bena fide due upon the foot thereof respectively, in like ^manner as if the said former laws were {till in being and un repealed.

UL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the sum and sums of money now due, or in the hands^of any person whatsoever, arising from the tolls -of said road, shall from and after the passing of this act be, and are hereby welled in, and shall belong to the commissioners herein named and their successors, and accordingly shall be paid over to them, or such person or persons as -they, or any {even of them shall lawfully authorize to receive the same, and the fame, when so received, shall be by them applied to, and for the purpose of defraying the expences of passing this act, and of carrying the fame into execution in manner as herein after particularly declared and mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case of any default of payment within one month after demand in writing, to be ligned by any seven or more of said commissioners*, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to sue for and recover, and accordingly they shall be entitled to recover i from

- The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

from the person or persons indebted or withholding such sum or sums as shall appear and be proved to be due by them, or which they ought to have received, and which had belonged to, or was or were before the passing of this act subject to the order or direction of said former trustees, or which shall be remaining in the hands of such person or persons, although the fame had been by any former act, or by any order of the said trustees otherwise directed or appropriated, ' in case such sum or sums shall not before the passing of this ad have been actually and -bona fide applied in pursuance of any former act or order concerning the same, and that the sum or sums so to be sued for and recovered shall be awarded /with -interest thereon from one month after such previous demand, at the rate of six pounds by the hundred by the year, together with the full colls and charges attending all i such proceedings which shall be had or ta.ken in law or ^equity for recovery thereof.

-V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That rthe said commissioners shall assemble between the hours of 'twelve and two o’clock in the afternoon, on the last Tuesday sin April after the passing of this act, at the county court-house in himerick, or in case offailure thereof, on the 'Tuesday next succeeding, or any future Tuesday, and that {even commissioners shall be necessary to constitute a meeting of the said commissiofters, and that the ad of the majority shall be the ad of, and binding upon the said commissioners, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners to adjourn any meeting from time to time, but that the place of meeting mull always be in the city of JLimcvick, or some place adjoining thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any of the said commissioners herein appointed by name, or of their successors, shall happen to die or resign, it shall be lawful for the remaining commissioners, or any seven or more of them, on the first Tuesday in any month, to elect a person to be a commissioner in his {lead., and so from time to time during the continuance of this act, as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That -all acts to be done by the said commissioners, or any seven Ygl. XIX. 4 B or

interest and

coll s to be awarded oa sums recovered.

Commfnioii-ers to a (Terrible at court-house in Limerick, on the lait Tuesday in April, or any fuccetdi ig Tuesday

7 to con lU-tute a meeting;.

meetings may be adjourned, but mud lye ia or near the city of Limerick,

When a commifiumer dies or re fig El another shall be chosen by remainder.

294

A.

D.

or more of them, or

1799. Chap. 47.

A11 atfta of commissioners (liali he at boarus hi Id as hereby tli-rccl?d.

An officer to be appointed as treaswer and regilLr, at Ool. a year, drill give security, 6cc. fecuiity lodged with treasurer of . eo. Limerick.

' Duty of tiealurer.

Commissioners may remove treasurer, on giving 14 days notice, in a Limerick FaPSr.

Two fu-

- pervifors to be appointed.

Clhc il.i]i)-i:inihYear George III.

any majority of seven or more of them, under the authority of this act, shall be done and transafied only at meetings or boards to be held as aforesaid, on the first Tuesday in every month, or at an adjournment of any of said meeting?, in manner as herein before directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall, at their first meeting after the passing of this act, or at any subsequent meeting, appoint an officer, who shall act as treasurer and regificr at a yearly salary, not exceeding sixty pounds sterling, who shall, on being so defied, enter into security before the said commissioners for the faithful execution of his duty, agreeable to the directions of this act, himself in the sum of one thousand pounds, and two sureties in the sum of five hundred pounds each, which security shall be lodged with the treasurer of the county of Limerick, and such treasurer, so defied, shall give notice of, and attend at all meetings of the said commissioners, and take down an entry of their proceedings in a journal to be kept for that purpose.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That the treasurer To defied shall, from time to time, pay into the bank of Thomas and Robert Maunfell and company, or such other bank as said commissioners shall appoint, all and every sum and sums of money exceeding the sum of fifty pounds sterling, which -shall come into his hands in virtue of his said appointment, on failure of which- he is to forfeit his years’ salary.

X. And provided also, That it shall and may.be lawful for any seven or more of said commissioners, at any future meeting, to remove said treasurer, and appoint a new one; notice of a meeting to be held for that special purpose being given in one of the Limerick newspapers, at least fourteen days before such meeting- shall be held.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall at their first meeting after the passing of this <id, or at any subsequent meeting to be had, appoint two or more personsto be and ad as supervisors of the said road, to be divided in four divisions, in manner as herein after mentioned, at such salaries as the said commissioners shall think fit, mot exceeding in.and for any ffivtfion the yearly sum of

twenty

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

295

twenty (killings per mile for superintending the repairs of said road, each and every of which supervisors shall, previous to his acting as such, take and subscribe an oath, in the words following, which, oath any of said commissioners is hereby empowered to administer:

A.D. 1709. Chap. 4-.

I A.B. do fear. That I will dili and ex- Oa’i to t*c

ecute the office of supervisor of Jack part of the road from "

Newcastle to Limerick, and from thence to as

>be committed to my caret mid that Iaccording to the bef of my fill and knowledge, execute all lawful orders given /# me by the commissioners of the said ro, and that when

called upon by the said commissioners, or any of them, account for all money which fall be confded , or be received by me in virtue rf, and for the purpose of carrying this aid into ex-. ecution,

’XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duty of That each supervisor so to ’ be defied in virtue of this fjp<'rv, for* aft, shall attend and fee that all orders and works di-tressed and ordered by the said ccunmissioners be properly - executed and performed, and shall make returns and re-rpoits 'when required, from time to time, to the said <commissioners superintending his particular district of the Hate, nature, and circumstances of that part of said road, and shall remove all nuisances, encroachments, and ob-rflrudions thereon; and whenever any part of said road shall be repaired, each supervisor shall give in a report in writing, signed by him, to the next meeting of said> commissioners after such road shall hatfe been repaired, of the manner in which said work has been done, which re- tuyere t«

' keep hi per-

ports the treasurer is hereby directed to keep, in order if vains report*, such report shall not appear to be accurately made, the falaFy of such supervisor may be flopped.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- 5; pe.-vjfor*

' J " to make re-

said, That every such supervisor shall, -when and so often aims of nj>:. as he shall be thereunto required, return to the said com- andofthJir missioners what nuisances, encroachments, or offences against ?'v"

0 in£S, w! e.i

this act he has found or obfsrved respeding the said rend, require! by ;vhat steps he has taken te. rremove or remedy them, what er*.

-4E St. x penalties

2 9*6 A.D.

799-Chap. 47.

Sudden btca- Vs may be repan v.»d by supervi-{(.*«;, on an #rder from 2 commiili-onert», not exceeding 50s.

Road to be

divided into did lids, and superintend-ants thereof to be chosen from amengft commission-era.

supervisor* to receive tn-Rrudi'»n3 from fnperin-tendnnts, subject to con-trorlof commissioners at large

superintend-anta to make reports when required.

*Ihe thirty-ninth IT ear George III.

penalties'he has levied, and the several days on which he has inspected the said road.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every supervisor shall have power to repair any sudden breaches or holes which he may observe in any part of said road, first receiving an order for the purpose, from and under the hand of any two commissioners having the superintendance of that part of said road within his district as aforesaid, and the expence thereof, not exceeding fifty shillings, shall be laid before the commissioners at their next meeting, and upon his making oath of the -expenditure, and specifying the particulars thereof, they or any seven or more of them may order the said expences to be paid by the treasurer.

XV. And be -it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for the more speedy efTeding the making , and repairing of all and every part of the said road, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven of them, at their said ilrft meeting, or at the next or any future meeting, to parcel out the said road from Newcastle to Limerick, and from thence to Charlcville, in lots or districts of not less than one mile, or more than four miles in each lot, and to nominate, choose and appoint from amongst the whole numher of commissioners herein before named, two or more commissioners who shall be willing and desirous,.~or to whom it may seem -convenient to superintend and manage a given district of, or proportion of said road so parcelled out in lots as aforesaid, and to whom the said supervisors. shall resort from time to time for inflrudions in respect to the making and repairing the fame, subject however to the controul or order of the commissioners at large, or any three or more of them, at any board duly assembled, to whom the commissioners so appointed for specially superintending the repairs of each lot or district, shall make report from time to time, when required, of the state and condition thereof, and of the conduct of any supervisor employed in superintending the fame; and in case of neglect of duty, or disobedience of orders by any supervisor, it shall be lawful for any two or more commissioners so appointed to the care of his district, to suspend Such supervisor, and appoint another in his {lead, until the matter of con plaidt fl.culd be mveftigated at the next public board.

V

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 297

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for A.D. the said commissioners at large, or any three of them, at such public board, or at any adjournment thereof, to hear and determine on the conduct of such supervisor, and to act as Supervisor*

1 may be luf-

to them shall seem meet. pended, until

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ofboard!*1'0' from and after the said first day of May next, it shall and Pay-pate*

1 1 r \ c. 1 1 /t* e and toll-honfc*

may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any leven or may^ cftib. more of them to establish or ered, or cause to be established i', ».and

following tolls

or erected, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and collated,viz. across any part or parts of the said road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-house, convenient tb every such gate, and to demand and take in each of the said divisions by such person or persons, or their deputies, collectors, or gatekeepers, as they or any seven or more of them shall autho-V rize so to do, in lieu of the tolls heretofore collected at the several gates on the said road, in virtue of the said former acts, the following tolls at every such gate, before any beast or carriage shall be permitted to go through the fame, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaeton, every coach, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horses, or other &c-drawn

7 7 1 J 1 6 or more

beasts, or by more than fix, the sum of two shillings and horse*,

eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horses, or draw^by4 other beasts, the sum of two shillings and two pence; if or5, z*. 2d. drawn by two or three horses, or other beasts, the sum of o^iZid. one shilling and one penny; and if drawn by one horse or b) *’ other beast, only the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every Wappon,&c. waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or other carriage, not herein ^'td'nft"k8 before charged, if the flreaks or fhocing of the wheels and thereof, shall be set on with counterfunk flat-headed nails, broad, id. per bolts, or ferews, and shall be four inches or more in, breadth, the sum of one penny for every horse or beast drawing the fame; and if* the flreaks or -fhocing of the wheels thereof 3

0 broad, ltd.

shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than four p.-rborfc; inches, but not less than three inches in breadth, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every horse or other beast drawing the fame; and if the flreaks or fhocing of the wheels thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than three inches in breadth, the sum orf two pence for every horse or other beast drawing the fame; and if the flreaks or shoe- ifkrstbaM ing of the wheels of any such Carriage shall be set on with

298

A.D.

1799-Chap. 47.

2d. per horse if itreaks are set on with high, or spring-headed nails;

every horse, &c. i-d.

2s. 6d. per score for oxen, See.

-is a stove for calves, 6cc.

Only id. per horse to be paid, where wheels turn round aale-trees, and fireaks are set 011 with counterfuiik flat-headed nails.

Pay-gates may be added zer altered.

Not to intercept communication between roads repaired by presentment, within 40 perches of each other.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

high or Ppring-headed nails, bolts, or screws, or with any nails, bolts, or screws, not being counterfunk and flatheaded, the Turn of two pence for every horse or beast drawing the fame; for every horse, mare, or gelding, afs or mole loaden or unloaden, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of two ^shillings and six pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less numberfor every drove of calves, sheep, lambs, or pigs, the sum of one shilling by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number.

XVIII. Provided always, That for every car whose wheels however narrow' they may be, shall be formed and put on so as to turn round the axle-tree, and w'hose axle-tree shall be fixed so as not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of *one penny only, and no more shall be demanded or taken at

any such gate for each horse or other bead drawing the fame, if the.f eaks or (hoeing of such w heels be set on with counterfunk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any five commissioners of the Paid road to alter the situation of any of the said pay-gates within such diilrids of the said road, and to add such other pay-gates upon and across any part of the p.efent line of said road, or of any new'line of said road, or upon and across any part of the fame, or on the fide of the said present, or of any new line of said road across any lane or way leading out of either of the said lines of road within such district, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-house for every such gate., and there to demand and receive by such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto, such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate within such district of the said road, and that every such gate shall be deemed a pay-gate.

XX. Provided always, That no gate shall be erected across any lane leading into the said road, or across the said road, so as to intercept the communication between any two roads repaired by presentment, where the said road so repaired by presentment shall lead into the said turnpike road, opposite to, or within forty perches of each other.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no passenger or passengers with the fame cattle and carriage shall be liable to pay any of the said tolls aforesaid, more than once in the 3 fame

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

fame day within the same division, but that every passenger or passengers having paid such toll once in any one division may, during the remainder of the fame day, every such day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night to twelve o’clock the succceding night, pass and re-pass toll free though every pay-gate in the fame division, with the fame cattle and carriage for which such toll has been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of such toll, and containing such other matters as are herein required respecting the fame; which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five ftitilings for every omission or refusal, upon conviction before any justice of the peace of the county in which the offence shall be committed, or before any of the said commissioners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and administer oaths for that purpose.

XXII. Provided always, nevertheless that any other paffcnger or passengers travelling with the fame cattle or carriage which hath been so charged as aforesaid, shall be liable to, and accordingly be charged the like toll as herein before mentioned, with the fame cattle or carriage notwithstanding toll had been before paid for the same cattle or carriage by other passenger or passengers within the same division in the fame day, it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that each and every person and persons travelling in carriages shall contribute to, and be liable to defray the expence of repairing and keeping in repair the said turnpike road.

XXIII. Provided also, That such cattle or carriages so before charged with the payment of toll in the fame division in any one day, shall riot on returning with the fame passenger or passengers, or without any passenger or passengers, be liable to the payment of any further or other toll than as aforesaid.

Passengers with fame cattle and carriage* to pay but once a day, in fame division j tickets to be produced;

collector to-forfeit ys. for not giving a ticket.

Other paf> fengers im carriages shall pay toll on fame dav.

Carriages returning with fame paiTe aggers, or empty, on fame day, shall not pay again.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Toiitmny

said, That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable by

by him or her in virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for the collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy the same by distress of the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts,

carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same.; and such horse or horses, or

4 F 2 other

v

3°o

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1790.

Chap^.

catlle or car-1 r^cs may be (’ lained ter tolls, and ntr.y be told after di ys;

overplus to owners.

10l. penalty for passing iorcibiy, or committing any of the offences herein mentioned

collc&ora, and persons required by them, may affilt in feiz-g5

justices or commissioners shall enquire into such offences;

other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels may be detained until such toll shall be paid with the reasonable charges of such distress, and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector or person acting as such, to sell the same by public auction, at any time after the expiration of the said four days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expence of such distress and sale.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage, through any pay-gate on the said road without paying the toll by this act required, cr producing a proper ticket as aforesaid at such pay-gate, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or oburud any of the collectors or persons employed in collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, or in any other manner in the execution of his or their employment of receiver or coliedor, or shall injure any gate or toll-house, or any globes or Limps, or any list of tolls or other abstract from this act, or from the proceedings of the commissioners acting thereunder,'which shall be creded or placed upon, or near any such gate or toll-house, or shall assault, obstruct, or interrupt any overseer acting under, and in the execution of any part of this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any other person or persons any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof, every person so offending, being convicted thereof by the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or any commissioner of the said road, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; and it shall be lawful for every collector, or person acting as such, and all and every other person and persons by him required to assist in that respect, to seize any horse or horses, or other bead or beasts, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any justice of the peace or commissioner of the said road, who is hereby required to enquire into such offence, and if upon conviction before such justice or commissioner, upon the oath of any one credible witness, the party or par-. ties

t

7J?g'thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ties'crimphuned of shall *n6t pay such penalty, ‘together with the tolls th#t' shall be due,'it ><hall be lawful for such vjustice or commissioner, >and he is "hereby required'by warrant under "his hand and seal, to^atrfe the horse dr toorfes, or other -bead or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods so distrained to be sold' for payment of the said tolls and 'penalties, and the charges of ’ fciiing add: keeping the fame, and of such salt, rendering the overplus, if any, "upon demand, to the owner or owners of the fame, Or so the person or persons ’finder whose care, orvm Whose ’possession the fame respee* lively was, or were When so feifced 'as aforesaid; and if no Sufficient distress shallhaVe been so'feteed,'to’commit such ’owner or owners, or other person- or'person9 to the*common igaol, there to remain without either bail or mainprizfe, until such‘finesvand penalties, tolls, and BiSrges’be paid.

XXVI. And bc'ititfbfthOr enafied by the authority aforesaid, That every collector or person adding as such, shall have > power to detain at any pay-gate, every cart, car,'Or

' ether caniafge; whereon the toll varies according to the‘breadth of the streaks or1 ffioeing of the wheels, and to ' meafute the fame, and every commissioner shall have the like power t'cr / stop and meafute the Wheels of every such car dr carriage at such and every gate On act, pa-rt -of "'the said road; and if any driver or Other person shall hinder t>r Yefufe to permit such colloSor or other person to medfure the wheels of any such carriage, and fha-11 be convicted thereof, ‘upon‘the oath of onecredible witness, before any jtiftice nf the peace for the county wherein such Offence fit all be committed, or before one of the said commissioners, every1 such person so offending shall forfeit the firm of twenty shillings, to be levied b)r distress and sale of his, her, ot 'their car, or other carriage, and the horfo-or horses, or other beasts drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by Warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or commissioner, rendering the over-

plus, if any, after dedocting the said 'fine, and the etf pences of such distress and sale, to the owners on demand.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate established or erected, or to be erected in pursuance of this act, shall, for gain, reward, or otherwise, knowingly or willingly permit any

'*3Ot

A.D.

‘799-Chap. 47.

> '— — j

bca^« or carriage! may fold for tnli.; a ad penal liar;

overplus to

wheirdift«ef* is ui;t futti-cieut, olfend-Cf may he committed until tines ai>d tolls ire paid.

Collectors and commissioners may de:ain carts, cars, flee, to In *afuve wheels;

20*. penalty, for preventing the mcafaring of wheels.

209. prnsfty f^r permitting any person to pass through any way. to avoid toll.

302 The ibirtyninth ^' George III.

A.D.

person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, paf-,799* sage, or way,vwith any horse, beast, cattle, or carriage'1 liable to toll on passing through any gate on the said road, to avoid the payment of the said toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any commissioner or justice of the peace of the oounty wherein such offence shall be committed, every: such person shall forfeit thefumof twenty Shillings for every such offence, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender, by warrant under lhe;hand and seal of such- justice or commissioner, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after deducing the said forfeiture, and the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods.

"Expencea

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority-afore-

be defrayed° That the said commissioners, or any seven or more of

outoffuft them, shall, out of the first monies which shall be veiled m

momci re-

ceived. the said commissioners, nr out of the tolls that shall, in virtue of this act, be received at the f?veral gates, pay all necessary expences'incurred in obtaining and carrying this act into execution.

Power*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every’person ap-{oi>»impioyc<l pointed by any seven or more of the said commissioners to WauViir'road make or to gravel, repair, or Superintend the said road, or *<-’ any part thereof, or he or they, by such person or persons

for that purpose employed, -shall have full power and authority to dig for, search, raise, and carry away any gravel, stones, sand, or other materials which may be wanted for the use of the said road, and to make drains, in order to carry off water From, or prevent its injuring the said road, on -or through the lands of any person, not being a deer-park, > orchard, haggard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manlion-..{atisfacklon house; and that every such gerson, so appointed, shall make jo owDtniof satisfaiSlion to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, either by private compact after such damage shall have been sustained, or in case of disagreement, then the same shall be assessed by three substantial householders of the county wherein such damage shall have been done, one to be named by each of the parties, and the third by the next or any neighbouring justice df peace, cr by any commissioner acting under this act, which % persons

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

persons so Ot be nominated, shall be Tworn by such justice of the peace, or commissioner, to be appraisers of Tuch damages, and to make a true estimate thereof to the best of their (kill.

XXX. And be it ena&effby the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall obstruct or prevent the said commissioners, or any person acting under their authority, in ^digging for, trailing, or carrying away -such materials, or in making Such drains, such peTon shall, upon conviction by the oath of one credible witness, before any one justice of the peace of the county in which such offence shall have been committed, or before any one of the commissioners <Jf the said road, forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding five rounds, to be levied, together with the charges, by distress and sale of the 'goods of the offender, by the warrant of any one such jjuftrce of the peace of such county, or of any one such tcommissioner.

XXXI. Afid whereas great inconvenience has arisen, and The public have been much endangered by water Trom mill courses or drains having been turned upon -parts of the said 'Toad, from whence there have not been sufficient passages to carry off such water, be it further enacted, That any person who shall turn upon, or make a way for such water to go "upon any part of the said road, or shall turn any such waiter into the trenches by the fide, of any part of the said road, without such person or Tome other person or persons having ffirR-made sufficient drain or drains to carry off such water. To that such water shall not injure any part of said road, or shall pull out, remove, or injure any part of the foundation, or any other part of any bridge or fewer, or any wall or fence to any quarry, pit, hole, river or water-course, or injure any mile stone or direction poll, or shall build any house, or part of a house within forty-five feet of the centre of any part of the said road, or shall build any wall, or make any ditch within thirty feet of the centre of any part- of the said road; or shall build any wind-mill within one hundred yards of any part of the said road; or shall remove any of the materials which shall have been used for filling any ditch, or any part of any ditch; or shall destroy or take down any part of the backs or banks which are or ;shall be ‘raised between any part of the said road and the > 4 G 2 drains

Penalty for obstrHcling persons authorized to ‘dig and carry awny mate- . rials.

Persons wh* turn rr.rl-courses or dram on road, or into trenchet, so as to injure it;

or who Injure any bridge, wall, &c. Sic,

or build any house within 45 feet of centre; or any wall or ditch within 30 feet of cent re; or wind mill within 100 yards of road; or remove materials; or defln>y bickb. See.

3©4 'Tie thirty-ninth foai'of - Georg-Q III.

A.D.

drains or tranches on the-fide of the said road* or '(harli ,799- make or have any way or passage from the said road intoths

{ I n *1 r\ A

lands adjoining, without, placing a gutter or ercb'underneath such way or passage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which, it is or shall- be-made, and-of breadth and 'height fv.ffieient ‘ to allow ^11 water which may at any time be therein fudi room to pass > or shall burn, or permit,-or ftffier'to be burned on his or her lands, bricks, Hme or weeds, or-vegetable Act ofoelitre; fuhftance for allies, within one hundred feet ef-thecontre t>f said road-, every such person shall for every such dffence, upon conviction thereof, by the confession of the-party, or by the oath or-affirmation of one credible witness before any justice of the peace -or commissioner a fling under the authority of tins act, or upon the view* of such justice, forfeit the sum of five poundsand if any person shall-keep or have in liisor her possession any < cur-dog, mastiff,-or'bust-dog, 'at

*or make a passage without a gutter, %as herein;

or burn b»*itkgf &c. Within ico

fbrfck 5].

persons who Ltep c!og» within co

*-T!thoutf0ad’ B°y koufe withirl fifty yards of the said road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the least fattened ’ to the neck of every such dog, or shall winnow or lay out for winnowing any corn on the said road, or whhin -fifty feet -ef "the centre thereof,-or shall lay-any straw, dung, or rubbish on the said-road, or shall ferape the said-road, or shall fconr

blocks;

r.r winnow -.-cotn within 50feet of cviure

#- or lay it raw,

3c c. 3c c.

fernpe.

or dig any pit.

ditch or drain, or shall lay-any tutf on the 1^% roa^» or shall leave on 'any. paTt- of the -fame between

»r ir*ve-»ny endofure and enclosure,or*permit to- be left thereon, oppo--carnage, '"fite or.near to his or her house, any carriage whatsoever, or

plough, See. J 7

thereon, with- any plough or harrow without the horse or horses, or other

" txctpt ooe’ beast or beads being harnefted thereto, unless such carriages

citfn^c!°or as being ^iflually travelling, and having persons In *hem; or

vheo broken luggage the property -of passengers, shall flop to change

' horses, and which shall not continue more than one-’hour* or

such carriage as shall have been accidentally broken 'down

er’plant forest *btre and cannot be removed without-repair, or-fh*41 set or

tree* within plant any forest tree, or the feed of any such tree within

50 sett of 4 J

centre; fifty fefet of the centre of any part of such road, or shall break

rinjure, or down or injure-any foot-path, or ride, lead or drive any

ride on foot- ,

path; none,-or other bead, on any paTt of any-foot-path,- or ordoany jure any'horse-block, or any other thing which shall be

other injury;

made, erected, or -put upon any part of the said road, for ren?&c.dwith-’the use of the said road, or for the convenience of travel-m oofeetof lers j or if any person shall spread out any-linen^-blanket.

centre;

C!'^i^47-

or beat flax

or leaver any m iLtyr that-

*The thirty-ninth Year George III. 305

or winnow-cloth, within one hundred feet of the centre of A.D. the said road, or shall beat or dry any flax, or leave any tim- 1 "99* ber, Hones, sand, clay, lime, or other matter on the said road, except for the use of the said road; or shall leave or permit to be left, the carcase of any horse, or other heart, or shall ikin the fame, or permit it to be skinned on the said on road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, ex-

J ' beait, ace.

cept in a house or yard enclosed with walls, or shall lead ordl.;VL.csr. or drive any car or carriages with timber, boards, or iron w,t:' boards

J projvftinjj,

laid across, so as that either end thereof shall projefl be- &c. yond the-wheels or fidcs of the carriage, or on which shall be laid any beams, or piece of timber or plank, or pieces of plank above she length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts, or the common cars so placed together that the beams or pieces of planks shall be laid lengthways thereon* or shall drag any timber or mill- ordrajrt^-stone along any part of the said road, without being sup- ftoneSr;mi‘J" ported by wheels from touching the fame, or shall ereit any «rerect sign-

_ . , __ , k f°‘b, Mav-

sign-polt, or any May-pole, or May-bu/n on any part, or poles, turfl shall place or ereit any turfflack on any part of the said &c

road, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, ft>'i forfeit

-__ 238. lobe J«.

forfeit a sum not exceeding the sum of twenty /hillings, upon «;«ibydii-conviihon before any justice of the peace, or commissioner trtfs’ ailing in virtue of and under thi-s ail, by the oath of the credible witness, or upon the view of such justice or commissioner, which penalties £nd forfeitures shall be levied, ,if not paid upon conviction, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or commissioner, returning the overplus,

(if any) to the owner. '

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Drain?, &c. all drains and ditches on cither fide of the road comprized thecontroul within this ail shall be under the controul of the commissioners hereby appointed, and that if any person shall scour, deepen, fill, or widen any drain, or ditch on either fide thereof, without an order in writing from three or more of the said commissioners, it shall be lawful for any three of the said commissioners to cause the same to be filled up or scoured according to their direction, and to levy the expence thereof by distress and falc of the goods of the person so offending.

Vol. XIX. 4 H S XXX11L And

V

TO 6

A.D.

T "00

Turf, S:r. I ai cl on n:ad

IKj.1I be forfeited.

AV;.

nd

dtaing mny he pr.lkd cic vvn or filled i;p 1 »y com-niiiToneis; ai'd trees cut down or lop-pa*, it owners for I 2 day* after i nut ice

ard may take Up pdfT;ij» t\s f<;r water, &c.

ard ptil] down

under war-lanu;

cx^t'cc le-

'i^cl I) dif trclk.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all turf, dung, dirt, straw, ruLbish, fioncs* gravel, fund or lime, which shall be laid on said road, shall be and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the said commissioners of the said road, and to be their sole property, and shall be sold by them or any of them for the use of the said road, or otherwise disposed of by them as they or any of them flia.il think fit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, cr such person or persons as flia 11 be authorized by them, or any seven of them, to -pull down, cr fill up and level any wall, drain or ditch, which shall be built, or made, cr begun to be built, or made after the passing of this act, upon anr part of tliC said road, or within thirty feet of the centre of the said road, and to cut down or re-r.'.crc any forest tree which shall be set or planted after the passing of lids ad, within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the said road, and to cut dowrn, lop or top bullies now growing or Handing, or which may hereafter grow or . Hand adjoining to any part of the said road, or on the hedges, or in the banks thereof, which are or shall be more than five feet above the level of the said road, or rearer than thirty-five feet to the centre thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers neglecting to cut down such branches for twelve days after notice in writing given for that purpose, under the hand of any magistrate or commissioner; and to take up any way or passage from the said road into any field or land adjoining, which may obfirud the free passage of water, and to re-make the fame by building a gutter or fewer, or arch therein at a sufficient depth, and to scour and clear away all obflrudlions which may bapDen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the said road, or for preventing its injuring the fame; and to pull down and remove any flgn-pMt which shall be credled contrary to this first obtaining a warrant under the hand and seal of any magi {Irate, or any of the commissioners for so doing; and to levy the expence thereof by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, or of the o\i ner or occupier of the land wherein such way, passage, or drain, or hufl.es or branches shall he, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

S XXXV. And

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

XXXV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or futh Person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them shall authorize and appoint, to pull down, or cause to be pulled down, any house or part of a house, or lime kiln which shall be built contrary to this add, and that the expences of so doing shall be levied off the goods and chattels of the person who caused the same to be eredfed, and that it shall and may be lawful for any person to kill any dog which shall be kept contrary to this act, without being sued or prosecuted for so doing.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any driver or person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, save only such as are respectively drawn by one horse only, or by two diorfcs abreaff with bridles in their mouths, and conduced or driven by some person holding the reins of such bridles,) shall ride upon the fame or any part of the said road, not having some other person on foot or on horse back to guide the fame; or if the driver or person in care of any carriage shall, by negligence or wilful misbehaviour hinder, ob-ffrueff, or interrupt the passage of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's subjects on the said road; or if the driver or p#rfon in care of an empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, shall xefufe or neglect to turn aside and make way for any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every such person, being convicted thereof by his own confefTion, or by the oath of any one credible witness before any julfice of the peace, or commissioner under this add, shall for every such offence, if such offender be not the owner of such carriage, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and if such offender shall be the owner of such carriage he shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; and every such offender shall upon non-payment thereof, be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of a justice of the peace, or commissioner, to the gaol or house of correction of the county wherein such offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month, or until the said fine be paid, and every such offender or person in care of such carriage, offending in any of the said cases, may by the authority of this act, and without any warrant, be apprehended by any , 4 II 2 person

Houses or

lime kilns built contrary to this act may be pulled down; and dogs may be killed.

Drivers of cars, cart*.

&c. who ride thereon (except as herein), or obit rust paf-sage

or drivers of empty cars, *c. who refuse to turn alide, forfeit i os. if not owners, and 20^ if owa-cis, or Hi all be committed;

such offenders may be apprehended by any pei Ton.

Penalty on pet Tons nho refill* this atf, or coiu'ahhs . m iio nc^l< i\ t<# execute v?ari ants-

Tme*, &c.

not particularly cttre&c<l, shall he levied by d\ ft refs, or offenders committed;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

person who shall fee such offence committed, and be conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before some justice of the 'peace, or commissioner of the said road.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall refill, or make forcible opposition against any person or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or shall assault any collector of the tolls in the execution of his or their office or offices, or shall make or attempt to make any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods distrained or seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable, or sub-constable Thall refuse or ne-gledt to execute any warrant granted by any justice, or by any commissioner, pursuant to the directions of this act, every such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, before any justice of the peace or commissioner, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than twenty shilling?, at the discretion of such justice or commissioner; and in case the same shall not be immediately paid, - such justice or commissioner is hereby empowered and required, on conviction before him, to commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction of the county wherein the offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unldfs the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed for any bffence committed against this act, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly directed, shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the commissioner or justice before whom the offender shall be convicted by the oath of one credible witness, or on his or her own confession; and in case of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall be imposed by the authority of this act, the offender shall be committed by any justice of the peace of the county wherein the offence shall have teen committed, or any commissioner adiing under this act, by warrant under his 'hand and seal, to the common

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

+gaol or house of correction, of the county where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, shall be applied by such justice of the peace, or commissioner, in rewarding the informer or parties convicting, and the constables or other persons assisting, or partly in one, and partly in the other, for the purposes aforesaid, as to such justice of the peace or commissioner shall seem proper.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any distress shall be made for any sum or Turns of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers -on account of any default, or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab , on

account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity -may recover full ftitisfaClion for the speclal damage in an action on the case.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every part of the present line of the said road, and of any newline of road to be made pursuant to the powers, and in virtue of this act, shall be within and subject to the powers of this act, and of no other law whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, and each and every overseer who shall be appointed by the said commissioners, shall, in respect to the said road, have the like power and authorities as any of the overseers appointed under any of the laws now in force, or which may be hereafter made for the amending, reftairing, or making the public roads, now have, or are, or lhai- be entitled to.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said commissioners respectivily, or any seven or more of rhem, from time to time U* appoint as many collectors as shall be nectffury for receiving the tolls at the pay gates which shall be crected on the said road, at such salary or wages, not exceeding the rate of twenty gni-Vol. XIX. 4 I ' neas

3°9

A.D. 1799. Chap. 47.

application of such fines.

Didrcfs not deemed unlawful for want of form;

persons aggrieved may recover special damages.

All the line of said road, old and new, shall be fub-je:t to this act only.

Powers of ova leers the same as for public roads.

Collc&or6 to pay money to treasurer, monthly or oftener, and to account on oath, if

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

neas per annum for each and every collector, and from time to time to remove any collector or collectors at will and pleasure of such commissioners, and to appoint other collector or collectors in the (lead of such -collector or collectors so re-Appoint- moved, and every such collector or collectors shall pay the movai of col- monies by him collected or received, to the treasurer of the lc&ors.; said j.oa(^ once at least in every month, and as much oftener as he shall be thereunto required by the said treasurer, or by any of the said commissioners, and shall also upon oath, if thereunto required by any one or more of the said commissioners, which oath any one of the said commissioners is

hereby empowered to administer, give in from time to time required, or a true, exact, and perfect account in writing, for all monies

be committed- 1 . n

by him collected or received by virtue of this act, or by reason of his said employment; and if any such collector shall refuse or omit so to do, and shall thereof be convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or commissioner tiding under this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or commissioner to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain 'without bail or mainprize, until he shall give in such account upon oath, and pay all such monies as he shall have received for the said commis* (ioners by virtue of this act.

XLIII. Provided always, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any five of them, may if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered ' -on fourteen days notice being given in any two Limerick papers for that purpose, to lease -or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less -than one year, the tolls, or any part thereof by this act, payable at the pay gates on the said road, to any person or persons at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got by public cant for the fame, provided also, That no lease thereof shall be made before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XLIV. Provided always, That the agreement be put into writing, and signed by the party taking the fame, and that the t ^.s^comentt money be made payable monthly, and that sufficient security ing, money be given for the regular ^payment thereof, to be previously JndfecTrhv*’ approved of by any seven or niore of the said commissioners, given, fee. and that one month be paid in advance, and that every such

agreement

'Commi’ffiooert empowered to lease or farm tolls.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 311

agreement be approved of and signed by seven at least of A.D. the said commissioners, and provided that no such lease shall be granted or contracted for until after the first day of *May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person appointed to receive the tolls at any pay gate on any of the divisions of the said road, by any person or persons taking the fame by deed in writing, shall CoHeflor*

appoints! b

have all and Angular the like powers and authorities for en- persons uk-forcing the payment thereof, and be subject to, and under j^hu'e fijt all and Angular the like regulations and restrictions as any Power,» *c- . collector appointed by the said commissioners of the said road can or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or for any penalty inflicted by this act, the venue shall be laid in the county of Limerick, and not elsewhere, and the Venue to be defendant or defendants in such action or actions, may plead me^ick^iu7 the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in aftlo"6

0 D r matters done

evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame under thi* was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and d(.fen<jant if it shall appear so to be done, or that such action or ac-

* general issue$

tions shall be brought in any other county, or if after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or in case of a demurrer, if judgment shall be given against the plaintiff, treble in either or any of such cases the defendant or defendants f

shall have and recover treble costs, and the like Tcmedy for non-fuitcti* the fame against the plaintiff, as any other defendant or defendants hath or have by law in any other case.

XLVII. And whereas from the great length of said road, leading from Newcastle to Limerick, and from thence to Charlcville, being forty-one Irish miles, it is expedient that the said road shall be divided into four parts, be it enacted by R nd d'vi.u the authority aforesaid, That the said road shall accordingly ^"3)°^. be, and the fame is hereby divided into four parts or districts, as follows, that is to say,' That so much of the said road as lies between the town of Newcastle and the village of Croagh,

4. I 2 shall

1

3T 2

A.D.

1799-Chap. 47.

From Newcastle to Croagh, ift division; from Cropgh to city of Limerick, 2d division; from Limerick to Bruff, 3d division; from Bruff to Chadeville, 4th division.

Tolls to be paid only once a day in each division.

Commifli-oneis may take lands for widening or altering >road;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

shall hereafter be known by the name of the Newcastle, or first division of the said road; and so much thereof as lies between the said village of Croagh, and reaches to the city of Limerick, shall be known by the name of the Adare, or second division of said road; and that so much of the said road as lies between the city of Limerick, and reaches to the town of BrufT, shall be known by the name of the Limerick, or third division of the said road j and so much of said road as lies between the town of Bruff and Charleville, shall be known by the name of the Bruff, or fourth division of the said road.

XI/VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any of the tolls now payable on said road, more than once in the fame day, within any of the said divsions of the said road, but every person having paid the toll orrluty now imposed at any one of the gates between the town of New-, cattle, and the village of Croagh, on producing a ticket thereof, shall be allowed to pass free through all the several gates on the said part or division of the said road, at any time during the day on which he has once paid the said toll as aforesaid, and so in like manner, having once paid the toll at any of the gates of any of the other divisions, he shall be allowed to pass free through the other gates in the said division of the said road at any time during the day on which lie has so once paid. '

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them assembled at a regular meeting, to afeertarn, describe, and set apart such part and proportion of the lands adjoining, or contiguous to the said road, or any part thereof, or which otherwise lie moll convenient for widening the said road, or any part thereof, to a breadth not exceeding forty-one feet from fence to fence, and foT carrying or altering the ^ourfc of, or 'continuing the fame, or any part thereof ttraight, or in more convenient lines, not being houses, gardens, parks, paddocks, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them ttiail judge necessary; and the said trustees, or any^seven or more of them are hereby empowered to treat and a^rce with the owners, and others interested

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

tcrefled in said grounds, to be made use of in widening the course, or altering or carrying the said road, or any part thereof straight, or in more convenient lines as aforesaid, for such recompence and satisfaction to be made to such ‘owners and others for the fame, out of the tolls and duties 'to arise by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any "seven or more of them shall think fit and reaTunable-; and in case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to treat 1 or agree as aforesaid, or through any disability by nonage, 'Coverture, or' special limitation in any settlement or settlements, or by reason of any other impediment, cannot or f shall otherwise howsoever refuse to dispose of their respee-'live interests in such lands, as the said trustees, or any fe-'ven or more of them shall think necessary for the purposes aforesaid, in every or any such case the said trustees, or any r seven Or more of them, are hereby authorized and empotver-’ ed‘ to issue forth' their 'warrant or warrants to the sheriff or -sheriffs of the county wherein such'ground doth lie, to im-pannel or return before the said ' trustees, or any seven or more of them, at such time and place within the said county as shall be appointed in such warrant or warrants, a suffi* -- cient jury who upon their oath, (which oath the said trustees, or any seven or more of them are hereby empowered and re-'quired to administer) shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground so to be made 'use of f6r the purpose aforesaid; and such verdicts or inquisitions as shall be found and returned by the said jury, ascertaining the Value of such ground, shall be final and conclusive, us well to the said trustees, as to the several and respective owners and proprie-'tors of such ground, notwithstanding any disability or incapacity v.hatsoever; and the said trustees, nr any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to remove any encroachment which fh.dl have been made within the last five years previous to the passing of this act, and to issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county wherein such encroachment has been made to remove or level the fame, which warrant or warrants the said sheriff or sheriffs are hereby commanded to obey under a penalty of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every such neglect or refusal: Provided always, That such encroachment shall ap-VaL. XIX. 4 K -pear

3*3

A.D.

1799-Char*.

n proprietor of 1 unis !C-fule to treat . for them, conirniiliorr-ers mall issue a warrant to sheriff to em-pannel a jury, who shall en-qaire into value, 3c c.

verdii^ of jury to be final;

encroachments made within 5 years may be removed, on commissioneri issuing a warrant to the sheriff, which he shall obey, penalty lol.

such encroachment to

7 ’’hethirty-ninth Year George III.

pear to have come within twenty feet of the centre of said road.

L. And for as much as the money to be collected by such receipt of toll, will hot at present be sufficient for widening be within 20 and repairing the said road; be it enacted by the authority Vuui of aforesaid, That the interest which is now or shall hereafter ^ibcntnus to ^ue to the fevera| debentures on the said road, shall be

be applied to 7

road; and an applied solely to the repairing and widening the said road, until the fame flan 11 be completely and effectually done, and that an account shall be kept by the treasurer of the sums so expended for the widening and repairing the said road, distinguishing the parts of the said road which shall belong to each debenturer, and the sum or sums of money it shall take to repair and widen the fame respectively, which sum or sums is to be charged to the account of the interest due to each debenturer respectively; and the said treasurer is hereby di reded to flop the money so laid out in repairing and widening the said debentures’ part of said road, out of the inti rest nt>w due, or which shall hereafter fall due to Lid debenturer; it being the intent and meaning of this

account tkirc-cf kept by tr< aimers;

roi'd to be In

con pkte or-

«icr tc'i.rc in- act, that the said road shall be pnt into complete order and

tere‘' is paid to debenture!?.

When erm-ntifTonois dc- . i

clare n>; d to PUt lnt° Complete

and arrears shall be paid to debeutur-ers.

repair, before any interest whatsoever shall be paid to any of the said debentures.

LI. Provided always, That so soon as the said road shall order and repair, and that the fame be in fixii or- ftojl bc f0 resolved to be in such order at a meeting to be

der, in tire it ' 0

held of said commissioners as is herein after directed, each and every debenturer shall then be paid all interest and arrears of intend now due or which hereafter shall fall due to him out of the tolls to be levied under this act, first deducting all money laid out, or hereafter to be laid out for repairs of said debentures, part of said road as is herein before directed; it being the intent and meaning.of thi* ad, first to put the said road into complete order and repair, and then, that said debenturers shall receive any moiety that shall be fairly and justly due to them.

LII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer of the said road shall, on or before the first ck'k’ofhouse every ff'ffion of parliament, lodge with the clerk of the ho\*£e of commons, and also with the treasurers of the county, and courrcy of the city of Limerick, on or before

the

Treasurer to lodge accounts upon

of cemmons, and with co. treasurer.

I

14. Com-

m'fTionem

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

the first day of the Spring assizes in each year, an account in writing, upon oath, of the (late of the said roads, and also a particular account of the receipts and payments respecting the same.

LIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no money whatsoever arising out of the tolls raised or levied shall refotve under this act, shall be applied to the payment of thb inte- rjacl is CJ^_

tcfl of any debenture, until at a public meeting of the com- r^’^.^c^rc missioners, of which fourteen days notice, at the least, shall debentures be given in the Limerick papers, fourteen at the least of pud said commissioners shall resolve, that the said road is in complete and good order and condition, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- CommifW

J ers a id juf-

said, That every commissioner or justice of the peace shall tices may ad-have power within his jurisdiction to administer all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be necessary for the purposes of this act; and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation prescribed or empowered to be taken by or in pursuance of this act, or for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and shall Persons "'»

\ swear or af-

therein wilfully affirm or swear falsely, every such person firm falfjy, shall upon conviction, suffer the pains and penalties enacted njfoeturfo^’ against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury. perjury.

LV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act con- Nottoaf-tained shall be construed to extend to, or affect any ad, or f^chars^ any part of any ad, so far as the fame relates to repairing villetoCork. or amending the road leading from Charleville to the city of Cork.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be in force 31 and continue in force for the term of thirty-one years, from the last day of this present session of parliament, and that publicaa. the same shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and judicially noticed as such by all Judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

4. K 2

CHAP.

:3'6

A.D.

179')*

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Notes and

Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum,

Saturday the first day of June, one th /even hundred and

- Royal JJfent given.

JOHN CAYER. D CLER. PARL.

fvcan.b’.e. WHEREAS various notes, bills of exchange, and \- drafts for money, have been for fume time pafi circulated and negociated in lieu of cnfii within‘ this kingdom,

to the great prejudice of trade and public credit, and many

of such bills, notes and drafts, arc made payable under ccr- tain terms and restrictions which the poorer class of manu-

fadaurers, artificers, ‘ labourers, and others cannot comply with, unless by submitting to great extortion and abuse: And whereas the issuing of such small notes,'bills of exchange, and drafts, has very much tended'to extend the

; pernicious crime of forgery. Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

Ait-promis- of the fame. That nil promissory or other notes,'or under-d^/guLtas t2kings in writing being negociable Or transferable ‘ for the L^h'uilnotw Pa>'ment any sum less than five guineas, or on which any v JO"-j sum less than five guineas, ilia 11 remain undischarged, save

|.c,-ify ,_, ' b ®

tiamcs ami and except such promissory notes for sums not exceeding

abrwtc of p-r- twenty shillings, herein after allowed to be drawn and i filled tons to whom by registered bankers, not' resident in Dublin, and which

payable }

shall be i filled after the passing of this act, shall be made payable tc some certain person or persons named therein, and shall specify the names and places of abode of the person

or person^ respectively,' to whom, or to whose order the Tame shall be made payable; and shall bear date before or

at the time of drawing or issuing thereof, and not any day subsequent thereto, and shall be made payable within twen-'.ty-one days next after the day of the date thereof, and

8 " shall

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

shall not be transferable or negociable after the time thereby limited for payment thereof, and that every endorsement to be made thereon shall be made before the expiration of that time, and shall bear date at, and not before the time of making thereof and every such promissory or other note, or undertaking in writing, shall specify the name and place of abode of the person or persons to whom, or to whose order the money specified in every such note or undertaking is to be paid; and that the signing of every such note or undertaking, and also of every such endorsement, shall be attested by one subscribing witness at the least, whose names and places of abode respectively shall appear subscribed to every such attestation, and which said notes or undertakings in writing shall be made or drawn respectively in words, to the purport or effect set out in the schedule hereunto annexed.

II. And whereas so long as the governor and company of the bank of Ireland shall be restrained from paying their pro-tnifTory notes or bills of exchange in calli, it may be expedient to allow the issue of inland bills of exchange, or bank post-bills, under certain restrictions, for any sum not less than three guineas; Be it therefore enacted, That so long as such restrictions shall continue, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for any banker or other person to make, issue, or draw any inland bill of exchange, bank post-bill or draft in writing, for any sum not less than three guineas; subject to the provisions herein after mentioned; and that from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any banker or other person to make, issue, or draw any inland bill of exchange, bank post-bill, or draft in writing, for any sum less than three guineas; and that every such bill of exchange, bank post-bill, or draft, for the sum of three guineas, or for any sum above three guineas, and less than five guineas, shall be made payable to the person or persons by whom, or for whose use the value of such bill of exchange, bank post-bill, or draft, shall have been paid, and to no other person; and every such bill of exchange, bank post-bill or draft, shall in like manner specify the names and places of abode of the person or persons to whom, or to whose order the same shall be made payable, and shall bear date before or at the time of draw-ing'or issuing thereof, and not on any day subsequent thereto, and shall be made payable within twenty-one days next after the day of the date thereof; and that the signing of

and dated at time of drawing, payable within 21 days, and not negociable after

signing of notes and cn-dorfements to be witnessed.

37 G. 3. «. s'-

During rc-(Iri&ions oa bank of Ireland, bills or drafts may be issued under 5 and not less than 3 guineas \

how such bills,

shall be drawn

signing to be

W.UiChld.

AH issued under 5 guineas shall be payable to perfuiis, only, who give value.

Truble value of all notes, &c. issued contrary to this act, shall be forfeited.

Notes under 203. shall be paid in

318 The thirty ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

every such bill of exchange, bank pott-bill or draft, shall be

1799. attested by one subscribing witness at the least, whose name and place of abode shall appear to every such attestation respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful to and for any banker or other person, and they are hereby prohibited from drawing or iiTuing any inland bill of exchange, or bank poll-bill, or draft for any sum less than five guineas as aforesaid, payable to any person or persons whatever, save the person or persons by whom or for whose use the value of such bill of exchange, bank poll-bill or draft, shall have been paid respecti vely.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this a*S», any person who shall issue, publish, or negoci-ate any bill of exchange, draft or undertaking in writing contrary to the provisions of this act, shall forfeit a sum amounting to treble the value of such promissory or other note, bill of exchange, draft or undertaking in writing.

V. And whereas divers promrflbry notes, or undertakings in writing, have been made and issued for sums less than twenty shillings, payable under certain terms, conditions, or restrictions, be it enacted, That every such promissory note or undertaking i-n writing, for the payment of any sum less than twenty shillings, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be payable on demand in cash, any terms, conditions, or restrictions therein mentioned to the contrary notwithstand-ingj and that from and after the passing of this act, no promrflbry or other note, or undertaking in writing, being negociable or transferable for the payment of any sum less

bankers only, ^jjan t.wenty shillings, shall be issued or made payable by any other person, save only by a registered banker under the provisions hereafter mentioned.

VI. And whereas divers promissory notes, bills of exchange, or other undertakings in writing, have been heretofore issued for divers small sums of money . less than five guineas, and have been negociated in lieu of cash, be it

if not«s un- enacted,' That if any person liable to the payment of any arenofpaiT note, bill of exchange, or undertaking in writing made, Tfter demand* ‘^uec^ or drawn, or to be made, issued, or drawn, for any after 24 June sum less than five guineas, shall from and after the twenty*-/ niay9if/ueft ce* fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety->ndawa[d* nine> neglect or fail to make full payment in money of the

3 sum

cash i

notes under 20s. may be issued by ban

Ac.

Notes, &c under 5 guineas, have been issued:

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

sum or sums for which such;,note, bill, or undertaking in writing shall have been, ot^shall so respectively made or issued, or so much thereof as shall be or remain due thereon respectively, by the space of three days after demand thereof made by the holder or holders ;of such notes, drafts, or undertakings in writing, theq.and in every such case reflectively, it ltiall and may be lawful for any one or more of his MaT jesty’s justices of the peace for the county, county of a city, or county of a town where the person or persons, or any of them respectively, so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, shall or may happen to be or reside; and such justice and justices is and are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder or holders thereof, to summon the person or persons again! whom such complaint shall be made, and after his, her, or their appearance, or in default thereof, upon due proof on oath, before such justice or justices, of such summons having been served, to proceed to hear and determine the said complaint, and to award fuel) sum to be paid by the person or persons respectively liable to the payment of such note, draft, bill, or undertaking in writing, to the holder or holders thereof, as shall appear to be due thereon, together with such colls as shall have been incurred in prosecuting such complaint, not exceeding twenty shillings, as shall appear right to such justice or justices; and if any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to pay or satisfy such sum of money as upon such complaint as aforesaid, shall be adjudged upon the fame being demanded, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the party so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all colls and charges attending such sale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to prevent any note, or bank poll-bill drawn or issued by any registered banket L for payment of any sum less than five guineas, and bearing date and issued before the passing of this act, from being negociated and transferred by any person other than the bankers who issued the fame, until the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer; and if any banker shall, after the passing of this act, re-issue, or fulfer to be re-

4 L 2 issued

amount of cost, which if not paid may be leried by distrefe, &c.

Bank notes under 5 guineas, issued before this act, may be negociated until id October, .1799, " except by bankers who issued them, who shall fer-

3io

A.D.

1799-Chap. 48.

felt 100l. for every such rote re-iflu-cd

persons who give or take such notes in payment after I Oa. 1799, forfeit double value.

an^ pofl-may be i for 3 eas and aids, dur-dlri&ion ank of

Registered bankers out of Dublin, may issue Jiotcs for 9$. 6s. or 3s. 9id. which they ftaD pay in b. of Ireland notes, until cnd of nett Jeflion.

Such notes to be issued *ngly.

the thirty-ninth Year George III.

issued any such note or bank post-bill, such banker, or any person or persons in their behalf re-issuing, or causing the same to be re-nffued as aforesaid, shall for every such note so re-issued, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person shall, after the said first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, give or take in payment any such note or bill, every such person shall for every such note or bill so given or received in payment as aforesaid, forfeit double the value of the said note or bill.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act shall subject any registered banker by whom any notes or bills for any sum less than five guineas, and not less than twenty shillings, dated and issued before the day of the passing of this ad, have been drawn and issued, to the regulations in this act contained, respecting the payment of notes and bills under five guineas in calli.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend to subject any registered banker drawing or issuing bank post-bills pursuant to the provisions of this act, for any sum under five guineas, and not under three guineas, to the regulations in this act contained, respecting the payment of such bank poll-bills in cash, so long as the governor and company of the bank of Ireland shall be restrained from paying their promissory notes or bills of exchange in calli.

X. And far the better accommodation of traders, farmers, manufacturers, artificers, labourers, and others, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any banker or bankers not resident in the city of Dublin, whose firm hath been registered according to law-, from and after the passing of this act, to issue any promissory notes negociable or transferable for the sum of nine shillings, or six shillings, or threfc shillings and nine pence halfpenny each, and that the holders of such notes shall be entitled to demand and receive payment thereof in notes of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, but not to demand payment in any other manner from the passing of this act, until the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

XI. Provided also, That such promissory notes shall be issued separately and singly, and not joined together in one printed sheet or ©therwife.

The thirty+ninth Vear George III. 321

XII. Provided nevertheless, That when any person shall A.D. demand payment thereof, the bankers who shall have issued 1799. the same shall not be compelled to pay such notes, unless

the difference between one guinea, or between so many gui- , Chang: t«

b ®be given to

neas as the said notes shall be nearest.to, above the amount banker*.

of the whole of the notes for which payment shall at one time be demanded, shall be-tendered with such notes to the bankers from whom payment shall be demanded.

XIII. Provided always, That all penalties imposed and Penalti e» appointed by this act, whatever may he the amount thereof, p^n^uin^ shall be recovered by such person as shall sue for the same bycivilW1-by civil bill, before the judges of assize, in the proper county, or before the chairman at the quarter sessions in the

county of Dublin, or recorder in the city of Dublin, any law or statute contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Not t® ex-in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend o^irelawL

: to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland.

S CH E D U L E*

Place) (day) (month) (year) twenty-one days after date Schedule.; :I promise to pay to A.B. of (place) or his order, the sum of foT value received by

G. Da

Witness ’E. F. of (place)

And the endorsement toties quoties (day) (month) (year) pay the contents to G. H. of (place) or his order.

A.B.

Witness J. K. of (place) >t>\

’’Vo 1.. XIX.

‘4 M

CHAP.

"The thirty-ninth Year George III.

T22

A.D. 1799.

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend an Act p in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present , Entitled, An Act for the

mor.eeffectual Support of the Families of Militia Men.

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand frjen hundred and ninety-nine

Royal AJftnt given.

W'

2.

tft.kd lince:

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled,. An Act for the more effectual support of the families of militia AHowanre* men, certain allowances were made to the wives and chil-35 dren of militia men during their absence, upon actual fer-

vice, under the directions, provisions, and limitations in the said act particularly set forth; and whereas since the passing of the said act, the pay of all serjeants, corporals, drummers, and privates serving in the militia of this kingdom, Pay lus teen has been considerably increased, whereby it becomes unne-ccftary to extend the allowances made by the said act to the families of such militia men who shall, or may, after the passing of this act, be enlisted to serve in any militia regi-Familifs of ment of this kingdom ;^be it therefore enacted, That the families of such militia men who shall or may, from and after the passing of this act, be enlisted to serve in any regiment of militia of this kingdom, shall not receive or be entitled to receive any allowance whatsoever, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstand-aot to extend ing; provided always, That nothing herein contained shall mcndio^n°f extend, or be construed to extend to abridge, annul, or by lot, before make void the allowances in the said act-made for the families of such militia men as may be hereafter chosen by lot to serve, and shall actually in their own proper persons serve in any militia regiment of this kingdom, nor to abridge, annul, or make void any allowance in the said act made for the families of such militia men who have been chosen by lot or enlisted previous to the passing of this act.

II.

men enlilted after this act shall not receive allowance

-or after this

*a.

7 'hethirty-ninth Ytar of George III.

II. And be it further enacted, That the wife, child, or children of any militia man then absent from his county upon actual fetvicje, who shall or may be entitled to the allowance made by the said act, and who shall or may at any time, from and after the passing of this act, join the regiment, such wife, child, or children who shall so join as aforesaid, shall, upon certificate, under the hand and feai of the officer commanding such regiment at the time being, -delivered to the treasurer of such county, for ever after be precluded from receiving any allowance or benefit, under or by virtue of the said act.

III. And whereas it is expedient that some further and additional check should be made on the payment of sums to the families of militia men who are now entitled, or may hereafter become entitled to the fame by virtue of the said act; be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, every colonel, lieutenant-colonel* or commanding officer for the time being, of any miHtia regiment of this kingdom, shall twice in every year, that is to say, on or before the first day of May, and first day of November in each and every year, make a return of the families of such militia men, whose families are, or-may become entitled to any allowance by virtue of the said act, to the treasurer of their respective counties, and shall whensoever, and as often as any contingency shall happen to any militia man, either by death, discharge, desertion, or by the wife, child, or children of such militia man, remaining for any time with the regiment or otherwise, whereby the family of such militia man shall be precluded from receiving allowance or benefit by virtue of this and the said act, make a return of the same to the said treasurer, and it shall not be lawful to r for any treasurer of any ceunty of a city or town, to pay or cause to be paid to the family of any militia man any allowance whatsoever, save and except the families of such militia men as shall be contained in the said returns, and according thereto.

IV. And be it enacted, That a copy of the returns so made by the colonel, lieutenant-colonel commandant, or commanding officer, as the case may be, since the lad preceding assizes or presenting term, shall be by him transmitted to the office of the clerk of the crown of his respect

4 M a live

3*3

A.D.

1799-Chap. 49.

Fa mllie« of

miiitia men who join regiments shall not receive allowance.

Returns of families to be made twice a year, by commanding officers to CO. treasurer*;

and returns of

contingencies, when they happet.

Copies of returns to be transmitted by commanding officers to clerks of peace, 6 days before cafuing

:3*4

A.D.

11799* 'Chap. 49-

?CI/cs, or prefacing term it ;n Uub'in: j;iand juiics to pJeU nt fi.ms j dily p.iiu

? tre:.finer not 4.) L\\ more t!i:ui i.*. i#« —

" kutai.

jr rrr^nd

'thirty-ninth George III.

tive county, six days before the next ensuing assizes, or if in the county of Dublin or city of Dublin, ^six days before the next presenting term, in order to be laid before the grand juries of every county and city respectively; and the grand juries of every county and city respectively are hereby required to present such Turns as it Thai appear to them have "been jufily paid according to the provisions of the said re-, cited aft, and none other such sums to be raised and levied in manner as by the said receited act is more particularly directed; and it shall not be lawful for the treasurer of any county or city to issue his warrant to levy any other or greater Turn, under or by virtue of the said recited aeft, fa ve and except such sum as shall have been so presented by the grand jury as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, That if the treasurer shall find hi.n-j.'c/cwt'Vtitii- "^c^ aggrieved by such presentment, it shall and may be lawful

0. ntiy, t.ca- for pjm lo ma|-c complaint thereof by petition to the judge t ,v > ji ifc.v- of assize at the said assizes or presenting term, which petition shall be verified by oath, and the said judge of assize is 'hereby required and authorized to examine into the fame in a fin mm ary manner, and if it shall seem to him that the said grand iury has not presented a sufficient sum, he is heicby authorized and required by writing under his hand and seal, to direct such further or other sum to be levied as to him shall seem just, in order -to reimburse the said treasurer, which further or other sum the said treasurer is hereby empowered and authorized to add to the warrant which be shall issue to levy the sums presented at the said assizes or presenting term, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Wi.cn mi- .

VI. Provided always, That so often as any regiment shall rmV"v«ta, C be employed on a£hial service against any foreign enemy or ay"nit enc- against rebels, the families of the militia men entitled to

iui-"8 or re*

1. vis families receive their respective bounties, although the return herein b'mntii*al- 'before required to be made by the colonel or commanding

thoi’/h rc-tit.v.s. ire not ji\ adc.

lol. Penalty on treasurer fir u.itrccffi.ry deity.

officer, on the first day of May or first day of November, shall not have been made.

VII. Provided always, That if any treasurer shall refuse or neglect to pay on demand, any allowance' justly due to any family of a militia man, or shall give any unnecessary or vexatious delay in the payment of the fame, he shall, on 5 being

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

being convicted thereof before the justices at the quarter sessions, forfeit for every offence the sum of ten pounds to the parties aggrieved by such delay.

CHAP. L.

An act to explain and amend an Act, Entitled, Act for Indemnifying such PerJ'onsas have acted Fifth Day

of November, One thou fund [even hundred and for the Preservation of thei Public Peace, and of the Infiv rectionsprevailing in fume Parts of this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriff) and other Officers to make the Returns therein specised.

Sat unity the first day of fur:e9 one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal /if tit given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL,

WHEREAS since the eighth of December, one thousand seven hundred and Expired, ninety-seven, this kingdom has been dillurbed by treasonable infurretflion# and open rebellion, and the lives of many of his Majesty's loyal subject$ have been Joft in said rebellion, and several oflicers, sheriffs, justices of peace and others, have been obliged, in order to suppress the said rebellion, to do many acts not justifiable by law; and whereas by an act of the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled.

An act for the King’s mrfi gracious, general and free pardon, it is enacted by the Ring’s most excellent Majesty, that he being always desirous to shew his inclination to mercy, therefore his Majesty was well pleased and contented that it be enacted, that all and every his subjects are thereby acquitted, pardoned and released from all treasons and other crimes perpetrated, and from all suits and executions incurred in consequence of the said rebellion, or in suppressing, counteracting or putting down \ the fame; and whereas another act of the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for indemnifying such persons as have aBed ftnee the fifth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and nimty-fven, for the preservation of the public peace, and suppression of the infurreBions prevai ittg in some parts of this kingdom, did receive the royal assent on the sixth day of Odtcber, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas it is necessary to remove doubts touching the said acts, and to prevent vexatious suits, and that a time be limited for the bringing of private actions, for or on account of any words spoken, or of assault, battery or false imprisonment, committed or done within the period aforesaid; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tenlporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where a trial shall be had upon any action now depending, or hereafter to be brought against any such sheriffs, officers or other persons for any acts done by them or any of them for suppressing said rebellion or insurrections, for the preservation of the public peace, and for the safety of the state, during the time they were engaged in fjppressing of the said rebellion or infurre&iQns, for the preservation of the publick peace, and for the safety of the Vol. XIX. 4 N ' state

325

A.D. 1799.

I

I

326

A.D.

>799-

Chap. 50.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

slate, in every such case, if the jury shall find for the plaintiff, they shall also find that such act for which the said action has been or shall have been so brought, was done maliciously, and not with an intent of suppressing rebellion or insurrections, or for the preservation of the public peace, or for the safety of the date, as the case may be, otherwise the said verdict shall be null and void.

II. And be it also enacted, That in every case in which the jury shall find for the plaintiff, and that such act for which the said action has been or may be brought, was done maliciously as aforesaid, the judge or judges before whom such action shall Joe tried, may be at liberty to certify against such verdict, and upon such certificate the verdict so had shall be set aside, and a nonSuit entered in lieu thereof.

III. Provided always, That in every such case where the judge or judges shall so certify as aforesaid, whereby the said verdict shall be so set aside, and a non-iuit entered in lieu thereof as aforesaid, that in every such case the plaintiff shall not be subject to double costs; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no action of assault and battery, or false imprisonment, or for words spoken, the cause of which action shall have arisen since the fifth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and before the passing of this Aact, shall be brought, unless the same shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the passing of this Aact.

V. And whereas during the wicked and unnatural rebellion which lately broke out in this kingdom, the civil power was in many counties within the same, infus-iicient for the due execution of the law, and many sheriffs and other officers were thereby prevented from executing the writs of our lord the King to them directed, without any default in said ftieriifis or other officers, *4^ it w^culd be unjust that such sheriffs or other officers lhculd be made respoiihble for not executing such V'rits: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all sheriffs and other officers to whom any writs of our lord die King have b^en dn edict! and delivered in all cases whatever, in which said sheriffs or other officers have been hindered and prevented from executing any such writs by any body or bodies of rebels and traitors to our lord the King, without the default of such sheriffs or officers to return and certify to the court out of which any such w rit shall have issued, such hindrance and prevention by rebels and traitors, against the will and without the default of such flieritf or other officer, and that such return shall be good and lawful excuse to the court or courts out of which any such writ or -writs shall have issued, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein enacted shall be construed to prevent any person or persons so injured by such return, in case the fame flioukl not be true in fact, from having and maintaining his, or their action or actions against such (herif]'or sheriffs, or other officers for such false return, and obtaining damages for the fame, as in other cases of false returns by sheriffs or other officers as usual.

CHAP.

V.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. LI.

An Act to revive and amend an pjJJ'ed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Entitled, An Act to

explain and amend an Act pfied the Twenty third' and Twenty fourth Years of his present MajesyEntitled, An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Inland . of this Kingdom.

' ’Saturday the first day of Juney one theufeind fcveti hundred and ninety-nine%

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. TARL.

WHEREAS an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the Teign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to explain and amend an act, passed the twenty-third and twenty fourth years of his present entitled, an act for the protection and improvement of the inland fisheries of this kingdom, was continued in force from the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, for nine years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, which ad did contain many useful regulations for the protection of the inland fisheries of this kingdom, and amongst others did explain and amend two acts, the One passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the preservationoffish in lakes, and inland

waters, the other passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the protection and improvement of the inland fisheries of this kingdom, which two. recited acts were then only in force for a time limited, but have since been made perpetual by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, that the said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty fourth years of his present Majestyyentitled, An act for the protection

4 N 2 and

Recited a612 6 G. 3. c. 50. was in force9years, from 1 May, 1786, and to end of next session, and contained useful regulations for in* land fiftieries,

and explained and amended 17 and 18 G. 3. and 23 and 24 G. 3.

said recited act 26 G. 3. made perpetual.

328 JThe thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

1799-Chap. 5 1.

After 1 Auou\

1799»

boats, cotts, &c. fliiill be rcg.'Acted, penalty 20l.

'Cotts, boat:., &c. in the river Bann, or any riv.r flowing into it, between the sea and [Lou^h Neagh, shall be registered with the mayor of Coleraine, and fecnrity entered into not to take fish contrary to law.

and improvement of the inland f of , shall be, and is hereby revived and made perpetual, any thing in said recited act, or any other act to the contrary in any wise not with {landing.

II. And whereas it is contrary to the laws now in force for the protection of the inland fiftieries of this kingdom, for any person not duly qualified thereto to keep, use, or have in their possession any boat or other engine, which can or may be employed in the taking of salmon, or other fill): And whereas it would materially conduce to protect the fisheries in Lough Neagh, and the river Bann, if all persons having or using boats therein were obliged to register and give security not to use the fame illicitly; be it therefore enacted, That every person who after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall have in his or her possession, or who shall in any manner use or employ any cott, boat, curragh, or float, unless the same shall be registered as herein after directed, fl ail forfeit the sum of twenty pounds sterling.

lil. And be it enacted, That every cott, boat* curragh, or float, which shall be kept or employed after the said first day of August, on the river Bann, or on any of the rivers flowing into the river Bann, between the sea and Lough Neagh, fl~a 11 be registered by the proprietor of such cott, boat, curragh, or float, with the mayor of the town of Coleraine for the time being, in which reginry shall be specified the name and place of abode of such proprietor, making such registry, who shall at the lame time enter into sufficient security for a sum not Itfs than twenty pounds sterling, before the said mayor of Coleraine for the time being, that the said cott, boat, curragh, or float so registered, shall not in any wise be employed in the taking of fish contrary to law. the amount of which security shall be forfeited in case any such cott, boat, curragh, or float so registered, shall be proved upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace for the counties of Antrim or Londonderry, to have been employed in the taking of fish contrary to-law.

IV. And be it enacted, That every cott, boat, curragh, or float, which shall be employed after the said first day of 3 ' August,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the river Bann, or on any of the rivers flowing into the river Bann, between the sea and Lough Neagh, shall have the name and the place of abode of the proprietor of such cott, boat, curragh, or float, painted in legible white letters, at least one inch long, on some conspicuous part of the said cott, boat, curragh, or float, in neglect whereof the said cott, boat, curragh, or float may be seized by any person, and shall be forfeited to the person seizing the same.

V. And be it enacted, That the penalty of twenty pounds for not registering cotts, boats, curraghs, and floats, kept or employed on the river Bann, or on the rivers flowing into the river Bann, between the sea and Lough Neagh, and also the amount of each security to be entered into before the mayor of Coleraine, that each cott, boat, curragh, and float registered with him shall not in any wise be employed in the taking of fish contrary to law, may be sued for and recovered in a summary way before any justice of the peace for the said counties of Antrim or Londonderry, which penalty he and they is and are hereby authorized to levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party by warrant under his hand and seal, over and above all other penalties imposed by this or any other act for the prote&ion or improvement of the inland fisheries of this kingdom.

3*9

A.

1799-Chap. <; r.

Names and places of abode to be

painted on boats, &c. otherwise forfeited.

Penalties may be bled L>r in a summary way, before a justice, and levied by distrest.

330 %ke thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

CHAP. Irll.

An Act to explain and amend an Act in the Thirty-eighth

Year of the Reign of his present Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Cork to the Brook which hounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary near the Foot of Kilworth and for repealing the several Laws heretofore made relating to the said Road.

Saturilny the JSrJl day of Juney one «thousand seven hundred and ninety nine%

Royal AJfrnt given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CI>ER. PARL.

3*G. 3. C. 22. ^Whereas ?th

G. 2. C. 20.

and 7 G. 2. c. io.

and 13 and 14 G. 3. c. 2 9.

and 19 and

20 G. 3. c. . 49. arc ia-effect ua

WHEREAS the several acts of parliament following, that is to say, an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilworth Mountain; an act passed in the seventh year of his said fete Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for making more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the , entitled, An act

for repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilworth Mountain, and for other purposes therein mentioned}

an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty King George the third, entitled,

An act for amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilworth , and from thence

to the toad leading from the town of in the county of

Tipper ary through the towns of Mite he Ifi own, and to

Doneraile, in the county of Cork, and for making additional trustees for the turnpike road between Kilkenny and Callan j an act passed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his said present Majesty, entitled. An act for altering, amending, and continuing, and making more effectual an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for amending and -

ing

*The thirty-ninth Year George III.

' fag. the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and near the foot of Kil-

worth Mountainy and on to Knockboy turnpike gate, and other purpifest are found by experience to be ineffectual for the purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the adviec~an.d consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons ill this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said several acts, and all and every the powers and authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and clfcufes therein contained, (except such parts thereof as repeal or alter the several acts therein recited), be, and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void, so far as they in any wise relate to the said road, but not otherwise.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his grace the duke of Devonshire, the earl of Shannon, the earl of Cork and Orrery, the earl of Kingston, the earl of Oauwilliam, the earl of Mount Cafhel, the earl of Inchi-quin, lord viscount Middleton, lord viscount Boyle, the Tight honourable William Brabazon Ponsonby, the honourable Coville Moore, the honourable William Moore, the honourable Robert Moore, Denham Jephfon, esquire, Arthur Hyde, esquire, Peter Carey, esquire, Edmond Roche, esquire, George Bowles, esquire, Nicholas Green Evans, esquire, Richard Aldworth, esquire, William Love, esquire, Thomas Moore, esquire, John Hennefly, esquire, Bartholomew O’Donoghue, esquire, John Anderson, esquire, William Anderson, esquire, Thomas Power, esquire, Henry Fortescue, esquire, Richard Peard, of Coole, esquire, King-don Power, esquire, Edward Hoare Reeves* esquire, fir Samuel Rowland, knight, reverend John Fortescue, Peter Maziere, esquire, Peter Carey, junior, cfquiie, William Dobyn, esquire, Samuel M‘Call, esquire, Francis Woodley, junior, esquire, William Crawford, esquire, Richard Peard, of Peardmount, esquire, John Hyde, esquire, James Millerd, esquire, William Price Peard, esquire, Charles Widenham, esquire, fir James Lawrence Cotter, baronet, Broderick Chinnery, esquire, Henry Bowles, esquire, Richard Croker, esquire, John Nafon, esquire, Arthur Giffard Brabazon, esquire, William Croker, esquire, reverend Christmas Paul

4 O 2 Wallace,

331

A.D.

‘799-Chap. 52.

all said a*l« (except such patts as repeal others) are hereby repealed, so far as they relaie t# laid oad.

Mamet at commission-

N

f Not to diminish ftrcur*-tics or contrails, but such shall be ▼tiled in said commissioners; or matters due by former trustees to creditors of road.

Commissioners.toele& others in place of such as die or rc-sign, amounting in the whole to 65.

'Tie thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Wallace, John Peard, esquire, Edward Croker, esquire, John Southcoote Manferagh, esquire, Richard Martin, esquire, John Maunfell, of Youghall, esquire, the reverend William Adair, Mathias Gleffian, esquire, Mathias Hendley, esquire, Thomas Pirott, of Fcrruoy, esquire, James M‘Whir-ter, and Arthur Lucas, esquire, be, and are hereby appointed commissioners of said road, beginning at the city of Cork, and ending at the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth Mountain, and the several persons herein before named and appointed as commissioners, and such person and persons as shall be elected a commissioner or commissioners of said road, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, and those appointed by them in pursuance of this act, and none other, shall have full power and lawful and absolute authority to do, execute and perform, all and every the matters, powers, and provisions in this act contained, for the benefit and advantage of said road.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall destroy or diminish such securities or contrafts as have, been heretofore passed for money due to the said trustees of the said road, or any of them, and which are hereby declared to be veiled, and are accordingly vested in the said last named commissioners, for the purpose of cajrying this present act into execution, or fuel; securities, contrafts, or other engagements as have been heretofore passed or entered into, or remain actually due by the said former trustees, to the creditors or persons holding the fame or entitled thereto, upon the faith of the said several acts of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, in case any of the said commissioners shall happen to die, or by writing under his or their hand and seal, refuse to act as commissioners under this act, that then and in such cases, it shall

J

and. may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, during the continuance of this act, to elefl in the room of such person or persons so deceased or refusing, and so on from time to time, one or more fit or able person or persons to be joined with the surviving commissioners in the execution of this act, so as that the whole number of the said commissioners shall amount in

1

Xffje thirty-iiinih T*ear 6f George III. .3 3 3

number to sixty five, and no more} and that a meeting or A.D. board shall be'had "of any nine or more of the said commis- l7^9*

CiT3|T.C’2

floners, the first Monday in any-month, for the election of such person’ or persons after the passing of this act} and that j^oTmea the said commissioners shall affetnble between the hours of i»gfor *.Ue-twelve and two o’clock in the afternoon, on the first Monday in the next or any Succeeding month, after the passing of this act, at the town of Fcrmoy, in the county of Cork,

of which the treasurer of the said road shall give due notice, treasurer and the said commissioners shall adjourn themselves, and "°Vce

J 7 ot meeting:

afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places in or commission-

near the said road, as the said commissioners, or any fi ve ?'rs ay ad*

1 7 J jotion;

or more of them shall think convenient-.} and if it shall hap- w,h<?n com.

pen that there shall not appear at any meeting or board so to be had, or which shall be appointed from time to time treasurermay 'to be had or held by the said commissioners, a sufficient fortnight, number of commissioners to ad at such meeting, or to ad-

journ to any other day } then and in such case, the said treasurer shall have power, and is hereby authorized to adjourn the said board or meeting to any house or place convenient to said road on that day fortnight, upon which such last meeting or board was' appointed to have been held, and Of which adjournment such treasurer’is hereby required to give idue notice.

V. Provided nevertheless, That previous to such election, 7 «»)?»-

r tice of time

after every such vacancy’shall have been declared as afore- and place <*£ said, notice of the time and place of holding every such election, signed by the said treasurer, shall be published in one of the moll public newspapers of the city of Cork, and shall be also pofled upon every pay-gate erected, or to be erected on said road, seven days previous to the day appointed for such election.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 9oron=

_, , commission.

That any nine or more of the said commissioners shall be ers shall bea deemed a sufficient board to do and perform any ad or deed o°herwifedir necessary for said road, in pursuance of this act* not herein re<sted* otherwrife specially directed and pointed out to be done by a -greater number.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Majority of

r , , 13, or mo *.

That the majority of any thirteen or more,-but no lesser may appoint rnumber of the said commissioners, whp shall assemble at any at jdfayear; Vox. XIX. 4 -P imeeting

334

VjThe khirty*mnth *Ytar bf George III.

Chap. 5:

and may re miove him, -&c.

A.D.

meeting- after the pilling df Khis ad,: pursuant to notice to 1799. r be given as dforef&id,‘ shall and may appoint a treasurer at a yearly* falaryr not v exceeding1 fifty pounds sterling, and shall and: may* from time to time remove any such treasurer, and appoint another treasurer in his Head,' and in case of the death on resignatiom of any such treasurer, shall and may,

J in like manner, appoint another treasurer, and so' from time *to lime as oc call on shall or may require.

VIII.-Provided always, That every;person who shall be appointed treasurer before1 he shall be capable of acting as such,:-shall give* Security,v to be’ lodged in the chief remembrancer’s bffice of the court of exchequer, in a funr not less than- one thousand pounds'for the* faithful ‘discharge of his office, and for his duly accounting: for and paying all money the shall from time to time receive *as treasurer, as anjrthir-

vlOOCl. fc-ocurity to be givch by i treasurer;

*-teen or more, but no lesser number Of the Taid commissioners assembled together, pursuant to ’this -ad, shall direct and appoint for the uses and purposes herein after 'mentioned j and treasurer to every such treasurer shall'keep 'such books of account, and -4ircaed!,k* *n manner as the said commissioners, 'or any thirteen or -more of ’them, from time to time, at their Taid meeting, shall direct and point- out.

Road may IX. /And' to' keep the said road in repair the more effee-U' tually, <be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any ons, at places njne COromissionef s or more, but no lesser number of the fafti

neicin men-

uuned; - commissioners, shall and may, and they of the majority of the said- number, or of any greater number -who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to this act, are hereby authorized and empowered to divide the said road into three divisions, the first whereof to begin at the red’forge at the v bottom of Dublin-hill, in the north liberties ti( the city of Cork, and to terminate at a turnpike-gate'to be erected at or near the south end of the village of *Watergr£fs-hill, which; Southern di- shall be called the southern divi'fion, the pay-cate’for which

VlilOll J J o

division shall be erected at the junction of the Dublin and Ballyhoely roads, near the city of Cork on one side, and at or near the said4g.ite, at the-village of Watergrafs-hill on the other; the second division to commence from the termina-middled'- tion of the said first or southern division, and to end at a ‘"n’ turnpike-gate to be erected at or near the sixteen mile stone,

-as the fame, is now placed on the north "fide of the town of

8 Fermoy,

The thirty ±mnth Year George TIL 335

Fermoy, and which shall be called the middle division, the A.D.

pay-gate for'said centre divisidjMto be the said gate to be 1799.

' erected at the 'village'of Watergrafs-hill, on the one side, and the said gate to be et-edied ©n the north fide of Fermoy

en the other; and the third division thereof to commence at northern d>-

the termination' of said middle division, and to end -at the turnpike*gate or dream that* divides the counties of Cork and Tipperary, and which shall be called the northern division

: and the pay-gateTor 'said ndrthern^division to be the said; gate on1 the north fide of;Fermoy on the one side, and the ssaid lad mentioned gate at the other-

-X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ’from and after the passing*of this act, rit shall and may be housesmay Uawfultoand for the said commissioners, or any nine or more - of*them, < or>such person- or persons as they shall authorize

and appoint, to edablifhor-erect, or cause to be -edabltshed toll»j

or erected, one or mofe pay-gate or rpay-gates, upon and across any ’part or parts of the said-road, and to build, hire,

i«r rent- a toll-house convenient to every such pay-gate, ^and *at every such- pay-gate in each of said divisions, by such person or-person s-as they or^ny-five or mure of them shall appoint collectors or gate-keeper6, to demand, -receive, and take the tolls and duties following, ’before uny bead or carriage shall be permitted to go-through the fame, and at every fdiedafe*«f 'such-pay«gate to afiik and-erect a schedule of the fold 'tolls and duties to-be tpainted on a board or boards in legible -

characters, that is-to say,-'for every coach, landau, chariot, for

coach

<<chaife, phaeton, cabriole, ‘jaunting ear, curricle, or chair, drawn by 6 if dr-awn by-six or more horses, ’or other beasts, the sum of >two shillings and eight;pence halfpenny.; if drawn by three 8^d* or'four horses brother beads, the sum of two millings and k-two'pence; if drawn by two hotfes'or other -beads, the sum drawn by 2, of one shilling and-one penny anddf drawn by one horse rs- ;d-or-other beast, the sum of sixpence halfpenny; for every ^wnby *’ horse, -mar,e, gelding, afs or mule, loaden or unloaden, the every horse, -sum of one -penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, *j0*cn or -cows, or neat-cattle, the sum of two shilling's and sixpence

-by the score, nnd so in proportion for any greater or letter number; and for every drove of calves, (beep, lambs, goats, ‘core*

-or pigs, the sum of one shilling and eight pence by the score, f and so in proportion for any greater or letter number; and fcorei

4 P 2 for

33^ xIhe thirty~mi'iih Year ^ GeorgeHI,

A. IX for every Rage coach, fiage-landau, ;stage*chariot, chaise, <tr diligence, employed in earring 'passengers, paying respectively for their feats double the lolls hereby enabled to be paid by any other coaches, landaus, chariots, or chaises, in lieu and scad of all and every toll to which the same are now subject by any act of parliament heretofore enabled.

XI. Provided always, 'That no car, waggon, or single horse, shall be liable to pay any of the‘tolls herein before

‘799

’ Chap. 5 2

douMe <Uity for llage -^coaches, &c.

' Carp, Kc. to wvl from Ballyhooly

not to l’ayat mentioned at such gate so to be erected, at the rjun£lion of

atc at junc- ° J

lion of Dub-

' \m and Bally-" Locly roado.

d. per ^horse drawing waggons,

-&c. &c. with Shoeing, streaki, &c.

as herein de-. feribed;

the Dublin and Ballyhooly roads, if such car, waggon, or single horse shall have come by said road leading from or to Ballyhooly aforesaid.

XII. And whereas much injury has arisen to the said road from the improper construction of wheels, cars, and other carriages, and it is expedient that the tolls on such wheels, shall bear a more equal proportion to the damage they may do to the road, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to demand and take by such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, or timber carriage, moving on rollers, with flat furfaccs, whose fellies shall be sixteen inches on each side of the (hoeing or streaks thereof, and which (hoeing or fireaks ‘shall be set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, which shall not project above the surface or level of such streaks or (hoeing, and that such streaks or (hoeing shall be flat, and sixteen inches or more in breadth, the sum of one halfpenny for every horse or bcaft drawing the fame*, for -every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the foals and (hoeing of the fellies shall be flat, and of the breadth of nine inches or more, and that the streaks and (hoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, which shall not project above the surface or level of such streaks or (hoeing, and that such streaks or (hoeing shall be stat, and nine inches or more in the breadth; and if the fore-axle shall be so much shorter or longer than the hind axle, that the wheels thereof shall roll a double surface of at least sixteen inches on each and either fide, the' sum of one halfpenny for every horse or beast drawing the fame; if the streaks or (hoeing of the wheels shall-be set on

-in

-W'fJe thirty‘ninth TfearvfXytorge Til. 3$

in like mariner, and shall be nine flat inches acroft the shoe- A.D. irrg, the sum of one halfpenny for every horse or beast draw-ing the fame, if the flreaks or shoeing of the wheels shall be set ott'in like manner, and shall less than nine inches, but not less than seven inches across the foals; and if the when ^fore-axle shall be so much longer or shorter than the hind- herein^"'-axle, that"the wheels thereof shall roll a donble surface of

at lead twelve inches bn each and either fide the sum of

one penny for every horse or beast drawing the fame; if the w|,

'"streaks or shoeing of the wheels shall be set on in like man- conihuitcdsK

0 herein;

'ri'er, and shall be 'less than nine inches, but not less than lseven inches, and &all not roll a double surface of at least 'twelve indhes, one penny halfpenny for every horse or beast drawing the fame; if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels ,id. when 'shall be set dn in like manner, and shall be less than seven ‘onitnift-si a*

' , hcititf;

iiiches, but tidt jess than‘fix, and if {be fore-axle shall be To

much longer dr thorter tliati (he hind-axle, that the wheels

thereof shall rdll a double surface df at ‘least ten inches, the

fort* df one penny halfpenny for dvery hoffe or beast drawing

the fame; if ihe streaks or shoeing dfthe wheels shall be set 2cL 'v/hru

on in like manner, and shall be left than seven inches, but herein,

not less than six inches, and shall not rdll a double surface

df ten ittebes on either fide, die Turn of two pence for every horse or beast drawing the fame; If the streaks or flioeing of 3d wIich con-

the wheels shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than firt indites, but not left than five inches, the sum of

three pence for every horse or beast drawing the fame-; if 4d. when cost-

the streaks or flioeing shall he set on in Hke manner, and hereto?*

shall be less than five-inches, but not left ^than 'four indies,

'the sum df four pence for every horse or beast drawing the fame; if the streaks or shoeing of the Wheels shall be set on ejd.whm in like manner, and shall be left than four inches, the sum of fixperice halfpenny for every horse or beast drawing the fame; if any of the shoeing or streaks of any of the wheels1 of any is. id when such carriage Hull not be flat, or shall be set on with d *s

high or sprig-headed nails, bolts or fcreWs, or with any nails, -bolts or fevews, not being counter-funk and flat-headed, or which shall projedi above the level or surface of such ftffeaks or flioeing, the sum of one shilling and one penny for every horse or beast drawing the same.

Vol. XIX. 4 Q? XIII. Provided

Only 2cl. for a car with wheels con* fljucted as ' herein

/ 2 years *a!low-cd for owners of cars, &c. to provide wheels, &c. as tick ribed

: toll not to - exceed 4H. a car, after 2 years.

55. 5d. additional to be tid for every’ horse drawing a flag?, &c. having more than 6 inlide

or 4 otitfule

pafiengtu.

Situation of pay-gates may be altered, oiid others

-aide j;

The thirty-ninth

XIII.Provided always, That for every-car whose v(heek Yho.ll be three-flat inches in breadth across the foal or tier, or shall be formed orput on so as to turn round the a-xlertree, and

whose axletrce shall be-fixed on so as not to turn round with

«»_

the wheels, the sum of two-pence only, 'and no more shall be demanded or taken at any gate, or any part of the said road, for any horse or other beast drawing the fame, if the flreaks or (hoeing of such wheels be flat, and set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails,-bolts or ferews, and which shall not project above the surface or level of such fireaks or (hoeing: provided nevertheless, That two years time from the passing this act shall be allowed to all persons travelling with cars and other carriages on the said-road, to provide and supply themselves with wheels of the breadth, conflruc-tion and dimensions herein before described, before any penalty or additional toll shall be levied 'for default thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise not-; withstanding; and also provided, that from and after the expiration of the said two years, the said tolls shall not exceed four pence for every such car as aforesaid, (instead of one shilling and one penny) any thing herein -contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the abthority aforesaid, That from and after tho passing of this act, and during the continuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said collectors or gate keepers so to be appointed as aforesaid, to demand, receive and take at each and every pay gate aforesaid, for every stage coach, and other carriage plying or conveying persons for hire, which shall convey at any one time, upon any part of the said road, more than fix persons within fide, or more than four persons besides the driver, upon the outside of any such coach or other carriage, the sum of five shillings and five pence for every horse or other bead drawing the fame, in addition -to the toll herein before direified to be paid, every time such coach or other carriage shall pass through any of said gates.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any nine or more of said commissioners, who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to this act, to alter the situation of all or any of the pay gates within any of the divisions of the said road, and to add

other pay-gate or pay-gates on and across any part or 08 parts

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

parts of the present line thereof, or of any new line or lines of road wliidh shall be made purfu.mt to this act, as from time to time they shall think necessary or expedients provided nevertheless. That if the tolls of said road Yhould be leased or rented, the -consent of fuel) lessee or Tenter shall be first obtained, and -not otherwise, and to build, hire or rent a toll-house for every such pay-gate, and there by their collectors ot gate-keepers, To to be appointed as aforesaid, to demand, receive and take the tolls and duties which by this act they are herein before authorized to demand, receive and take.

XVI. Provided always, That Toll shall not he demanded from the same person at more than one pay-gate within the same division, 'in any one day, and that there shall not be more than three divisions of the said entire Toad, leading from the city of Cork to the Brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth Mountain.

XVII. And be *it further enacted, That mo passenger or passengers with the fame cattle and carriage, 'shall be liable to pay any of the said toHs or duties more than once in any one day within the same divHion, on the contrary, that every passenger or passengers who shall have paid toll once, in any one division, shall be permitted during the remainder of the fame day, to be computed from twelve o’clock aTjUight. to twelve o’clock the fuceceding night, to pass and repals toll free, through every gate in the fame division, with the fame cattle and carriage, on producing a ticket of having before bn that day paid such toll, and containing fudl other matters as are herein required, Tespecting the same* which ticket every cotledtor is required to give gratis, on receiving the toll he-is herein before entitled to demand, upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omission or refusal, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the county in which the offence shall be committed, or before any one of the said commissioners, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine such complaint, and to administer oaths for that purpose.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's army on a march, or any detahti-ment, or corps of cavalry or infantry, with their ordinary baggage and artillery, having a rout, or carrying orders or

4 Q, 2 expresses,

hut If leased

the consent of lefice be obtained.

Only I payment in each division on fame day.

Passengers Avith fame cattle and car. miages to pay but once a ‘day, ia each -division, on producing tickets;

tolle&ors to give tickets on receipt of tolls* penalty

5s-

Army on duty not liable to pay tolls i

- or<Jnar*£; horses and

T’/.d thirty-ninth George XXI.

expresses, Thall not be liable to pay any of the tolls afore-Taid, but tli^t all carriages, horses or other beads, employee! in transporting any ordnance (lores, and cavalry horses, going to join, or not mounted or accoutred, all quarter master carriages wd generil’s and comtnissary general’s (lores and provisions, with njouiitid or or without a guard, and all officers and soldiers travelling as individuals, and pajling through any of the gates on the or com. gen. fairl road, shall be ‘ liable to, tmd shall pay the toils aforesaid

flores, and

individual respectively.

iokiitrs nlaii X(X. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Taid, That if any collector or toll gatherer, whether ap-

4c?. Pdial

tv on collar- pointed by the said commissioners, or by any person taking

*or foi nr£-Ieciing duty.'

any of the tolls by lease or contract, or any person acting as such, shall permit any carriage, horse, or beast whatsoever, to pass through any pay-gate, "without payment of the tolls :payable for the fame, by virtue of this act, or a proper certificate, as herein directed, being produced therewith, and shall omit to feise such car, carriage or beast, or shall delay *to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law directs for such offence, or ffidll omit to detain any car, cart or other carriage, and prevent the passing through the gates, knowing that the driver thereof has obstructed the execution of this act in any^reCpeft; every person To offending, shall upon, conviction, forfeit the funi of forty shillings.

XX. Provided always, That nothing 'herein contained shall exempt or excuse any other passenger or passengers travelling with the fame cattle or carriage, for which toll hath been To paid as aforesaid; on the contrary, every ftidi other ^passenger or passengers shall be subject to pay toll, even though travelling with the Tame cattle and carriage for which toll had been before paid on the fame day, and in the fame division: provided also, That the fame cattle and ear-iiage for which toll had been before paid, shall not, on re- turning without passengers through the fame division in any one day, be liable to the payment of doll a second time.

No gfttc to

XXI. And provided also, That it shall not be lawful to

be ereflctl

within mile erect any pay-gate, or to demand, receive or take any or chan^of the said tolls or duties, nearer to the city of Cork than one Cork, nor mile, measuring from the exchange of said city, by the mod

within half a 0 n '

mile of Rath—ufued-and direct course; or nearer to the towns of Rath-

cornxuck,

Carriages 'rvhii cythvr nge rs ‘ shall pay

jigii.’n, on day.

The thbiy-niklh Year a/* George III. 34.1

cormuck, Ffermoy Or Kilworth, in the county of* Cork, or A.D.

to either of them than half a mile, measuring from the re- ,.799*(

spective market-houses of each of the said towns, any thing_herein before contained to the contrary, in any wise not- y*yk,or withstanding. Kilworth.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any passenger or passengers shall, at any pay-

gate of the said road, refuse to pay the toll to which he, she levicdtqrdif-or they is, are or shall be subject, pursuant to this act, it shall be lawful for the said collector or gate-keeper thereof, so to be appointed as aforesaid, to levy the said toll, by distress of the beast or beads, or carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, and to detain such beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or ;goods and chattels, until such toll, with the reasonable eofts and charges of such distress shall be paid; and if the fame roikaor*i«y ‘shall not bfe paid within four days, it shall be lawful for such collector or gate-keeper to fell the distress by public auction, at any time after the expiration of the said four days, rendering the overplus, (if any) to the owner on de-marid, after deduding the iaid toll and the full expence of such distress and foie.

XXIII. And be it Further enacted by the authority afore- 10L Penalty said, That if any person or persons shall forceably go or ^,0paifcfor-'pass, with any bea’ft or carriage, through any pay-gate of cibl>' J

the said road, without paying the toll by this act required,

Of without producing such ticket as aforesaid, or shall know- oraffmltor ingly or designedly assault, interrupt or obstruct any of the gate-keepers or collectors in collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, dr otherwise, in the execution of his or their said employment, or shall injure any pay-gate, toll-house, globes, or -lamps, mile stones, schedule of tolls, or other abstract, facteskclobt’’ ' which pursuant to this act, or by order of the said commis-'ftoners, shall be erected or placed upon, or near the said road. Or any part thereof, or shall interrupt any overseer or interrupt acting by order of the said commissioners, in the execution overseer,i of any past of this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, alter, r forge or deliver to, or receive from any other person or persons, any f'audaiwt^i tiote 'Ot ticket with intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof; every person who shall

1

34* thirty-plinth Year of George III.

A.D.

be convicted of so doing, by the oath of one credible wit-1799. ness, before any judice of the peace for the county wherein such offence shall be committed, or before any one of the said commissioners, shall for every such offence forfeit and 5"’ t?‘ed*7 Pay fom ten Poun's ftcrlipg; and it shall be lawful until wheel* -ior. every of the said eoHedlors, gate-keepers, and all and are measured, other person or persons by him or them authorized, to detain at any pay-g^te every car, cart or other carriage; whereupon the toll payable varies, according to the breadth of the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels, and to meagre the fame, and the said collectors, gate-tkeepers, and all and every other person or persons by him or them authorized to flop " and measure the wheels of every such car or carriage on any part of the said road j and if any driver or other person shall hinder or refuse to permit such collector, or such other person to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall " be convicted thereof, upon the oath of any credible witness, before any judice of the peace for said county., or before any "ondnvCT^&c onc the said commissioners, -every such person^shall for— for preventing feit the sum of forty (hiliin-gs, and that the owner of any

wheels from

! measured; waggon, wain, dray, cart, - or other carnage, or Of any horse, ox, cow, calf, (beep, lamb, goat, pig, or other beads, or being the driver thereof, and travelling on any 5]. penalty part of -said road, shall drive or turn out of the fame into on owner or any other road, in order to avoid paying toll, and shall afterwards proceed with such carriages or beads, in or on any part of said road, such person being owner shall forfeit five pounds derling, and if he be the driver, and not the owner, shall forfeit.fifty shillings derling $ and it shall be lawful for every of the said collectors or gate-keepers, and all and every other person or persons by him or them authorized and required, to seize the bead or beads,1 carriage or carriages, and the goods thereon of the person or persons so offending, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants offending and thereof, and to br*ng them before such judice of the peace, bead* and car- or one commissioner, who is, and are hereby authorized and required to enquire into and determine the said complaint, fortTajutiice and to adraihider oaths for that purpose j and if the party or parties so convicted shall not pay the said penalty, together with such toll as shall be due, it shall be lawful for such justice, or one commissioner, and he and they is and are hereby

turning off the road to avoid turn* pike, 508. if ot owner;

I

¥b* thirty-ninth IT ear rf George III. 343

hereby required by warrants under his or their hand and seal, A.D. or hands and seals, to cause the beast or bealls, carriage or carriages, or goods so di ft rained, to be Told, and out of the money thereby arising to pay the Taid penalty and toTl, together with the charges attending such distress and Tale, to ^jj? for^ be ascertained by such justice,' or one commissioner, render- Si*!"" ing the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of such distress, or to the person or persons in whoTe care or possession the fame respectively was or were when seized j and if distress sufficient for payment of said pe- offendem may nalty, tell, and charges, shall not have been seized, such justice, or such one commissioner, shall and may, and he not sufficient. and they is, and are hereby required to commit the person or persons so convicted to the common gaol, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, unless he or they shall sooner fully pay the said penalties, toft* and charges.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it ftiaill be lawful for the commissioners, or any of them, or for such person or persons as shall be authorized by them to flop at every toil-gate of the said road any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage of burden, or the driver of any cattle which shall have passed during the fame day through any pay-gate on the said road, to require Carriage*

-_. and cattle

the driver or person attending the same to produce the ticket maybeftop-which he or she shall have received at such pay-gate for the toll paid for the same; and if such driver or person shall ne- duced« gled or refuse to produce such ticket Immediately on demand, ticket* do or if such- ticket, when produced, shall not certify the whole the whole7 toll payable for she Tame, by virtue of this act* it shall be lawfdl for such person to Teize and distrain the said horse, or bedlflmined, other beast and carriages, with all the goods and dhattels thereon, and such horse or horsea, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or other goods and chattels, may be detained until the toll prescribed by this adi for the same shall be paid, with the reasonalile charges of such distress and detaining, and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the person who shall have seized to sell the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to she owner or driver 011 demand, after payment of the said toll, and the "full expences of the said distress, detaining, and sale.

4 R 2 XXV. And

I

344

A.D.

/799-Chap. 51.

los. penalty on owner or occupier of ground, near a pay-gate, permitting cattle, &c. to pass through, to avoid turnpike.

Commissioner* may t\e€t

a surveyor

- duty of surveyor

funreyor*® friary not I# exceed 20L

The thirty-ninth 'Tear of ' George III.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate erected, 6'r jo be erected in pursuance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise, knowingly or wilfully permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, passage, or way, on his or their land, with any beast, cattle, ,or carriage, to avoid the payment of the toll to which such beast, cattle, or carriage would be subject on passing through any pay-gate on the said road, and be thereof convicted upon oath of any one credible witness, before any one of the said commissioners, or any justice of the peace of the county wherein any such offence shall be committed, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender, warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, or one commissioner, rendering the overplus (if any, after deduding the said forfeiture, and the charges attending such distress and sale) to the owner on demand.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any nine or more of them, who shall assemble at any meeting, pursuant to this act, to elect and appoint a fit and proper person to act as a surveyor of the said road, who shall report in writing, from time to time, upon oath to the said commissioners, as often as thereunto required, the state and condition of the said road, and of the turnpike gates, bridges, and sewers thereon, and what repair shall appear to him to be necessary to the said road, bridges, and sewers, or any part thereof, and on such survey, or laying before the board an affidavit to be by him from' time to time sworn before a justice of the^peace for the county in which the fame‘is situate, or any one of said commissioners, that he hath properly and diligently attended jo, and discharged his duty, to appoint such salary -to be paid to such surveyor for the true and faithful performance of his office, as they shall think fit, -not exceeding the annual sum of twenty pounds.

1799' Chap. 5a.

i 3 or more

c) mrv’lTi >ikts may tk m:fe toll:, ami may contract for

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 34?

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- A.D. J laid. That the treasurer or treasurers who shall be appointed purs*ant to this ail, shall, out of the money to a rife by the said tolls, in the first place pav the cxnenees of procur- E< pences of

1 .1 tms act to be ing this act, and shall also from time to time pay all other paid out of

ncceir.iry ends and charges which shall be incurred by'carry- arifjg!

-ing the fame, and the fever.tl clauses, powers, and provisoes thereof, from time to time, into due execution during the continuance thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority a'fbrc-said, That the said commiihoners, or any thirteen or more of them, who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to this

shall and may from time to time, by public cant, or rcPilirsoflo-u!

J \ ‘ on givlw r 14.

otherwise, demise and make a lease or leases of the said days notice in

til' Q )rT,

tolls of the said road, or any part thereof, to the highest kvfpapk and befl bidder or bidders, for any term they shall think arul Poftm5

' J on every g.ttc;

proper during the continuance of this ail, and shall and may also from time to time, by public cant, or otherwise, contrail with any person or persons who shall be the bell bidder or bidders, for the repair of the said road, or of any part thereof, for such term as they shall think proper, rot exceeding the term aforesaid; provided always, that notice of the intention to demise the said tolls, or any part thereof, or to contrail for the repair of the said road, or of any part thereof, shall be printed in the Cork newspaper, and polled on every pay-gate of the said road, fourteen-days previous to every such demise or contrail: and provided also, That every person who shall become tenant to the said tolls, or any part thereof, or who shall contrail for the repair of the said road, or any part thereof, shall give security to be approved of by security thirteen or more of the said commissionets, and to be lodged j^ian^'and with the Ireasurer of the said road, for the payment of such coinrudors

v . for repairs.

rent, or the performance of such contrail as he or they shall contrail-or agree to pay, and not otherwise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any thirteen or more of them, who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to this ail, shall and may, by writing under their hands and foals, from time to time, appoint a law-agent or attorney for trans-ailing the law business necessary to be transacted under this ail, and shall and may, from time to time, remove any such law-agent or attorney, and appoint another

I 3 or more corhrniiTioiiev5 -may appoint or remove h\v-a<rent;

treasurer to pay law-cgenth’ cods,

'The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

law-agent or attorney in his {lead; and in case of the death or resignation of any such law-agent or attorney, shall and may, in like manner, appoint another law-agent or attorney, and so from time to time as occasion shall or may require, and from time to time to order the treasurer of the said road to pay the said law-agent or attorney his bills of

taxcd they arC costs after they shall have been taxed by the chief remembrancer of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, and not otherwise, and the receipt of such law-agent or attorney for the fame, shall be a sufficient voucher for the said treasurer, on palTing his account with the said commissioners.

So much of

XXX. And whereas it would facilitate the intercourse be-

the road from

Lower Gian- tween the cities of Cork and Dublin, if the road leading

Watergraii-10 from the city of Cork to Watergrafs-hill, by way of Lower

In^mcnUoned" Glanmire, were improved and kept in repair; be it thereof bth Part ^ore ena<^e<^ by the authority aforesaid, That so much of -division. said road as leads from Lower Glanrcire-bridge to Watergrafs-hill aforesaid, and which {trikes in upon, and joins the present road, between the said Lower Glanmirc Bridge and Watergrafs-hill, at or near the five mile stone on said road, shall be included in, and considered part of the southern division of said turnpike-road, leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth Mountain, and that the said road, between Lower Glanmire-bridge, and the point at which the said intended new line of Toad will join the old one, near the five mile {tone/aforesaid, shall be subject to all the provisians and regulations in this act contained and enacted, concerning the said turnpike road.

XXXI. And whereas in order to provide for the said repairs of the said road, by way of Lower Glanmire, it will be necessary that turnpike gates should be ©reded thereon, and, the tolls herein mentioned, collected thereat, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners herein before named, or any five or more be £"1 ^em, or ^or any person or persons by them authorized fween Lower for that purpose, to ered one pay-gate or toll-house between bridge a»d Lower Glanmire-bridge, and that part of said road which that part {trikes in upon, and joins the present turnpike road between the

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

the city of Cork and Watergrafs-hill aforesaid: Provided the said pay-gate or toll-house shall not be ete£led, or placed nearer to said Lower Glanmire-bridge than half a mile at the north weft fide of the fame, and that all and every the tolls herein before enacted, to be payable within the southern division of the said turnpike road, shall be paid and payable at said gate, in Inch manner as herein before enabled.

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to empower the commissioners herein before named, or any of them, or any person or persons by them authorised, or any collector or gate-keeper on the said Lower Glanmire road, or the said present turnpike road, to ask for, or demand greater or more frequent tolls upon the said road, so leading from Cork to Watergrafs-hill, by way of-Lower Glanmire-bridge, than are hereby enabled to be paid, and payable from said city to Watergrafs-hill aforesaid, by way of the southern division of said turnpike road herein before limited and appointed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who shall from time to time be appointed by the said commissioners to repair the said road, or any part thereof, and such person or persons who shall be by him or them for that purpose employed, shall have full power and authority to dig for, search, raise, and carry away all such gravel, stones, sand, or other materials, which shall or may be wanted for the repair of the said road, and for carrying off the water, and to prevent its injuring the said road, to make drains in or throdgh the lands of any person or persons, not being a deer-park, haggard, yaTd, planted lawn, or avenue to a mansion-house, or orchard, which shall have been planted for the space of fe-yen years previous to such alteration; provided always, That such person or persons so appointed to repair, shall from time to time make satisfaction to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage he, she, or they shall thereby sustain by private compact, after such damage shall have been sustained, or in case they shall disagree with respect to the amount thereof, then that such damage shall be assessed by three substantial householders of the county wherein such damage shall have arisen, one to be^named by each of the parties, and the third by any neighbouring justice of the

4 5a peace.

347

A.D.

1799-Chap. 5 a.

which (lrike* m on turnpike road, at herein dire died.

No greater or more fre* quest tolls to be paid than are payable for the southern division.

Power* lb

dig for and carry away materials for road and tb do other matters relative t* it*

satisfaction lb owner* of

lands;

j iJ

<lhe

ihir ly-r.

air

of George III.

A.D.

1 7 ) :> Chap. 52

wliei! oxvnrrs

ol h n.! ! a.e

tin fa T ] , ried

r/fVi Ct’ 5

b_* a i'P oi tiled

mui I A .:n

p! ic ,*s;

whir a ro.*»; s

iinl! iii 11 be

~t nor

\n *it< ip Is raif-

Cvl, Without

peace, vchich persons so to he nominated, shall be (worn by fuel) justice to*be apprnifers of such damage, and to make a true estimate thereof, to the befi: of their skill'nnd judgment, without favour to either party; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any person to lay out or make a new read through any part of any'ce-. mesne or deer-park, or to widen any old road into any demesne or deer-park, or to search for gravel or other materials, in any demesne or deer-park, if such dernefne or deer-park shall be enclosed with a Tone wall made with lime and sand, of the height of six feet at the least, without the consent of the owner being first obtained in writing under his hand.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall obstruct or prevent any person appointed by, or adding under the said com-51. prnnhy nsissioners, in repairing the said road, or any part thereof,

forobltruct- ’. 1

i:ig persons from digging for raiflpg or drawing away gravel, {tones, road.'>5°n sand, or other materials, necessary for such repairs, or from making such drains as aforesaid, shall, upon conviction by the oath of one credible witness, before any one justice of the peace of the county in which such offence shall have been committed, or before any one of the said commissioners, forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by the warrant of such justice, or one commissioner, by distress and sale of the goods of the offender or offenders, together with the' charges attending such distress and sale, to be ascertained by such justice, or one commissioner, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand.

XXXV. And whereas it is necessary for the better management of said road, that the drains on the fides thereof shall be under the controul of the said commissioners, or of the person or persons authorized by them to keep the said Scouring, road in repair; be it therefore enacted, That if any person deepening and shall scour, deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch, or d.vLTnd any Part any ^ra’n or flitch on the fide of any part of drains. the said road, without the order of the said commissioners, or of the person or persons authorized to keep the said road in repair, that then and in such case it may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or the person or persons autlio-6 - rized-

0

'The thirty-ninth Year George III.

rized by them, to keep the road in Tepair, to cauTe the Tame "to Be filled up or scoured, as he or they may think fit, and

to take for such purpose such earth or other materials as may

h>e most convenient, whether in the adjoining field or otherwise, and to levy the expence thereof by distress and sale of the goods of such person.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

Taid, That for every car load of Tcouring or earth thrown M. per]oai out of any drain or ditch on the said road, and which /shall p«-day. for

(court ng or

be drawn away by the said commissioners, or by any person earth throw* or persons authorized by them to keep the said road in repair, or their order, the owner or occupier of the land mo7eiu which such ditch or drain divides from the said road shall, upon conviction, forfeit the sum of one shilling for every day the same shall have remained thereon, after notice duly served to remove the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority rrforesaid, That any person who shall turn or make way for any water to go upon, or over any part of the said road, or into trenches by the fide of any part of the said road, without first having made a sufficient drain or drains to carry

ofif such water, so that it shall not injure any part of the jl Penalty said road, or who shall pull out, remove, or injure the foun- waterTnroad, dation, or any other wall or fence to any course, or who shall

of an; quarry, pit.

r into

part of any bridge or fewer, or any trenches

hole, river, or water- out making injure any milestone or direction post, injuring a or who shall build any house, or part of a house, within 'forty1-five feet of the centre of any part of the said road, &c* or who shall build any wall, or make any ditch within thirty or building feet of the centre of any part of the said road, or who shall tanc« herein build any windmill, or make any rope walk within one mentlo";dr Irundred yaids of any part of the Paid road, or who shall -remove any of "the materials which shall be prepared For fill- or removing ing any ditch, or part df a ditch, or who shall destroy or take down any part of the bank or banks which arc or shall banks;

be raised between any part of the said road and the drains and trenches, on either fide of the said road, or who shall make or have any way or passage from the Taid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath ortmking such passage or way, as deep' as the drain or ditch over such way or passage, of breadth and heighth -sufficient to allow

K

x:x.

:r

all

or burning brick*, weeds, See within loo feet of centre;

person s who keep dogs, as herein

or winnow ..corn

or lay draw, Sec. on road, or fempe gravel, See. or ilig any pit, See.

or lay turf;

or carriages, ploughs, See. without beads theieto, cx-. ccpt as herein;

or plant trees

within 50 feet of centre

or injure footpaths, or ride, thereon

or injure horse-blocks;

or spread

winnowing ckths within 100 feet of centre 5

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pass, or who shall burn, or suffer to be burned on his or her lands, pricks, lime, weeds, or vegetable substance for allies, within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, every person so offending shall, for every fuel) offence, upon being convicted thereof by confession of the party, or by the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace of the county wherein such offence shall be committed, or before any one of the said commissioners, or upon the view of such justice or one commissioner, forfeit the Turn of five pounds; and that any person who shall keep or have in his or her poflelTion, any cur-dog, mastiff, or bulldog, at any house within fifty yards of the said road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the least, faf-tened to the neck of every such dog, or who shall winnow or lay out for winnowing any corn on the said road, or within fifty feet of the centre thereof, or who shall lay any, straw, dung, or rubbish on the said road, or who shall ferape the gravel or stones from off any part of the said road, or who shall scour or dig any pit, ditch, or drain, or lay any turf on any part of the said road, or who shall leave on any part of the said road, between enclosure and enclosure, or permit to be left thereon, opposite or near his or her house, any carriage, plough, or harrow, without having the beast or beasts for drawing the fame harnessed thereto, save and except such carriages as shall be actually travelling with a passenger or passengers, or baggage, the property of passengers which shall flop to change horses, and which shall not continue more than one hour, or such carriage as shall have been accidentally broken down, and cannot be removed without repair, or who shall set or plant any forest tree, or the feed of any such tree within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the said road; or wrho shall break down or injure any foot-path, on any part of the said road, or who shall ride, lead, or drive any horse or other beast, on any part of any such foot-path, or who shall injure any horse-block, or any other thing which shall be made, erected, or put upon any part of the said road for the use thereof, or for the convenience of travellers, or who shall spread out any linen, blankets, or cloth for w'innowing, within one hundred feet-of the centre of said road, or who shall beat

6

or

i

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 351

or dry any flax, or leave any timber, stones, sand, clay, A.D. lime, or other matter on the said road, except for the use of 1799.

said road j or who shall leave or permit to be left, the car-

Chap. 52.

case of any horse or other beast, or shall skin the fame, or cleave any

J # , matter on

permit it to be skinned within one hundred yards of the road, except centre of the said road, save in a house or place enclosed oHkinorLa* with walls five feet high at the lead, or who shall lead or carcafr<:s; drive on any part of the said road, any car or carriage with or drive car* timber, boards or iron laid across, so that either end thereof projeaing as shall projeCl beyond the wheels or fides of such car or car- liwuni riage, or on which shall be laid any beams, timber or plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or on carts or common cars so placed together, or drag rim-that such beams, timber or planks shall be laid lengthways done*;

thereon, or who shall drag any timber, or mill-stone along "any part of the said road, without being supported by wheels from touching the fame, or who shall erect any sign-post, oreredUign-‘may-pole, may-bush, or any turfflack, on any part of the pofl*’&c* &c' said road, every person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings upon being convicted thereof by the confession of the party, or by the oath of one all such of-credible witness, before any such justice of the peace or one 40S. commissioner, which penalties and forfeitures, with the costs and charges attending such conviction, to be ascertained by '

such justice or one commissioner, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or one commissioner, returning thxf overplus (if any) to the owner on demand.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority All Wf, aforesaid, That all turf, dung, dirt, firaw\ rubbish, stones, ja^the’ gravel, sand, lime, potatoes, corn, grain, cars, carriages or'r°a^.rt«ailbe timber, which shall be laid on the said read, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be forfeited to the commissioners of the said road, or to the person or persons so authorized by them as aforesaid, to keep said road in repair, and shall be by their or any of their order fold or otherwise disposed of, as they or any of them shall think fit for the use and benefit of the said road, and not otherwise.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- 2juftfc« said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two °r3 commit-

J J sioners may-

justices of the peace of the county, or any three or more of order walls t®

4 T 2 said

5351 'The thirty-ninth Year George III.

A.D.

said comriufiioners, or for such person or persons as bywat-

1799. rant under their hands and seals they shall authorize for 'that ' ChflD C 2 J

purpose, to pull down and level any wall, or part of a wall,

’ V PuI!ed, and to fill up any drain or ditch which shall be built or made

down, and 1

drains filled within thirty-five feet of the centre of any part' of "the said if^«>\vner» nc- road after the passing of this act, or that shall be built after gird after n any new ]jnc shall be laid out, and td lop or top all branches

i days notice; J 7 r r

overhanging, or which shall oveihang any part of the said road, and to take and carry away the fame, if the owners or occupiers shall neglect to pull down or level such wall,

- or to fill up such drain or ditch, or to cut down, such branches for twelve days after one month’s notice in writing shall be , previously given for that purpose, under the hand of any

magistrate or one commissioner; and if after such notice as aforesaid, the owners or occupiers shall neglect so to do, such justice or one commissioner, or such person or persons as by . warrant under his hand and seal he shall authorize, /hall

-and may take up any way or pa (fa ge leading from the said road into any adjoining field or land which shall obstruct the free passage of water, and to remake the fame by building a gutter, fewer, or arch thereon of a sufficient depth, and to scour and clean all drains for carrying off the water to vied'bj"d!f* Prevent its injuring the said road, and to pull down-and re-, ttefs. move any sign-post which shall be eretfted contrary to this act, and to levy tho expence of so doing by the distress and sale of the goods of the owner or occupier of the lands whereon such way, passage, drain, bushes or branches shall' fbe, rendering the overplus, (if any) to the owner, on demand.

months no-r lice

Houses and

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

lime kilns r J J

mnv be pulled That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners,t or for such person or persons as by warrant under their hands and seals, they or any . five or more of them shall authorize or appoint to pull down, or cause to be pulled down, any house or lime-kiln, or any part of either which: shall be built contrary to this act, and to levy the expence of so doing by distress and sale of the.goods of the person who shall cause the same to be ere<fled, if after two months notice in writing shall be previously given to the person who icreded the fame, hej (he or they shall tcfofe or neglect to

pull

t

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

pnTl down the fame, and that it shall and may be lawfol for any person to kill any dog which shall be kept contrary -to this act, without being sued or prosecuted for so doing.

XLI. And be it Further enacted, That if any person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, shall, by any negligence or willful misbehaviour, hinder or obflrud, or ititcr-‘rupt the passage of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's subjects on the said road, or being unloaded or empty, shall Tefufe or neglect to turn af.de, and make way for any -coach, carriage, chaise, loaded waggon, car, cart, dray, or other carriage being loaded, every such person so offending, on being convicted thereof by his own confession, or by the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace of the county where such offence shall be committed, or any one commissioner of the said road shall, for every such offence, if the owner of such carriage, forfeit the sum *bf ten shillings, and if not the owner thereof the sum of fire shillings, and upon non-payment thereof, shall by warrant tinder the hand and seal of such justice or one commissioner, be committed to the gaol or house of correction of the county wherein such offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard laboor for any time not exceeding one month, "unless such fine shall be sooner paid, and every such offender in any of the said cases may without any warrant be apprehended by any person whatsoever, and be by him conveyed or delivered to a constable, or other peace officer, to be conveyed before such justice, or one commissioner.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall refill or-forcibly oppose any person or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or shall assault any collector of the tolls in the due execution of his or their office or offices, or shall refeue, or attempt to refeue any cattle, carriage, or other goods that shall be distrained or seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable or sub-constable shall refnfe or ne-gled to execute any warrant to him directed by any justice, or any one commissioner, pursuant to this act, every person so offending, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace, or any one of the said commissioners, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one credible wit-Vol. XIX; 4 U ness.

355

A. r>.

i 799-Chap. 52.

dog* may be killed.

Penalty on owners or drivers of carriages fjr

obkrti^i’ifr

the p.tfla^c, or not turning aside if unloaded

such offenders may be apprehended without war-

rants.

Penalty on persons who *rfi(l the execution of this act, or conllat* bles not doing duty.

Penalties not otherwise directed shall be levied by distress, or offenders committed

application of fines.

Comnvifiion* er'i and justices may ad* ministeroatlis;

pet fons who a Hum or ivvear fJfely shall f.sfier as for perjury.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ness, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of such justice, or one commissioner; and if such fine shall not be immediately paid, such justice or one commissioner is, and are hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction wherein the offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not -exceeding six months, unless such fine shall be foomer paid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed pursuant to this act, the manner of levying and applying whereof are not hereby particularly dire<sted, shall and may be levied byxliftrefs and sale of the offender’s goods by warrant, under the hand and seal of any one of the said commissioners, or of any justice before whom the offender shall be convine'd, or the offender shall be committed by such justice, or one commissioner, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to the common gaol, -or house of correction of the county wherein the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any lime not exceeding three months, unless such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, shall be sooner paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, shall "be applied by such justice, or one commissioner, in rewarding the party or parties by whose evidence the offender or offenders -shall be convicted, and the constables, or other persons, who shall be assisting in such conviction, partly to one, and partly to the other, as such justice, or one commissioner shall deem proper.

XLIV*. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any one commissioner of the said road, and every justice of the peace of the county shall have power within his jurisdiiflion to administer all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be necessary for the purpose of carrying this att into execution , and if any person or persons shall wilfully affirm, or swear falsely, every such person shall, upon conviction, suffer the pains and penalties enabled against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt per-

jUI7-

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any oath is prescribed or mentioned

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

tioned in this act, the affirmation of the party, if a quaker, shall be sufficient in the place of such oath.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no distress to be taken, or sum or sums of money to be levied pursuant to this act shall be deemed unlawful, nor shall the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers for or on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, or of any irregularity which shall or may afterwards arise, but the person or persons who shall or may be aggrieved by such irregularity, shall land may recover full satisfaction for the special damages he, ffie, or they shall thereby sustain by action on the case.

XLVII. And he -it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every part of the present line of the said road, and of any new line or lines of road to be made pursuant to this act, shall be subject to the provisions of this act, and to no other law whatsoever.

"XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every commissioner of the said road, and every overseer who shall be by them appointed, shall, in respect to the said road have the like powers and authorities as overseers appointed under the ad of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the amendment of public , for directing the power of grand juries respe fling present men ts^ and for repealing several laws heretofore made for ihofe purposes.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any nine or more of the said commissioners; or for any person or persons as shall be authorized by them for that purpose, to agtee with the several proprietors and occupiers, and other persons interested in the several lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, adjoining to,any part or parts of the said road, they shall deem necessary to be widened, altered, or shortened for so much of such adjoining lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, as they shall deem necessary to be added to the said road, and with the consent of such proprietor, occupier, or person interested to ascertain, describe, and-set apart( such part or parts of such adjoining lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, as they shall deem necessary for carrying the

4 U 2 said

355

A.D.

1799-Chap. 52.

AfKrraatio* of a Quaker sufficient.

Distresses not deemed uo~ lawful for want of form, but persons aggrieved ma j recover special damages.

Present and new lines shall be subject to this act.

Commissioners and over-frers shall have fame powers as for public roads, by 3$ G. 3-

Nine con-minion ers treat for lands for altering road.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Taid road in new lines less hilly, and more convenient and fofe for travellers, and to fence such new lines on both fidos ‘therepf, fb as to open the fame, to be and remain a part or parts of the said road from thenceforth, and that from the ‘time such new line or lines of new road shall be made and <opened, the person or persons who was or were occupier or occupiers of the ground to be set apart for such new line or , cf Jrrou"jtors lines of road, shall and may from thenceforth hold and en-' roadVait p^7 J°y f°'much of such old road as shall be altered or changed fess the old in satisfaction and exchange of the ground to be made use of Change" >n making such new line or lines, if the same person or persons is, arc, or shall be the occupier or occupiers of both the old and new line or lines to be so altered and changed as aforesaid, and that from the time such new line or lines of road shall be fully completed, such person or persons as are or shall be the occupier or occupiers as aforesaid, shall and may at his, her, or their expence, inclose and fence up such part or parts of the old road so to be exchanged, and the same shall not be liable to be again laid open.

:L. And be it further enacted "by the authority aforesaid, 'AH bodies, That it shall and may be lawful for all bodies politic, corpo-

executors,

trustees, &c. rate, or collegiate, corporations, aggregate or 'foie, ^execo-ftjcb grounds: tors, a'dministratOTS, trustees and guardians, committees, or other trustees, not only on behalf of themselves, but also on behalf of cejiui quetrusts, infants, or issue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, feme coverts, ot other persons; and of all feme coverts seized in their own right, and for all persons having an estate for life only, with remainders over, and for all and every other person or persons whatsoever, who is or shall be seized, possessed of, or interred in any ground which shall be neceflfury for the purpose aforesaid, to demise, deafe, or convey for ever, or for nine hundred and ninety-nine years, or during their respective intereils to the com-niissioners of the said road, or to such person or persons as shall be authorized for that purpose, by the valuation of n jury as herein after directed, and all leases, Tales, and con-lea'feMo be veyances, which shall be so made, shall be enrolled in the

enrolled in re« '

membrancer’s chief remembrancer’s office of the court of exchequer, with^ office’ in six months after executing the fame, and when so enrolled, ftirill be valid to all intents and pnrpoles, any law, statute, or usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever 8 4o

*Ihe thirty-ninth Year of George TO. 357

'to the contrary thereof in any'wise notwithstanding; and A.D.

all feoffees in trust, executors, or - ad mini ft ra tors, guardians, 799*

n. b Chap. 52.

committees, or ' trustees, corporations, aggregate or foie;

and all other person s’"-are, and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of, - or in pursuance of ^mni.icd for

such atits.

this act.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, W1.,cre

y propi Krtors,

'That if any such owner, proprietor, occupier, committee, or pe r fun 3 . body politic, corporate or< collegiate, aggregate or foie, ex- refuseTode-k ecutor, administrator, or guardian, or any other person or ^t^e14 persons in any wise interfiled in any such'lands, tenements, tie«hicfhai; buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, not being an i>y a jury, as

orchard, yard, or planted walk, lawn, or avenue, after ^rcM,<1,rc^' fourteen days notice in writing shall be personally given to,

or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their dwel-ling-house. or houses, or place or places of abode, or at the head office or offices of such body politic, corporate or col-i legiate, or af*>*tfe house of the'tenant in possession of such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments,- except as before excepted, shall neglect or refuse to demise, lease, or convey any such lands, tenements, houses, grounds, and hereditaments, part or parts thereof, or their interest therein,; for the purposes aforesaid, or by reason of absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing for the fame, then and in all or any of such cases the said commissioners, - or any five or more of them, shall cause it to be* enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men of the county wherein the lands and tenements lie, which oath any five or more of such commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer, what annual rent shall be paid, or what recompence shall be given to such owner, occupier, proprietor, or other person or persons interested for, or on account of the widening the said road^ or any part or parts thereof, -or for laying out or making any new line or lines of road through his or their lands, and for that ‘purpose the said commissioners, or any five or more of them are empowered and required From time to time, as there shall be occasion to summon and call before the said jury, and to examine upon oath any person or persons whatsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a witness or witnesses, touching or

iv

Irafes may be executed after valuation . by jury;

commissioners to declare whether they will hold lands, & c at yearly rents, or purchase - them at sum awarded by

Jury;

agreements,

conveyances, &c. to be enrolled in remembrancer's office, and shall be final;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

concerning the premises, which oath, nny five or more of the said commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer, and at the desire and request of any party, such jury shall view the place or places in question, and ;shall use all other lawful ways and means for their better information in the premises j and after the said jury shall have so enquired into and ascertained what annual rent or other recompence shall be paid or given., any five or more of the said commissioners may accept of, and execute a lease or leases for such rent as shall be agreed upon, or as shall be ascertained in manner aforesaid, or in case the premises are to be purchased, may thereupon accept a conveyance thereof, and order and adjudge the sum or furns of money so agreed upon, or afl©fl~ed by the jury as for annual rent, or for such purchase or purchases to be paid to the person interest--ed in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, and that the aforesaid commissioners, or any five or more of them, or any person or persons empowered by them to keep said road in repair, shall, after such jury shall have so examined what annual rent, or other recompence shall be so paid or given, make their election, and declare whether they will hold such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, at such yearly rent as said jury shall award, or shall purchase the fame for such sum of money as they shall find on their, oaths the same to be worth, every of which agreements, conveyance, verdict, or inquisition, and the order and adjudication to be so had and made thereon, shall and may, at the instance of any five or more of the said commissioners, be enrolled in the chief remembrancer’s office of the court of exchequer in Ireland, and shall be fipal and ©onclusive against all parties or persons whatsoever, at law, in equity, or otherwise claiming, or to claim, in pofiession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators and successors, as well absent as present, infants, feme coverts, idiots, lunaticks, and persons under any disability, bodies politic, corporate, collegiate, aggregate or foie, as well as all other person or persons whatsoever, and every such owner, occupier, and proprietor, and ail and every person and persons interested in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments so demised or

3 purchased

5 The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 359

purchased as aforesaid, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to A.D. all intents and purposes, subject to such lease or leases as 1799. shall be made thereof, or if fold, shall be diverted of all u— rights, claims, interests, or property of, in, to or out of the fame; and for the summoning and returning of such jury commissioner* and juries, the said commissioners, or any five or more of .^niTto flie-t'hem, are hereby empowered, from time to time, to issue *> ,to.re"

J r w turn juries

their warrants or warrant to,the sheriff of the county in which the said lands shall be, thereby requiring him to im-pannel, summon, and return an indifferent jury of not less than twenty-four persons to appear before any five or more of the said commissioners, at such time and place as by such warrant they shall appoint, of which time and place such i + daysno-notice to be served as aforesaid, shall be given to all person to meeting^of and persons interested, fourteen days previous to the meet- -iury; inz of such jury; and the said sheriff is hereby required to jury to be

J . r sworn, &c-

impannel, summon, and return such twenty-four persons accordingly, and out of the persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear, the said commissioners, or any five or more of them,

shall cause to be sworn twelve, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and for default of a sufficient number of jurymen appearing!, the said sheriff shall, if required by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them,'return so mahy byc-standers as shall be necessary to make up

the number of twelve to serve on such jury.

LII. Provided always, That all persons concerned shall Challenges, have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array . of the pannfcl. with respect to any of the said jury when they come to be sworn; and the said commissioners, or any five commissioners

/% . may fine

or more of them, shall have power from time to time, to sherifa, &c. impose any reasonable fine or fines not exceeding the sum of pe?r0^fifmf ten pounds sterling on such sheriff, or any of his bailiff or moned»&c-bailiffs, or agents, as shall make default in the premises, or any of the person or persons who shall be summoned and returned on such pahnel, who shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on said jury, or to give their verdi<rt, or in any manner wilfully shall neglect their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<rt, and on any of the persons required to give evidence touching the premises, who shall refuse to be examined and give evidence,

4X2 and

The' thirty-ninth Year tdJ George III.

and from time 1o time to issue their-warrant to levy such fine and fines off the goods and chattels -of such persons so ;fined’ wheresoever they may be found.

R^nt or

LIII. And be it further enacted, "That all such firms of myC.hobVpaid money as fiia! 1 be agreed for, or- ascertained as aforesaid, ouiof tolls; -whether for annual rent, or for the purchase of such houses, lands, tenements, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments so ’ to be taken in, or made part of the said road, of for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be paid out of - the produce of the tolls arising by virtue of this act, to the person or persons who shall be entitled to receive the same, in such pro-Vhere persons portions as shall be ascertained by the jury and that upon fufTofncgU-a Paymelnt of such annual rent or purchase-money. or tender Xn receive mo- beine made thereof, and refusal to acceptr the fame, or in

ney, after 14 & r

days notice, case any person or persons-who according to their respective putcdTand^" interests is, are, or shall be entitled thereto, shall after foor-rbankl0CigCd teen ^3>’s not*ce> to be previously Terved as aforesaid, re-workmcn fuse or neglect to receive the same, or to execute a proper maj proceed. jcape or deed of conveyance to the said commissioners, according to the nature and circumstances of the agreement as shall be so made or ascertained as aforesaid, or in case the title shall be disputed, then upon the said rent or purchase-money, being by order of the said commissioners lodged in the bank of Ireland, under an order on petition to the court of exchequer for that purpose, it shall be lawful for any five or more of the said commissioners, to order their workmen and labourers to add such houses and grounds'to the said road for the purposes aforesaid, or to make foot-paths thereon, without the let, hindrance, or interruption of-uny person whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any five or more of the said commissioners shall have full power and authority to swear such jury, and to ridminister all oaths necessary for the examining into, and ascertaining such annual rent or purchase-money as aforesaid, or in any way respecting such trial and examination,

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annual rent so to be agreed on or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be paid from time to'time, by half-yearly payments, to the person or persons who shall be entitled thereto, the first payment thereof to begin and to be made

8 -at

CommiT-

fionent may swear juries, See.

Rent to be paid h IX yearly

- The thirty-ninth 1C eat ^ George III.

at the end of six calendar months next after such ground shall be taken and possessed by the said commissioners, as a 'part or parcel of the said road and the person or persons entitled-to receive the same shall, during the continuance of this act have the fame estate and interests in such rents as he, she, or they would have had in the said grounds, in 'case this act had never been made, and In default of payment by the said commissioners, within thirty days after the same shall become due, and shall have been demanded from "the treasurer of the said road, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons who shall from time to time be entitled to the said rents, or any part of them, to commence or iprosecute one or more anions at law on the case, or in debt against such treasurer for non-payment df such rent, and Khali and may upon such action or ations, recover the money then due, together with his or her, or their full costs of suit, and have such remedies for the same as are allowed by law in other cases, which said money with costs so recovered, when paid, shall be allowed to such treasurer on his account with the said commissioners.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon payment of such sum as shall be agreed Tor, or-aScertained as aforesaid by any such jury, or upon such tetider and refufat thereof, it shall he lawful for ‘five for more of the said commissioners to order and authorize any person or persons they shall think proper, to take possession -of the ground so to'be taken in Tor the purpose aforesaid and the (heniTis hereby required, 4ipon demand, and in virtue Of a precept so be to him directed by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, under their hands and Seals, in case such shall be (bund uecessary to give the possession of such grounds as shall be therein mentioned and described to the said commissioners, and in case such sheriff, on being paid or tender made to him of such like fee as by law is usual to be given to a sheriff on executing a writ of habere facias possessionem, shall within ten days after delivery of such precept refuse or negleifl to execute and' obey the fame, every such sheriff shall be subject to such punishment by fine or attachment, as his Majesty's court of exchequer, on application or cdmplaint to be there made against him shall in such case award or impose.

persons entitled to rents shall have fame estates as before \

rents unpaid 50 days after demand, may be recovered by a&iou, &e.

fuA money land coda to be paid by treatttter, and allowed to him.

Upom pav-merit of sums agreed for, or refusal thereof, possessiem shall be given by (herifs, tf required, kt.

penalty dm sheriffs for not executing writs.

362

A.D.

*799'

Chap. 52.

Grand juries of city and county of Cork may present for bridges on road*

Affidavit to be made before presentments for bridges arc granted-

Requisites to be perform-ed before presentments are . made for bridges, as under other road acts; and grand juries shall have like powers; and money accounted for in like manner.

Regulations 4s to bridges over boundaries of city and county.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

LVII. And be it Further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries For the county of Cork, and county of the city of Cork respectively, at any assizes which shall be holden aFter the passing, and during the continuance of this act, to pre-Fent that Fuch sum or Fums of money as shall be requisite, shall be raised on the said county, or county of the said city at large, to be expended in building, re-building, enlarging, repairing, or altering any bridge or battlement, or part of any bridge or battlement across any dream', river, or rut within their respective counties, which shall interfed any part of the present line of the said road, or of any new line or lines of road which shall be made pursuant to this act, and the judges of assize at every such assizes, are hereby required to confirm every such presentment.

LVIII. Provided always, That no sum shall be presented for building, re-building, enlarging, repairing, or altering any Fuch bridge or battlement, or part of any such bridge or battlement, or any new line or lines of the said road, unless it shall appear by affidavit of two credible persons wrho can read and write, that Fuch new line or lines is or are necessary to shorten the distance, or to avoid a hill or hills for the greater Fafety and convenience of travellers, or that such nfew line will benefit the intercourse between any two parts of the said road.

1 LIX. And provided also,.That no money shall be presented unless the Fame forms and other requisites shall be pursued and observed as under the road acts now in being, or that now are, or hereafter shall be enacted, are or shall be required relative to bridges upon public presentment roads, and the said respective grand juries shall have all Fuch and the like powers as are or shall be veiled in grand juries with respect to bridges, by the Feveral acts now in force, or to be made for amending the public roads j and that all monies fa to be presented shall be accounted for in the same manner, and by such like affidavits, and under the like regulations, in all respects, as now are, or shall be enacted in respect to bridges, on such public roads.

LX. And provided also, That if such dream, river, or rut, over which such bridge or bridges shall be necessary to be built, rebuilt, enlarged, repaired, or altered, shall be the

3 boundary

Yht thirfy-kinth Ye of George III.

boundary between the said. county of Cork and the county of the said city of Cork, in such case the like regulations with respect to bridges which are the boundaries between two adjoining counties, and in respect to accounting for, and the treasurer paying the money presented, as are required by the herein before recited act, of the" thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An amendment

of public roads, for directing the power cf grand juries preferments, and for repealing the laws heretofore made

for those purposes, shall be observed.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all provisions by the road acts made, or to be made for the repairing sudden breaches in bridges on the public roads, shall extend to the said road as it now runs, or to any new. line or lines hereafter to be made pursuant to this act.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all or any suit or suits for any thing done in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fact, and shall be laid in the county of Cork, or in the county of the city of Cork, and not elsewhere > and that the said defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, and that the fame was done by authority of this act; and if it shall appear that such action was brought after the time hereby limited, or in any other county, or if the jury shall find for the defendants, or if the plaintiff shall discontinue, or fuflfer a nonsuit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgment shall be had against the plaintiff, the defendant shall recover treble costs in such suits, and have like remedy as any other defendant in other causes.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be, and continue in force for the term of forty-one years, from the last day of this present session of parliament, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice, of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

4 Y 2 CHAP.

3

A.D.

‘799-

Chap. 52.

shall be fame

as by public road aft,

36 G. 3. c. -55-

Provisiont for repairs of sudden breaches shall be fame as for public roads.

Suits to be commenced within 6 months, and laid in county or city of Cork, for matters done under this act;

defendants may plead the general issue 5

treble costs to defendant, if plaintiff be non-suited, &c.

In force 41 years, and to end of next session.

A public act*

364 ' St he. thirty-ninth TYear of George *111.

A.D. 1799.

CHAP. Lin.

An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to His Majesty, to he applied to th making 'wide and convenient IVays, Streets and Passagesin the ’City of and for enabling the Commissioners mentioned more

effectually to execute the Crusts reptfed in them.

Saturday the first day of June, One thousand seven hundred and niHety-nine9

Royal fljjent given.

JOHN CATER, D. CLER. EARL.

*i, a G.3. XT WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom in the 23*14G. 3. W twenty-third an'd Twenty-fourth years of his pre-C Preamble ^ent Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing ant , amending an act passed in the year of his present

2/lajeJly s reign,entitled, an act for the improvement Of the city of Dublin, by making wide and the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof and for other *>y 23 & ‘4 purposes, it was enacted, That there should be granted, raised, o. j.x 31. levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and ^Y^evicdon successors, an additional net duty of one shilling for and upon paM tocom- ever>r ton of coals, not'being the produce of this kingdom, missioner*of which should be imported or 'brought into "the harbour of w,dc street8< -pubiin during the time aforesaid, and To in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to'be paid to the commissioneia appointed for making a wide and convenient way, street and passage fronTEffex-bridge to the castle of Dublin, to be applied by them in such manner and for such purposes as was under30G. enacted or provided by the said act: And whereas the Taid commissioners commissioners were by an act passed in the thirtieth year of bomnvcd his present Majesty's Teign, entitled, An act for further 4L per ct, amending the said receited act, enabled to borrow the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, at an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, upon the credit of the said duty: And said duty i. whereas the said duty has proved inefficient to Taifeand dif-

jnlumcient; '

charge the said sum, and to execute the "purposes of the said acts, and it is therefore expedient to encrease the funds for the said purposes} be ittherefore enacted by the j£ing*s mod

"8 excellent

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. ,565

excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of A.D. the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the%passing of this act, there shall be granted, raised, levied, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and succesiors, the rates and assessments following, that is cTeryhause-to say, every person being the owner or occupier of any Dublin,"and house within the city-of Dublin and the liberties thereunto }ll?ert,esdd‘

J joining, shall

adjoining, and every owner or occupier of such houses as takeouts

r . card, license,

are or shall be bunt within the limits of the Circular Road, yearly,viz. shall yearly take out a license., which shall entitle such owner or owners, and all other persons, to play at any lawful game at cards within such house, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March last, and which license shall be rated and paid for according to the rates and manner following; that 5d. for-a is to -say, every owner or occupier of any house within the limits before mentioned, which is or shall be ascertained, under 30L according to the valuations used for the collection of ministers’ money, to be of the yearly value of twenty pounds, and under the yearly of thirty pounds, to pay the sum of -five shillings and five pence for such yearly license; and every owner or occupier of any house within the limits be- m.4$d. for fore mentioned, ascertained according to the valuation afore- at ^oKand said, to be of the yearly value of thirty pounds, and under under+°1, the yearly value of forty pounds, to pay the sum of eleven Shillings and four pence halfpenny for such yearly license; and every owner or occupier of any house within the limits before mentioned, ascertained according to the valuation before mentioned to be of the yearly value of forty pounds

and upwards, to pay the sum of one pound two foillings 11 2S-9a-for

r 1 # a house valued

and nine pence for such yearly license, each and every such at 40l. and license to be of force for one year, from the twenty-fifth uPwdrds" day of March in each year, in which such license is taken out, and no longer.

II. And for the better collection of the duties and monies Commifli. payable on the issuing of such licenses, be it enacted, That "ie;^occ|^k it shall and may be lawful for the clerk to the said commis- cenfes toper-

/ J t Ions who give

sioners, to issue and grant such licenses to persons inhabiting in their such houses within the limits and bounds aforesaid, and so pj*ofd rated and valued as aforesaid, each and every person applying for the fame, returning to the said clerk in writing payduty.

r

366

A.D.

799-Chap. 53.

Duties not

The thirty ninth Year of George III. '

their name and place of abode, and paying for such License the sum before mentioned, according to the rate and valuation aforesaid of such house as such person shall inhabit within the limits aforesaid.

‘III. Provided always, That the several duties and rates 14juic, U"ac*» aforesaid, shall riot be deemed payable until the twenty-year; fourth day of June'in'each year; and provided also, that rn

may^'pj'oint* case of non-payment of such duty* by -any person hereby lia-personi to ble to the payment thereof, and of ©million or refusa 1 to

levy duties; r J

take out such License,’it shall and may’be lawful Tor Ihe said comroiftioners, or any three or more of them, to appoi rit such person or persons as they may deem proper to levy the ?said duties, so due and payable by distress and safe of the goods of the inhabitant or inhabitants, who shall at the time

of such distress be in or occupy such house, and such person or persons so appointed, are hereby empowered to levy ^any of the said duties so remaining unpaid as aforesaid, by distress and sale as aforesaid j provided nevertheless, that in

‘ such cases of non-pay merit AS aforesaid, 'before; such duty . shall be levied by ^distress and sale as aforesaid, notice thereof in writing shall be duly fefved at the house of such inhabitant, ten days at ieaft before such distress shall fee taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all suits, actions and avowries, to be made or prosecuted for or on account of

last 3 years . 1

shall be suffi- the said duties and charges by the said comminioners, or ariy cknt<vidv«.ce. by thetn authorized to collect the fame, and in all

actions or suits to be prosecuted by any person or persons against the said commissioners, or the person or prffons by them authorized to collect the said duties or charges, in relation to the coiledion-of the fame, the proving the minis-teTs’ money which has been usually paid annually for such house, for the space of three years next before such suit, action, or avowry commenced, shall be fufircient evidence for

all the purposes of this act of the valuation-of the ministers’ imoney on such house or houses.

Members V. And belt further enacted, That all ‘ persons frequerit-card^wdice 6 i°g any ^0u*e ‘n t^ie city and suburbs of Dublin, and within the limits and bounds of the Circular Road aforesaid, wherein any club or clubs is or are kept, wherein any game at cards or dice is played, and being a member of such club, shall ibe obliged to take out a License, which License shall continue

8

notice in writing before distress: is taken.

Minifies money for

are played shall pay . il. 2s. 9d. each;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

in force for the space of twelve months, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, and for which license lie shall pay the sum of one pound two shillings and nine pence fierling; and that it shall be lawful for the clerk to the said commissioners for the making wide and convenient ftroets in the city of Dublin, to issue and grant such license to such persons as shall apply for the fame, each and every person so applying returning to the said clerk, in writing, their name and place of abode, and the name of the club of which they arc a member and if any person shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next, frequent any club ' within the limits aforesaid, wherein any game at cards or dice is pl&yed, without having first applied for and obtained such license, and the fame remaining in force and onexpired, such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to his Majesty for the uses and purposes of this act.

VI. Provided always, That if any person shall take out a license as a member of a club hs aforesaid, and shall have paid one guinea for Tuch yearly license, if such person shall be or become thereafter a member of any other club or clubs, then and in such case he shall not be obliged to pay more than eleven shillings and four pence halfpenny, for every such further license as a member of such other club or clubs, aOy thing'contained in this to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And for the better collection of the‘duties and monies by this act charged on such licenses for persons being or becoming members of such club or clubs* be it enacted, That each and every person or perfotl-s ^vho shall be employed as the mailer or rhiftrefs, or keeper of any house, where any such club or clubs shall be held or kept as aforesaid, shall be obliged, and they are hereby directed and required, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in every subsequent year, to give in to ihe clerk or secretary of the commissioners for making a wide and convenient way, street, and passage from Essex-bridge to the castle of Dublin, a full and com-

4 Z 2plete

S67

A.D.

I /99. Chap. 53.

persons not lictnfed who frequent such clubs foricit 2ot.

!* 4?<*-for every clutr after the first*

Lists of members of clubs to be given in by keepers of houses where clubs are held, every year, and every time a new member is elected, penalty 100l.

368

A.D. 1799. Chap. 53.

Commissioners, may exa- miuc persons who keep club-houses, -on oath;

hontes liable to duty according to returns, and goods therein may be distrained for arrears.

Such charges not-payable until 3; it March each year.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

plete lift or lifts of each and every member who shall upon such day belong to such club; and in case any other member or members shall be cledled of such club between the day upon which such return shall be made, and the twenty-fifth day of March then next following, such master or mif-tress shall, in like manner, immediately after such member or members shall be so ele£led, make a like return to the said clerk or secretary, of the name or names of such member or members so elected, as aforesaid, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, for every time such master or mistress shall negleift to make such return or returns as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to summon any such person who shall be employed as the master or mistress or keeper of any hause where such club or clubs shall be held or kept, to attend before the said commissioners, and to examine, upon oath such master or mistress or keeper.of such house or houses, which oath the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer, touching the lifts and names of such members, and the truth and particulars of such returns as aforesaid; and such return, so made, is hereby declared and enabled to be a charge on such house or houses, for so much of the said duty on such licenses-as shall, by such return, appear t9 be due by the persons being or becoming members of such club or clubs, according to the intent of this act; and the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered by warrant, under their hands and seals, to appoint any person or persons to levy the amount of such sum, as by such returns so made, in pursuance of this act, shall appear to be due and payable by the persons being or becoming members of such club or clubs for such yearly licenses aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall remain due and unpaid, by distress and sale of the goods found in such house or houses.

XIX. Provided always, That such annual charges for such licenses as aforesaid, shall not be deemed payable until the thirty-first day of March, in each and every year; and provided also, that notice thereof, in writing, be served on such house or houses, ten days at least before such dif-Ircfs be taken.

6 X. And

*The thirty-ninth IT car George III.'

X. And be it enacted, That in case the commissioners aforesaid shall deem it expedient to examine upon oath, any matter, or miff refs, or keeper of such house, as. aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any

369

A.D.

1799-

Chap. 53.

Commission-cr> may Turn-

three or more of them, to summon, by notice in writing, to mon keepers be left at the usual place of abode or habitation of such maf- tobeexamm-ter, or miffrefs, or keeper, twenty-four hours at least be- educoath* fore the time specified in such Summons -for such attendance, such matter, or mittrefs, or keeper to attend before the said commissioners and bo examined on oath as before enacted; and in case any such person so duly summoned as aforesaid, .10L penalty' to attend as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to ap- injraadan-pear, or else appearing, shall refuse to make oath for difeo- fwsnng* very of his or her knowledge concerning the matter in ques-lion, or refuse to answer upon oath such question or inter* rogatories as flta.ll be demanded of him or her touching the matter in question, such person, for every time he or she shall so offend, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Application for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, to hitherto7 apply any sum or sums of money which may now remain in £ranted* their hands, or which shall hereafter come into their hands, either of money borrowed or arising from file of rents, or grounds, or houses of the funds, hitherto granted for the making wide and convenient ways, streets, and passages on the north fide of the river Liffey, to the purposes of this act* provided that the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have power to apply to the purposes aforesaid, any debentures which may now remain in their bands, bearing an interefi: of four per.centum per , by felling or disposing of the fame, at such current price as debentures bearing a like interest, shall at the time of such falc be valued at, or fold for.

XII. And be it enacted, That, all duties granted by this Application ad, and all funds raised thereby, shall be appropriated by g^ntedby the said commissioners, after the payment of the annuities tb,9aft-.

>and sums herein after mentioned, to open a convenient communication from Carlisle-bridge to the parliament-house, and shall, in the second instance, be appropriated for the purpose of opening a convenient communication from Carlisle-bridge, along the river Liffey, to White’s-lanc, on George’s--

37°

A.D. 1799. Chap. 53.

Comm i (Go tier* naiy borrow *8,o8d. M9s.7d.vfor -purposes here-m mentioned

l^ebenturea to be given to persons who lend money, on terms agreed on by lords of treasury;

Entered payable half-yearly at 5 ^cr cent.

*The thirty-ninth Year iof ^ George III.

;quay, and to no other purpose whatsoever, /ave only as ‘herein expressed.

XIII. Provided always, That the said commissioners shall not d>e entitled to raise or borrow upon the security of the said duties or funds a greater sum than the net sum of thirr ty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings and Teven pemce, for the purpose of opening the said communication from Carlisle-bridge to the parliament-house, which said net sum of Unity-eight thousand nine hundred and etghty-£ve pounds nineteen Shillings and /even pence, the said commissioners are hereby empowered to raise and borrow by Ifine *of debentures, certificates or otherwise, as is herein after mentioned.; be it therefore enacted, That the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, be and are hereby-empowered to raise and borrow upon loan by.debentures or certificates, the aforesaid last mentioned sum of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five ..pounds nineteen shillings and ifev.cn pence, for the purposes aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That Tor every Turn not Iefs than such sum as shall be agreed on by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, which any person or persons shall pay or lend to the/aid commissioners according as they shall have agreed towards raising’the said sum-of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence, the said commissioners may give to such person or persons a debenture, -certificate or receipt /or any sum not exceeding the sum of-one‘hundred pounds, and all such debentures, certificates orsreceipts shall be numbered in arithmetical progression where the common excess or'difference shall be one, and that every such debenture or receipt for one hundred pounds shall bear an interest of five pounds by the year, to be paid by the said commissioners half-yearly, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, without any- fee, charge or deduction -whatsoever, until the whole sum of one hundred pounds shall be paid ossat one entire payment, and that the said duties granted by this act shall be subject to the payment of such interest, until the principal money be paid off as aforesaid, and that the person or persons holding the same shall have the like remedies in case of default of payment of such interest as are

uenacted

*The thirty-ninth Y"<e of George III.

<enacted in respect to - the interest payable on debentures heretofore issued by the said commissioners by any of the said recited acts.

XV. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties-and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner, and by such ways and -means* «nd with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, Aireded and appointed in and by an act of parliament, -made in the fourteenth and jfifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An act for the settling of the excise or new upon his Ma-

:jefy. His heirs *and successors, according /o the hook of rates therein infanted \-as folly and effeduaHy to -all intents, con-

Iftrudions and purprtfes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of-appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themfel-ves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

XVI. And whereas the provost, fellows and scholaTs of Trinity College, near Dublin, are, by virtue of a fee farm grant from the -corporation of the city of Dublin, Seized and possessed -of lands, houses and tenements, lying between College-street and Townsend-street, and "the river Liffey, containing in the whole about live acres and an half plantation meafuce, bounded on the weft by the estate of the <co;poration of the said city of Dtiblin, and on the east by the estates of lord viscount JMountjoy and others, which pre-mi fes are now in the tenure and occupation eif the right reverend James Hawkins, doctor of divinity, lord bishop of ®taphoe, and *his under-tenants, and are fttuate in the city of Dublin aforesaid.: And whereas it would tend much to the public convenience, that new and convenient passages should he opened from Carlffle-bridge to the south flde of the city as far as College-green and Townsend-street, through the said lands: And whereas the said provost, fellows and scholars of Trinity College are willing to sell and convey all their estate, fight, title and interest in and to the said lands, houses and tenement^, to the said commissioners and their successors, for and in consideration of the yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds {Veiling, to be secured to them and their successors for ^ver, in manner herein after mentioned

5 A 2 be

A.

371

D.

1799. Chap. 53.

A!i fines, 8cc recovered as by 14 8c 15 C. 2. with like remedy of appcaL

Lands and houses in the pofllfilon of Trinity College-:

passages should be opened flroOi Carlisle-bridge to College-green:

College ia willing to fell:

-372 The thirty-nbith Year George III.

A.D.

be it therefore enacted, that the said provost, fellows and scholars be, a.nd they are hereby empowered for the said

*799'

' Chap. 53.

consideration of-one thousand two hundred pounds a year.

sCoiicgemay fQ to be secured, to assign, transfer, and make over the said

alligu for

1200l. a}tar. fee farm grant, and all their right, title and interest in and to the said lands, houses and tenements to the said commissioners and their successors for ever, any law, charter or bye-law to the contrary notwithstanding. b<^higeaay

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may with 1200l. be lawful for the said commissioners, and they or any five of

a year, for # '

*hc College, them are hereby enabled, in consideration of such conveyance as aforesaid, to charge the said duties hereby granted-.with an annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds a year, to be paid to the said provost, fellows and scholars, and their successors, by two even and equal half-yearly payments on every first day of November in every year, during such time, and subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned and provided.

See. to give a

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case default

certificate on

demand, winu shall be made by the said commissioners in payment of the annuity*1* un- said annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds in manner afterdayof* aforesaid, the secretary to the said commissioners shall from payment, pe- timeto time, as often as any half yearly payment shall be waay vc. behind and unpaid of the said annuity, for the space of twenty-one days next after any of the said days of payment, on demand made to him, by or on behalf of the said provost, fellows and scholars, or their successors, give unto the said provost, fellows and scholars, a certificate under his hand, specifying the amount of said annuity so unpaid and due; and if any such secretary shall not on such demand give such certificate as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of six hundred pounds, to he recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, by any person who shall sue for the same, with full costs of suit, in which no privilege, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed. '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the lord high trea-

7 O

rcatC the Col *urer> or commissioners of his Majesty's trea fury for the time " being, on receipt of such certificate, shall, in case the amount

Od receipt such certi-

lofte Hull be paid out of said duties.

of said duties then in his or their hands shall be sufficient for

*799-Chap. Si

ISVTien part

Thc thirty-ninthYrcir of George III. - gyj

’for that purpose, pay and hand over to the Taid provost, fel- A.D. lows and scholars, or to some person authorized by them to receive the same, the amount of the sum so certified to be due to them as aforesaid, and in case 'there shall not be at such time a sufficienoy of fend duties in his or their hands to pay off said sum so ^certified to be due, he or they shall withhold said duties as the same shall be paid in to them, until the same shall amount <to the sum so certified to be due, and shall then pay over the same to the said provost, fellows and Tscholars, or set apart the fame for’their use, and such payment shall be a good and effectual discharge *to the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, on the part of the said first mentioned commissioners, for the amount of the sum so certified.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the said commissioners shall have demised or let any part Ts^emifedby or parcel of said lauds by lease or leases to'be "thereof made commissioi>-

r . } ers, tltey shall

in manner herein after provided, they or any five of them assign the shall by proper and sufficient deeds of conveyance assign, *lB"o^he transfer and make over unto the said provost, fellows and Co,lesse unta

r rents amount

scholars, or their successors, all their right, title, and inte-to uoot.* rest in, and to the lands so leased, together with the lease or y€#r* leases thereof, and so from ’time to time, until the total amount of the rents reserved by said leases so assigned 'shall amount to the yearly sum of one thou fend two hundred pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That what the said provost, fellows and scholars, and their successors, lege may re. -shall not be compellable to take, 'but may absolutely refuse to take any conveyance or assign men t of any of the afore- ofjaid prepaid premises, unless upon such lease so made thereof, there shall have been paid to the said commissioners, or their sucessors, a sum of money by way of fine, after the rate Of fifty pounds at the least, for every ten pounds of yearly rent reserved by such lease, and unless there shall have been expended by the lessee or lessees in such lease, his, her, or their ‘heiri executors, administrators, assigns or lessees, on the -ground so demised by the said commissioners, a sum after the rate of two hundred pounds at the least, for every

374

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

V.

A.D.

twenty pounds of yearly rent reserved by such lease, and

{1799* ’ fp in- proportion for any greater or lesser strai reserved by way'of rent on such lease.

So much of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the fa

Collewihail commissioners, or any five of them, shall assign or convey afllgncdap7 part of the said, premises, subject to the provisions afore- " amount to; said, to the said provost, fellows, and scholars, or their ifuccdfiors, then and as often as the same shall happen, fi»

: muck of the said annuity or yearly sum of one thousand ’ two hundred, pounds, as the rent or rents of the premises fe; assigned or conveyed shall amount to, shall absolutely cease, determine, and be no longer payable from the half-yearly day on which such rent or rents did last become due and payable before such conveyance.

When rent

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when To much

amounts to of the said premises shall be so conveyed to the said provost, jffijr* fellows and scholars, as that the rents reserved thereon shall annuity shall amount in the whole to: the full andi.clear sum«of one thou-

cease.

sand two hundred pounds a year, then and in such case the? payment of the said annuity, or-yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, shall altogether cease and determine, and the said duties charged therewith be from thenceforward entirely freed and dischsrged therefrom.

College

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said provost,

’ Wed to hold fellows and scholars, and their successors be, and they arc >j^La"year. hereby.enabled to-take and hold such grant and charge of < one thoitfand two hundred pounds yearly upon the duties aforesaid, when the same shall be granted to them by the said commissioners; and also all conveyances of land?, housea-rand tenements, which the said commiOwners shall make to them under the provisions of this- a-dt, any statute of morb-imain, or any other law, charter, or byedaw to; the contrary* notwithstanding; and that the same shall be taken and holden* by the said provost, fellows and scholars, and their fueceT-, fors, from the time the same shall be respectively granted and conveyed, upon the fame trusts and; to* the fame u(es to which the lands* houses, and tenements herein before* mentioned, are now holden by them, and to and upon no other uses whatsoever.

pending beC" XXV, And whereas a treaty^ is now depending between

iwcen com. the said commissioners and the said lord bishop of Raphoe,

5

and thirty*~tiinth ¥*dr tf George III.

and agreements Have been entered into bettvefen^he said commissioners and the right hotiourbblelfaac Barrj, and the re-v prefehta-tives of John . Hart Cox, who are reflectively enti-i tied to certain derivative interests in said lands, houTes and: tenements, for the pivrchafeof said interests respectively, in «consideration of annuities to be granted by the said commissioners: And whereaS it is expedient that the said -comihiffloners (Hal! ’ have foil power to conclude and carry into effect such agreements as they ndw have made and entered

into With the said several* persons, for their respective irite-: rests irt' said -premises, be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, or any five of them be, and they are hereby enabled to charge and encumber said duties with the payment ' Of such annual fym or sums, and such net sum or sums as they have already agreed to give and grant tc the said feve-

ral persons, or ssny of them, iheir or any of their heirs, exe-vCutors, ad mini ft ra tors and assigns, for and in consideration of the-conveyance and alignment of their, or any of their interests respectively in fard lands, houses and tenements,

'provided such annual charge shall not exceed in the whole, s to the said JJames Hawkfnsi lord bishop of Raphoe, the sum of five hundred and twenty pounds yearly for the whole of his^interest therein, not Co the said Isaac Barrj, the net, sum

Of one thousand five :hundred-pounds for the whole of his -interest* therein, tfor to the said representatives of John Hart cCox,' the net1 (om of three'thousand eight hundred and two

jteftftids ten shillingfe,- so*r the’ whole of their inteteft therein"; and Uhat every charge a'nd iriautri brahee be, and shall be sub-.je&* to’ such redemption' thereof as1 either now is, or hereafter' shall be agreed upon' by said- cOrrimissioners, or any five1 <of them, and <Taid persons respectively, or any of them,

their* or-any of their fepreferttatives and the like-remedies shall!extend- t6 every such anriual charge in case of non-pay-

-nrent thereofj as arer herein1 before ertatted in respedi to the present1 charge to3 thb provost, fellows and Scholars of Trinity College.

XXVI) An*d: Wlifetehfc'p'arf of the said ground" belonging to* the1 said1 pTovoft,' fellows- and scholars of Trinity: College, rrrtty hereafter bfe'retjui red'for ^certain' public purposes, be'it -enufled,' That' when the said commissioners shall have pur-'dlfefeti the said groutfdfc; and that tho fame shall be veiled1

375

A.D.

1759;

Chap^j.

and b of Rv-pboe, and agreements with R. H. i. Barre and rep. of j. It. Cox

com. tray

charge dm Fes with 520l. a year to b. of Raphoe; 15301. to rt. hon. I fane Barr£; and 3So*l. 1 os. t* the rep. of John Hatt Cox;

such chargee shall be subject to redemption agreed upon, and Hke remedies in case of non-payment, ai are provided for the College,

Part of said ground not to be set for 7 years, except for public purple*.

5 B 2

an

5 The thirty-ninth Year George III.

in them, they shall not alienate, dispose of, set or fell such part of the said grounds as lies betweeti Pool beg-ft reel and " Townshend-street, and are bounded on the weft by Haw-

kins’s-street, for the full‘term-of seven years from the pairing of this act, save and except for such public purposes. Publicity XXVIt. And w-hereas it was publickly known on the first

of intention '

to'buiwCar- day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ^fle-budge, njnetyv that a bridge across the river Liffey, since built and called Carlisle-bridge, was then intended to be erected, and that a new street or streets would be opened from thence to College-green and Townshend-street, and that said commissioners for such purpose would be obliged to purchase,' and would accordingly purchase the several. subsisting interests in such parts of said premises as should be necessary to carry said intentions into effect.: And whereas all purchase* made of any part of said premises, or of any interest therein since the first day of May aforesaid, have been made, and, also ah monies expended on any part of said-premises,-have been expended by all persons making. said . purchasies-or expending said monies, with full notice of the foveral"matters aforesaid: Ee it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all valuations hereafter to be-made by any jury or juries im-pannelecl and returned pursuant tO'-the provisions in certain former acts of parliament, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-third years of the-reign of his late Majesty, King Ctorge the second, or any other acts of any derivative lease or inhered of any part or parcel of said lands, houses, and tenements purchased or obtained since the said first day of May," in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the jury or juries so to be-impannelled shall in the first place inquire into, and ascertain the amount of the sum or sums given

and pnid for the purchase of such lease or interest, and also the amount of such sum or sums of money. (if any.) as have been bona fide laid out and expended in valuable and lading improvements on the ground contained therein, and shall not in any such case present as the value of any such derivative kafe or iirtertift, a greater sum than the amount of such purchase money, and of the monies (if any) expended in manner aforesaid, together with the difference between legaLio-terest thereon and the rents or profits which they were en--titled to receive, or which they might reasonably have made

thereof

pnrcliafca were rmde and money expended ii..ce lit fviay, 1790, aicer Jail notice

what Audi be ascertained by jut its litre-after impan-rdletl to af-certuin value of laid lands and Lilt-

' The thirty-ninth Fear of George III. 377

thereof, from the several times such monies were paid or ex- A.D. pended respectively: provided nevertheless, That the interest of the several tenants holding any of the aforesaid grounds, provisowto houses, or tenements, by virtue of leases under the bishop the bishop of of Raphoe, and containing toties quot covenants of renewal, RaPhoe-shall be submitted within twelve months from and after the passing of this act to the valuation of a jury, who shall and may value the same as if this act had not been made, nor any purchase or agreement made or entered into by and between the said commissioners of wide streets and the college, or the said bishop of Raphoe, and that the said commissioners shall purchase the said several interests, at the rates to be ascertained by such jury, or as shall otherwise be agreed upon.

XXVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be law- Annuitie* ful to and for the said commissioners, in lieu of the said sums «nn lieuof* so to be ascertained, as aforesaid, to grant annuities to the fa‘dfu,n, several persons entitled to the fame, chargeable on the said

duties, at a like rate, and under the fame conditions, and subject to the like remedies as is before provided with respect to the interests of the said college, or of the said bishop of Raphoe.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Apubiick said. That this present act shall be deemed, adjudged, and

taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. LIV.

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and

Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

Saturday the first day ef June, one thousand hundred and ninety’nine,

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYRR, D.CLER. PARL.

w

WHEREAS by several acts passed in the parliament Preamble, of Great Britain, it is enacted, That whenever it BritMaaY^ shall appear by Notices in the London Gazette, (for giving Vol. XIX. 5 C of

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

i/99-Chap. 54.

on browr and Muscovado sugar.

of which Notices in due form, provision is by the said acts duly made) that the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar, exclusive of the duty of custorps, shall exceed the rates therein specified, the drawbacks thereon, and the bounty on refined sugar produced ..therefrom shall ccafe, until new average prices shall have been notified in the said Gazette, except such sugars shall be exported from Great Britain to this kingdom, or some other part of the Britishi dominions

When draw-backs are disallowed in G.

B. tli ev should

de disallowed in this kingdom

when it appears by the L*>n. Gaz. that sugars are not entitled to drawbacks in G. B. no drawback shall lie in Dublin af-' ter day’s ' notice in Dublin Gaz. or 3 days after such notice in other poits, unless exported to Britishi domi-

The like as to rt fined sugar, after f day’* notice in Di bVn Gazette, and days in other pori$.

II. And whereas wdion such drawbacks and bounties in Great Britain shall in manner aforesaid ccafe and be disallowed, it is reasonable that the drawbacks now allowed upon the exportation of brown or Muscovado sugar, and the bounties upon the exportation of refined sugar made therefrom from this kingdom should also ccafe, and be di fallowed; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that when and so often as itlhall appear by notice in the London Gazette, that the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar, exclusive of the duty of customs, shall exceed the rates at which the drawbacks in Great Britain are or shall be payable, then and in such case no drawback of the duties paid on the i iTi p 0 rt 411 on. of brown or Muscovado sugars shall be allowed, or paid upon the exportation thereof from this kingdom, to any port or place bejond the seas, after the end of one day from such notice in the Dublin Gazette, as is herein after mentioned, in the port of Dublin; and after the end of three days from such notice in the Dublin Gazette as is herein after mentioned in any other port in this kingdom, unless such sugars shall be exported to Great Britain, or to some other part of the British dominions, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That when and so often as it shall appear by notice in the London Gazette, that the bounties payable on the exportation of refined sugar, produced from biown or Muscovado sugar imported from his Majesty's plantations in America into Great Britain shall cease to be allowed, and paid upon the exportation thereof from Great Britain, then and in such case no bounty shall be allowed

or

*The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 379

or paid on the exportation of such refined sugar from this A.D. kingdom to any port or place beyond the f as, after the end 1799

of one day from such notice in the Dublin Gazette, as is herein mentioned, in the port of Dublin, and after the end of four days from such notice in the Dublin Gazette, as is herein mentioned in any other port in this kingdom, unless such refined sugar. shall be exported to Great Britain, or to some other part of the British dominions, any Jaw to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Prov ided always, and be it enacted, That if any person shall have entered outwards any such brown or Mufco-vado, or refined sugar, and shall have begun to (bip or lade the fame on board after the time that such notico shall have been given in the London Gazette as aforesaid, and before Drawback*

notice thereof shall be given in the Dublin Gazette, (which

last notice the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue are fntcrtd,a‘,d

J ' begun to be

hereby empowered and required to give) such person shall be shipped, be allowed to export, and to receive any drawback or bounty Dublin Ga which by law he, she, or they might be otherwise entitled ,o°i« iiTlfub! to receive for the sugar so actually shipped or laden on boa'rd Hn Gazette.) for exportation, before such notice shall have been ^iven In the Dublin Gazette, by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, That so often as such drawbacks and bounties shall have ceased to become payable pursuant to such notices as aforesaid, the payment of such drawbacks and bounties shall be discontinued until new average prices

whereon fuGh drawbacks and bounties shall again become Drawback* payable pursuant to the laws in Great Britain, and notice therfeof given in the London Gazette as aforesaid: and until

° ... don and Dub-

notice thereof shall have been given in the Dublin Gazette lin Gazette*, by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, and no longer; and the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue are hereby empowered and required to give such last mentioned notice.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act This aa to shall continue in force so long only as the several acts afore- fold said of the parliament of Great Britain, or the parts thereof Bntl.fh a*.

1 coutLiu^only’.

which regulate the allowance of the drawback on the ex-

I

portation of brown or Muscovado sugar, and the bounty on the exportation of refined sugar made therefrom shall continue ia force, and no longer.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. LV.

An Act to promote the Building of JAtw Gaols.

'Saturday the fvjl dr.y of June, one t hundred and ninety-nine,

Roy til given,

JOHN GAYLRj D. C ER. PARL.

[Preamble.]

36 G. 3. 55. *1.

g. juries may present iocol. at each aiuzes for building £aols, to any two or more persons, and to be accounted for on roath.

Money ‘heretofore presented for building gaols, and unapplied, shall be solely applied thereto.

Doubts where gaols of counties, and of counties of citi -s hare been united

WHEREAS doubts have arisen what films grand juries are empowcied by law to present for the building new gaols, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, That from and after the passing of this.aft it shall and may be lawful to and for all grand juries at each and every affixes., to present any sum or sums of money not exceeding one thousand pounds at each assizes, for the purpose of building new gadls: Provided always, such sum or sums of money shall be so presented by them, to any two or more persons, for the purpose of building such new gaol -only; and provided also, that such money so presented, shall be accounted for upon oath, before some subsequent grand jury, as all other money raised by presentment, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any money has been already presented by any grand jury for the purpose of building a new gaol, and remains at present unapplied, such money shall be applied solely to the building such new gaol, for which such grand jury shall have presented the fame, and to no other purpose whatsoever, and shall be accounted for upon oath before some subsequent grand jury, as all other money raised by presentment, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen where the gaols of a county, and county of a city, have been hitherto united and joined, and where new gaols are necessary to be built for each, whether their respective grand juries can present money to carry on the building of their respective gaols separately, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 381

and after the passing of this act, grand juries for counties, A.D. and counties of cities, are hereby-empowered and authorized 1799. lo present such sums as they shall think proper, provided they shall not exceed one thousand pounds at each afTizes, Sn,ndiu',e*

y r nuy present

for the building of their respective parts of said gaols fepa- for their re-rately, and the part of such gaol so built by money raised not^exccfding by prefen tment on such county shall be deemed to belong ^'.ateach to such county alone, and shall from thenceforth for ever parts built by hereafter be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be part of said cities shall he-county, and such part of such gaol so built by money raised 1Xne!0tlU,* 'by presentment on such county of a city, shall be deemed to ^belong to such city alone, and shall from thenceforth for ever thereafter be adjudged, deemed and taken to be part of such city, any law, curtain, urfage, or charter to the contrary'notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cities, the 21, G.3.* chief and other magistrates shall be competent to open and 3. 46. "to adjourn all sessions of the peace in the absence of the rfoefmagif-

J 1 trates in citie*

recorder of such city, and also to swear grand and market may open fef-juries, but that no trial shall be proceeded upon except in swear grand the presence of the recorder or his sufficient deputy, being ra barrifler of six years (landing, who shall be empowered by trial shall go this act to preside at all such fcflion6 ot adjournments of the absence, ex-fame, though the chief or-other magistrates should not be able to attend the farce. deputy.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, yin more

ef 'e flu ally preferring the Peace the City of Dublin, and the Difrifl of the Metropolisand efablifting a Parochial Watch in the said City; and also to amend one other Alt paf 'ed in the Thirty-fxth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an paf 'ed in the

Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Entitled, An Act for more the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the Difrifl of the , and

establishing a Parochial Watch in the said and for remedying the Abuses committed by Pawnbrokers within the Difrifl of the Metropolisor three Miles thereof.

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal Aljftnt given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. FARL.

WHEREAS some further provisions are necessary to render more cft'ectual an act passed in the thirty— It >s neces 1* year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An

fary to amend act for moreeffectually preferring the peace within the city of

ilic recited o

watch acts, Dublin, and the difrifl of the and efablifing a

36,^" 36 parochial watch in the said and also to render more ef-

G. 3.C. 30. fectual one other act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-ffth year of the reign of his present entitled, An act for more effectually preferring the peace within v the city of Dublin, and the difrifl of the , and efab-

lifing a parochial watch in the said , and for remedying the abuses committed by pawnbrokers within the difrifl of the me-'provisions for tropclis, or three miles thereof: And whereas it hath been

andbordering f°und that the powers and provisions contained in the said

the watch are recited acts for establishing, ordering, and maintaining a fuf-

not sufficient; . r

ficient watch in the city of Dublin, and in the several 11-berties within the said city, and the district of the metropolis, are not sufficient for the purposes thereby intended,

1 and

382

A.D. 1799.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 383

and it will tend much to the preservation of the peace and A.D.

order within the district aforesaid, if the appointment and direction of the nightly watch were put under the care and management of the superintendant magistrate for the district of the metropolis; therefore, be it enacted, That p°we«vefkd

r by laid a&i,

from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand iniordmayor, seven hundred and ninety-nine, all and every the powers church war-and authorities, by the said recited acts vested in the lord &c>,re*

7 lative to the

mayor, the city treasurer, the church-wardens and directors, watch, flutt Handing committee, their secretary, collectors and -clerks, a4jUne’, 1799. and of every watch constable, fub constable, and watchman,

under and by virtue thereof, so far as they relate to or concern the establishing, ordering, regulating and maintaining a watch within the city of Dublin, and the several liberties within the said city and the district of the metropolis, shall be null and void to all intents abd purposes.

II. And be it enacted, That from thenceforth all houses Allwatck-'which were formerly parish watch-houses, and which at the n^’btoks, -time of passing of this act are vested in the church-wardens arrears of

1 c t # taxes, &Cm

-and directors of the respective parishes, or any committee of &c fhaiibe them, and all estate and interest which every such parish, perfnlendlrt precind or liberty, and every person and persons in trull for ma£lftrat<:i any such parish, precind or liberty, have in any wateb-house -for the accommodation of the nightly watch, and all furniture, clothing, lanterns, appointments,' books of account, arrears of rates and taxes, and all balances and Turns of money in the hands, custody or power of the church-wardens and di--redors of the respective parishes, or in the hands, custody or power of any committee of them appointed, under and by virtue of the said acts or either of them, or of the city treasurer, or the collectors of the watch-tax, secretary to the Handing committee, clerks or any of them, or of any officer, clerk or servant appointed by them or any of them, or at all appointed, employed or entrulled, respecting the watch, under, by virtue of, or under colour of said acts of parliament or either of them, shall be, and the same are hereby wefted in the said superintendant magistrate, according to the several interests which the several persons before mentioned respectively had or claimed, or pretended to have in the fame or any part thereof, for the purposes of this act, and during the continuance thereof and no longer; and that it

5 D 2lhall

799-

Chap.

A.D. 1799.

Chap. 56.

: fit peril)ttnd-eiit magifliate in ay erett watch-11 oufcs where he thinks fit.

Appointment of high constable and peace office 1*3 . direct cd by 35 G. 3. c. 30. f. 13.

the lord lient. may appoint one high and four chief conAables, and Gne or more peace officers, aot exceeding 48, who shall have fame powers as those before appointed, on taking ;the oaih di-jreded;

fupenntend-ant magistrate may appoint 30 conllablts, with approbation of lord lictit;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

shall and may be lawful for the said superintendant magi£» trate to ered or provide such number of watch-houses as be shall think necessary for the accommodation of the watchmen to be appointed in pursuaned of this act, in such places as he shall think fit and moil convenient.

Ilk Whereas by the first recited act the superintendant magistrate of the district is directed to retain and employ such number of fit and able men as shall be necessary, furnished with proper arms and accoutrements to act as ministerial officers of the peace within the district aforesaid, for better preventing the commission of offences as well by night as by day, that is to say, not more than twenty-five men and one chief officer to do duty in each division of the district, making altogether fifty peace-officers and two chief peace-officers; and the superintendant magistrate is also thereby directed to appoint one chief peace-officer, to be called high constable of the district, such high constable to be appointed with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being: And whereas ft is expedient to reduce the number of peace‘officers so to be appointed to forty-eight, and to add two additional chief peace officers to the chief peace officers so directed to be appointed; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, from and immediately after the passing of this act, to appoint one high constable, four chief constables, and one or more peace-officers, not exceeding in the whole the number of forty-eight, in the lieu, and instead of the high constable, chief constable, and the peace-officers heretofore appointed under the provisions of the said recited acts, or any of them, who from and after the time of their appointments respectively, shall be, and are hereby respectively armed with all such powers and authorities as were under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or either of them, or virtue of any other act or acts of parliament already made, vested in the high constable of the district of the metropolis, chief pcacc-officer, or peace-officers, and on his or their taking the oath of office directed by this act to be taken; and the said superintendant magistrate for the time being, shall in like manner retain and employ thirty proper persons to act as constables of the watch within the said district, by < and

The thirty-ninth F’ear t/' George III.

and with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom for the time being, which constable shall nightly attend at the watch-houses where they shall be directed to attend, and fee that the several watchmen under their care diligently and faithfully attend their duty; that they are properly armed and accoutred, and that they observe such rules and directions as the said superintendant magi (Irate shall, from time to time give for the performance of their duty} and the said superintendant magistrate shall also retain and employ Sijc other proper persons to attend upon the offices of the fu* perintendant magistrate and divisional justices respectively} and all and every petty-constable, watch-constable, and office-eon (table so appointed, shall obey such lawful directions as they shall from time to time receive from the respective superintendant magistrates, divisional justices, chief peace-officers, or high constable for the due execution of the laws, and of the power and authority given by the said recited acts, or by any other act or acts of parliament heretofore made, or hereafter to be made to the said magistrates, or any of them.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said high constable, chief peace-officers, petty constables, watch constables, and office constables appointed, and to be appointed, or who Shall at *any time hereafter be appointed in pursuance of this act, shall before they enter on the duties of such offices take and subscribe the following oath before the superin--tendant magistrate of the district for the time being.:

3*5

A.D.

1799-Chap. 5 5.

duty of con* liable* }

Tup, magtf-trate to appoint fix per-long to attend hu and the di?. justices* offices; petty constable to obey fUperiors.

Oath to be taken by high constable, chief peace officers, petty watch and office constables, -on entering into office*

I A.B. do swear, that I will well and truly serve our

fevereign lord King George the th, the office of

that I will fee and cause his Majests peace to be well and truly kept and according to my.

power} that I will do my endeavours, that the watches in my

division be duly and regularly kep, without favour or afffeBion,

malice or evil will, according to law} and that the fatutes made for punishing rogues, dtfurbers of the peace, , and

night-walkers, and such other idle persons coming within my bounds and limits, be duly put into execution; that I will have d watchful eye to such persons as shall maintain or keep any common house or place where any unlawful game is or fall be ufedy

Oath.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

>799* Chap. 56.

as also to such as shall frequent or such or who shall

exercrje any unlawful games contrary to the law and fatutes of this kingdom; that will well and duly execute all precepts and warrants to me aireftcdfrom the justices of the peace of the trift oj the metropolis, according to law; and that I will well

and truly, -according to my power, and ability, do.

and execute all other things belonging to the office of

Jo long as I shall continue and

I will well and truly account for, and pay public money as I shall col left, levy, or raise within my , pursuant ta any warrant or precept to me directed, pursuant to my duty.

So help me God.

persons so appointed and sworn shall have full powers, kc. as by laws heretofore or hereafter made;

sup. magistrate’s certificate shall be evidence of appointment.

High constable nuy employ such watchnun s shall be necessary, not exceeding 500, to be armed as sup. ma-giliratethmks proper.

And all and every diigb-constable, chief peace-officer, petty-constable, watch-constable, and office-constable, appointed in purfuaqce of this act, who shall have taken and subscribed the said oath, and whose name shall be entered by the said superintendant roagiflrate for the time being, in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to all intents and purposes to be a constable j and shall within the said district, have and enjoy all such authority and power, and all such benefit, privilege, and advantage, as any constable duly and lawfully appointed, now has, or hereafter may have by virtue of any law or»custom, or of any act or acts heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, or by virtue of this present act, or otherwise; and that a certificate of such entry under the hand and seal of such superintendant magistrate, shall be sufficient evidence in all cases whatsoever, that such person or persons is or are nominated and appointed rodorluty as high-constable. chief peace-officer, petty-constable, watch-constable, or office-constable.

V. And be it enacted, That the said high-constable of the district, so soon as conveniently may be, and from time to time as there shall be occasion, shall retain and employ such number of fit and able men, not exceeding five hundred, as shall be necessary to be nightly watchmen within the said district, as he shall think fit, for the better preservation of the lives and property of the inhabitants, and for the more speedy apprehending of offenders against the peace, and other disorderly persons, such watchmen to be

armed,

The thirty-ninth IT ear-of George III.

*rmed, accoutred, and provided in such manner as the said superintendant magistrate shall think proper.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said high-constable, chieF peace-officers, petty-constables, watch-constables, office-constables, and watchmen in each division respectively, shall from time to time, and at all times be employed within the said district, in the preservation of the peace, and apprehending of offenders, in such manner as shall be judged most expedient, and directed by the said superintendant magistrate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the superintendant magistrate from time to time, to make rules and orders for regulating the duty of the said high-constable, chief peace-officers, petty-constables, watch-constables, office-constables, and watchmen, and for pTe- feribing the duty and service to be performed by them respectively, as the said superintendant magistrate shall think proper; such rules and orders to be approved of by the lord lieutenant, or general governor or governors of this kingdom for the time beingi and such petty-constables, watch-constables, office-constables, and watchmen, shall obey all such lawful rules and orders, and observe such subordination, and be subject to such authority of any officer acting under this act, as the said superintendant magistrate shall prescribe in that behalf and if any of the said petty-constables, watch-constables, office-constables, and watchmen, shall neglect or refuse to obey as aforesaid, he and they shall be subject and liable to such penalty, not exceeding forty shillings, or such imprisonment in the common gaol, not exceeding one month, as the said superintendant magistrate, or the said divisional justices respectively, after due examination and proof upon oath of one or more credible witness or witness, or the con-session of the party, shall impose and drred, or to be dismissed from their office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all rates and a'ffeffments which ha ve heen already made by the church wardens, under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or either of them, and which shall remain due and in arrear at the time of passing this act, shall and may be collected by collectors, to be appointed by the said superintendant magistrate, by instiument under his hand and seal t which col do rs,

5 E 2fo

387

A.D.

1799-Chap, 56.

High coa-stable and others to be employed at direde 1 by sup. magistrate.

Sup. magi ft rate may make rules for regulating the duty of high coalla- bit and others, with approbation of lord lieutenant?

penalty on petty and other confta-blet and watchmen far

disobedicooc of orders.

Arrears of taxes due may be collected by perfoHS appointeb by sup. magistrate, who shall hare full powers, Scc.

All balance* ' of money, books, arms. See. See. shall be delivered to sup. magistrate, after notice in Dublin Gazette, penalty joL

Sup. magistrate may raise and levy fame rates as church wardens could under said acts, and collectors appointed by him shall have like powers

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

so appointed, are hereby armed with all power and authority for collecting, receiving, and levying all such rates and assessments, and arrears thereof, as collectors of the watch rates and assessments were authorized, and armed with, under, and by virtue of the said recited acts, or either of them, for receiving, collecting, and levying the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That the several and respective officers within the district of the metropolis, who shall have been in any respect employed in the management of the watch therein, or of the funds applicable to the support thereof, shall immediately after the passing of this act, or in such time after as the superintendant magistrate shall by notice in the Dublin Gazette appoint For that purpose, deliver to the said superintendant magistrate, or to such officer or officers as he shall appoint, all such balances of money, books of accounts, books of assessment or collection, arms, accoutrements, lanterns, and watch coats, as shall be then in use, and in such parish, precind, or liberties respectivelyj and if any person hereby required to deliver such balances of money, books of account, books of assessment , or col-ledion, arms, accoutrements, lanterns, and watch coats in his possession, shall not so deliver the same as aforesaid, or who shall or may make aTalfe or unjust return or delivery thereof, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds sterling, the same to be recovered by information and conviction before any justice of the peace, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by confession of the party, and to be applied in aid of the funds for the maintenance of the watch.

X. Be it further enacted, That the superintendant magistrate of the district of the metropolis for the time being, shall be, and he is hereby, authorized from time to time, to raise and levy the like rates and assessments on all houses within the district of the metropolis, and all other places adjacent thereto, as the church-wardens of the respective parties were by the second of the said recited acts authorized and empowered to assess, raise, collect, and levy; and that the collector or collectors to be appointed by him, by instrument under his hand and seal, from time to time, shall have the like powers and authorities as collectors that have been heretofore appointed, under and by virtue of the said recited

acts

The thirty-ninth Year of George III._389

acts intended to be by this act amended, or either of them A.D. heretofore had; provided that the said superintendant ma- *'799* gistrate shall from time to time be accountable for all such sums as the collectors appointed by him from time to time fuP-,naglf-

r r 7 trate to ac-

shall collect* and levy, first deducing thereout nine pence in count for the pound for all sums collected by any collector appointed cd, deduaing by him. , 9dpcrPo«nd.

XI. And be it enacted, That for the better valuation and , Howto-

r . luations for

ascertaining of rents of homes within the district of the me-tropolis, and other places, in the second of the said recited b/mad*311 acts mentioned, where no valuation for minister’s money Jvhert "one

J have taken

shall have taken place at the time of any assessment to be place j made by him in pursuance of this and said former acts, that it shall and may be lawful for the superintendant magistrate, by instrument under his hand and seal, to appoint three respectable inhabitants, being house-holders and builders, whom he shall think fit to make, and ascertain a valuation of such houses, which valuation of such houses shall be returned to the fupejintendant magistrate, with an affida- lo vit of the valuators thereto annexed, made before a justice bemadeby

YAiU^tori {

of the peace, purporting, that such valuation was made by them to the best of their (kill and judgment, without partiality or favour to any person or persons concerned or intended therein, and that in making the same, consideration was had to a fair and reasonable rent, according to the mode usually pursued in valuing houses for minister’s money, which such vaiua-valuation so made, shall, for the purposes of this and the? evidence, for said former acts only, and for no other purpose, be deemed ^pa°ft and evidence of the rent of such houses j and the houses so va- former act*

only.

iued shall be subject to pay the like rates and assessments, according to their valuation, as houses of like value are subjected to by the second of said recited acts, with all remedies for the superintendant magistrate, from time to time to alfefs the fame for the maintenance of the watch, and for the collectors appbinted by him to cotledt and levy the same, as in said recited acts are contained; for receiving, levying, and collecting agreeable to the value of houses in said last recited act mentioned.

XII. Provided always, That so soon as any valuation shall Valuations be made of said houses, under the laws now or hereafter to b°e The accept

5 F

kg ed valuations.

1

39°

A.D.

‘799-

Chap. 56.

Publicans in whole houses jour* fteymen, apprentices, fer-var.ts, la* tourers, artificers, watchmen or females, are found drinking or gaming after 11 o’clock at flight, forfeit *L

for feeond offence, forfeit bonds entered into; and for third, forfeit li-confcs.

Not to repeal clauses n 35 G. 3. for puniflting persons as herein.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

be in being, for regulating the said minister’s money, the said valuation shall be the accepted valuation thereof.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every victualler or person felling, or licensed to fell beer, ale, or spirituous liquors, in whose dwelling-house or other place, any journeyman, apprentice, soldier, servant, labourer, artificer, watchman, or person of the female sex, shall by the said superintendant magistrate, or by any divisional justice, or by any chief peace officer or petty constable, watch constable, or office constable, appointed by the said superintendant magistrate, be found drinking, tipling, or gaming after eleven o’clock at night, whether all or any of said persons be, or be not a lodger or lodgers, inmate or inmates, in such house or place, shall upon the view of the said superintendant magistrate, or of any such divisional justice, or on confession of the party, or upon due examination and proof thereof made by one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of two pounds for the first offence, to be levied out of the goods of such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such superintendant magistrate, or of such divisional or other justice as the case may be; and if a feeond time (b convicted of the like offence, his or her bond, entered into at the time of obtaining such license or licences as aforesaid shall be forfeited; and if a third time so convicted of the like offence, such license or licenses shall be thereupon null and void, and that it shall not be necessary, in order to warrant any such conviction, that the person or persons (b found drinking, tipling, or gaming, be previously, or at all convicted thereof.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act mentioned shall extend, or be construed to extend to repeal, or make void any clauie or clauses in the said first recited act, for the puni(Linent of any journeyman, apprentice, servant, -or labourer, found drinking, tipling, or gaming, at unfea-sonable hours, by such persons as therein mentioned, or of any victualler or person felling, or licensed to fell beer, ale, or spirituous liquors, in whose dwelling-house or other place, any such journeyman, apprentice, servant, or labourer, shall be so found.

Sup nr-

to

via ,. lif :iew Of kil-

XV. And be it enacted, That the said superintendant magistrate shall, from time to time, and so often as it shall be 3 necessary

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

necessary and proper, visit and inspe<fi his Majesty's new gaol at Kilmainham, in the same manner as by the first herein recited act he was dircded to Visit and insped the old gaol there, and that he shall as often as it shall appear expedient, make a true report to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and to the judges of his Majesty's court of King’s bench, and also to the two houses of parliament, of the Aate and condition thereof, with his observations and remarks thereupon.

XVI. And whereas by a clause in the said second recited act, certain parts therein named of Saint Peter’s parish, lying between the Circular Road and Grand Canal, were included within the difirid, in consequence of a petition from the inhabitants to parliament, and have since received the benefit* of the said recited acts, and been subject to the taxes imposed by the fame: And whereas there are other parts of the said parish lying between the said Circular Road and the Grand Canal, whose inhabitants do also receive an equal protection from the watch establishment, but by reason of the omission of the names of said places in said recited acts, the inhabitants evade paying the assessment: Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of Gordon’s-lane, Peter’s-place, and such other parts of the said parish as lie between the Circular Road and Grand Canal, shall be considered as part of the difirid of the metropolis, for the purposes of this and the said recited acts, and that the inhabitants therein residing shall, from time to time, pay all such taxes, rates, and assessments, as now are, or shall be hereafter imposed upon householders inhabiting the parish of Saint Peter, within the said Circular Road, the same to be levied, recovered, applied, and accounted for in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as other house rates under this and the said recited act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That where any rate hereby, or by the said former acts, or either of them, directed to be collected, shall not be paid on the second demand made at the house subject to the payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the collectors to be appointed by the superintendant magistrate, in pursuance of this act, to distrain the goods in

S F 2 such

mainham, and report the state, &c. to lord lieut. King’s bench, and both houses of parliament.

Certain parts between Circular Road and G. Canal were included in Peter’s parish;

other parts receive protection, and do not pay assessments:

parts of St. Peter’s parish herein described shall pay taxes as if within Circular Road.

Collectors may distraia, if taxes are not paid on second demand, and distress fold in 10 days after.

3§2 a. b.

1799.

Chap. 56.

Form of juf-tification, in case of replevin. x

'Certificate of sup. mngif-trate shall be conclusive evidence.

Collectors, Ac. once dif-mifTed, Audi never serve again.

Publicans shall not be condabka.

What shall be the condition of the recognizance entered into by the sup. -jnagiilrate.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

such house, and Jo sell the same if the said rate be not paid within ten days after disttefs made; and if any person shall replevy the goods so distrained, it shall be sufficient in law for the collector to justify the taking, in the form following, or to that efied:

" Becatfethe said A.B. was at the time when (and so forth) a collector of ike rate for the watch of the , and that the sum of was the af effect

to be levied out of the house in which (and so forth) for the sup-fort of the watch, in the city of Dublin, for the year ending

and that the fame Viatk been twice demanded, and was not paid, but was due at the time when, (and so fort $ )"

XVIII. And be it enacted, That a certificate signed by the superintendant magistrate of the difirid, that the person so jufiifying, was at the time of taking such distress such collector, and that such sum was assessed on such house as the rate to be paid towards the maintenance of the watch of the metropolis, shall be admitted as conclusive evidence of the said fads.

XIX. And be it enacted, That any collector, or other officer of the said watch establishment, who shall have been once dismissed or discharged for mifeondud, shall for ever after be incapable of fer.vine in any of the said offices.

XX. And be it enacted, That no person felling malt or fpifituous liquors, shall be eligible to the office of petty-constable, watch-constable, or office- con liable.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the condition of the recognizance acknowledged by the present superintendant magistrate, under the said second recited act, on his appointment to the said office, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and considered, to all intents and purposes, to extend to his duly accounting for, and paying all such monies as shall remain in his hands, arising from all and singular the taxes, fines, penalties, and forfeitures directed, or to be directed by this or any other act of parliament, to be raised, collected, and levied by the superintendant magistrate of the district of the metropolis; and that the recognizance to be acknowledged by every future superintendant magistrate,

J

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

under the said second recited act, shall, instead of being conditioned as in the said' ad is mentioned, be conditioned that he will, from time to time, and as required by any act or acts of parliament in fotce, duly account for, and pay all such monies as shall remain in his hands, arising from all and singular the taxes, fines, penalties, and forfeitures directed, or to be directed by any act or acts in force,' to be raised, collected, and levied by the superintendant magistrate of the district of the metropolis.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of accounts shall, every half year, examine" and audit the accounts of the superintendant magistrate of the said dif-trid.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases of complaints or informations under this or the said recited acts, or either of them, for any offence for which any fine or pecuniary penalty is to be imposed by virtue of said acts, or any or either of them, the informer or prosecutor shall be admitted a competent witness to prove the offence.

XXIV. And whereas some doubts have arisen touching the construdiort of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating hackney and other carriages plying in the city of , its suburbs and

liberties, and within seven miles thereof whether the superin-

tendant magistrate for the district of the metropolis has power and authority by the said act to license persons who shall dwn, keep, or drive any cart, car, dray or other carriage, belonging to any merchant, trader, manufacturer, or artificer,- be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the superintendant magistrate aforesaid shall have full power and authority, and he is hereby empowered and required, from time to time, and at all times, to license all persons who shall own, keep, or drive any weggon, wain, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, , belonging to any merchant, trader, manufacturer, or artificer, and employed within the said city, its suburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, by such persons in fhch their trades or occupations, or in the carriage of any matter or thing fold, used, or employed, or that is usually

Commissioners of account* to audit iup. nia-gitlr. o’s accounts half-yearly.

Informers or prosecutor* shall be competent wit-nelies.

37G.358.3.

sup magistrate may license cars, carts, &c.|&c. belonging to merchants, traders, &c.

394

A.D.

r *799-‘Miap. 56.

and waggons, rears, Ac. belonging to ipurchasers or fellers of goods carried by themj lub-j.e& to fines, AentSj Ac,

Waggons, rears, Ac be* longing to builders, Jimo'jurnera, fcavangers, Ac, &c. within three miles x>f city, shall be liable to rfines for li-iCenfes, Ac.

suit to extend £0 carnages bringing hay, <Corn, vegetables, trees, Ac,

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

carried, sold, used, or employed in such their respective trades or occupations, and also to lieenfe ail persons who shall own, keep, or drive any waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or other carriage belonging to any person and employed within the said city, its suburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, in the carriage of any matter or thing sold to any person deriving pecuniary profit from the sale or purchase thereof, or belonging to any such person and every person who shall own, keep, or drive any waggon, wain, ear, cart, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any such merchant, trader, manufacturer, artificer, or other person, and so employed as aforesaid, is hereby declared to be subject to the fame fines and annual rent, and to be liable to the like penalties for not obtaining such lieenfe as by said recited act are directed to be paid, reserved, and levied from all such persons as are particularly described and enumerated in the said recited act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, every waggon, wain, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any brewer, builder, archited, carpenter, stone-cutter, brick-layer, lime-burner, plaisterer, fcavanger, nursery-man, fecds-man, factor, person dealing on commission, merchant, trader, manufacturer, or artificer, and employed by any of them within said city, its suburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, in the carriage of any matter or thing whatsoever, which any of such persons foall have on commission or shall have fold, whether such be the materials or produce of their respective trades or occupations or not, shall be deemed liable to the fines for lieenfe, and to the annual rent by said recited act directed to be paid, and shall bear such like mark of distinction expressing the number of such cart, car, dray, or carriage, as by said act is jdireded, and shall be subject to the like penalties for not obtaining such lieenfe and for not having such mark, and recoverable in the like manner as by said recited act are imposed and directed to be recovered; provided that nothing herein shall extend to subject any carriage to a lieenfe on account «f its being employed in bringing hay, straw, corn, vegetables, or potatoes, or nursery mens carts drawing trees to or from town, or manure from town to market.

3 XXVI. And

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 595

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in every case where any A.D. person shall be convicted of any offence against this a or any of the acts herein before recited, by any justice of the peace, such conviction shall be signed by such justice or other person or persons empowered by law to make the fame, and which

J., , r shall be ia

shall be in the following form of words, or any other form following of words to the fame effect, according to the nature of the fonn* case, that is to say.

County of ' A. B

in the County of is convicted on his own confession, or on the oath or oaths

of (as the case may be)

of having (here defer ibethe offence) given under my hand and fealy this day of

form of co«r vi&ioa.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be the duty of the said high constable to muster and to pay the peace officers, watch constables and watchmen, and the superintend-ant magistrate shall weekly out of the monies which shall come into his hands, pay to the said high constable sufficient sums to defray the weekly pay of the said peace officers, watch constables and watchmen, and that the lord mayor for the time being, shall have a power at all times to muster and review the said watch, and the said superintendant magistrate and high constable shall, from time to time, and so often as they shall respectively be required, make reports and

returns to the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant for the time being.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no fines which may be imposed under, and by virtue of the said recited act, or under this present act, shall be reduced more than one-half, and one-fifth of all fines shall go to the chief peace officer of the division in which such fine shall be levied, and the remaining part thereof to be paid to the informer.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any chief peace officer or watch constable shall take any money, gratuity or reward for not giving information of any matter or thing done contrary to the provisions of the said recited act, or for liberating any person confined on any charge, such chief peace officer, peace officer or watch constable shall be dismissed from

5 G 2 his

fclgh constable to pay constables and watchmen weekly;

lord mayor may review watchmfeu;

sup mag. and high constables to make returns to chief fee.

Red u& ion and application of fees.

Punishment on peace officers or constables for taking bribes;

3S)6 . A.D.

‘799-

Chap. 56.

watchmen staking bribes*

Sup. magistrate to lodge money ito b. of Ireland when it amounts to Jool.

Suits for matters done under this act shall commence within three months after cause;

def. may plead the general HTue;

treble costs £0 def. if plaintiff be non-suited, Sc c.

Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form, but persons aggrieved may recover special damages.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. ‘

of his said office or offices respectively, on proof upon oath piade before the fupei intendant magistrate, or on any indictment to be tried in the city of Dublin, before the recorder of the said city of Dublin, such person or persons shall be fined and imprisoned in such manner as the court shall diredi; and if any watchman shall take any money, gratuity or reward for liberating any person confined on any charge, that then, and in such case, such watchman shall be forthwith dismissed, and upon proof made of such misconduct, he being found guilty thereof on any, indictment to be tried in the city of Dublin, before the recorder of the said city of Dublin, such person or persons shall be whipped, fined and imprisoned in such manner as the court fin 11 direct.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the superintend-ant magistrate shall, from time to time, pay all such Turn and sums of money as he ilia 11 from time to time receive, when the same shall amount to the sum of one hundred pounds fierling, in the bank of Ireland, the fame from time to time to be applied in, manner hcicin before mentioned.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any action, Tuit or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any matter or thing, which he or -they shall do in pursuance, or by virtue or execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within three months next after the alleged cause of action or information shall accrue, and the^defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence against the plaintiff, upon any trial to be had ..thereupon; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become non-suit, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against the plaintiff or prosecutor, or judgment pass against him, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs against such plaintiff or prosecutor, for which there shall be like remedy, as in any case where co(\s by law are given to defendants.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That where any distress shall be made, or any person apprehended for any fine or forfeiture inflicted for any offence against this act, the taking of such distress, or of such person, shall not be deemed unlawful, nor (he party or parties taking the fame be deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in the warrant or warrants, or any proceedings relating

thereto.

T/*? thirty-ninth Year- of George.TIT.

thereto, nor be deemed a trespasser or trespaiTers, ab - on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done, committed or permitted, by the party executing such warrant, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity.may recover satisfaction for the special damage only, by action on the case.

XXXIII. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any a<3ion for such irregularity, trespass or other proceedings, if tended of sufficient amends shall be'made" i by,< or on behalf of the defendant or defendants, before such

action brought; and in case no such"tertder shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such a ft ion, if he or they shall think > fit, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit 5 whereupon‘ such ’proceedings or-order and judgment shall be made and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the the defendant

is allowed to pay money into tourt.

XXXIV. Whereas by an act of parliament passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of hisiate Adajedy George the fird, entitled, for and

continuing lights'in the city of Dublin, the everal liberties -adjoining, and -also in the cities of Cork find limerick, and liberties thereof, has been revived as amended for twenty-one "years from the first of May, one thousand seven hundred /*and weighty-four, and to,the end of the then next feflioa: ^.nd'whereas the liberty of Saint Sepulchre’s has been and 'now is without lamps to light the fame, be it therefore enacted, That the fenefehai of "the said liberty of Saint Se-pulchre’s, by "and with the approbation of the grand jury 'thereof, --shall have full power and authority to ere<3 and fix lanterns or lamps, of such dimensions, and at such didances, and to continue for such ..periods, and to remove or take down the fame, as to him and them shall seem most fit, and sto applet and levy the expence thereof upon the inhabitants vof said liberty, in such manner as the miniders money is now rraiTed within the same, and likewise shall have full power ewith like approbation to pave and cleanse the said liberty, and applot the expence thereof in manner aforesaid.

Vol. XIX. j ll XXXV. And

Plaintiff* shall not recover if FutTi-cient amend* were tendered;

defendant* may pay into court befus*e issue is joined.

By 23 & 24 G. 3. c. caff 3. 6 G. i-c. 18. for ereeling lights, was amended for 21 years, from 1st May,

1784-;

St. Sepulchre’s has no lights; feucfchal and g. jury of *St. Sepulchre’s may cre& lamps, fcc. and may pave and applot, Ac.

398

A.D.

A publick act, and to continue one year, from 24th June, 1799» and end of next session.

~Y*i£aQible.

Person* i against whom aommissions of bankruptcy were awarded . between 1 Nov 1798, and T May, 1799, and who- have in: all things con-Jbnatdjto

The thirty-ninth Year ^ George flf.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this act be deemed1 and considered as a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such without the fame seeing "specially pleaded, and that the same shall continue <arid; be in- force for one whole year, from the twenty-foutthJday of June, one thousand seven hundred and* ninety-nine, and from thence to the end of the ihenoiextfeflion of parliament, ancf no longer.

CHAP. LVII.

An Act for the Relief of Uncertified Bankrupts.

Saturday the first day. of June, one tho seven hundred and

Royal AJfentgiven.

JOHK GAYER, D. CLER'. PAKL.

WHEREAS there are federal persons: against whom comrorflions of bankruptcy have been issued, under . the great seal of Ireland, on or before thefijflday nf May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, who have not obtained their certificates under such commissions, either through the obstinacy of feme of their credit tots, or on account of fomeother unforeseen misfortunes, by which means persons are deprived of acquiring a livelihood for themselves and their respective families, although Arch persons have , in all other respects conformed' themselves to the several acts now in force concerning uncertified bankrupts: And whereas it 19 reasonable to make a provision for the relief of such persons, for which purpose be it enacted, by the King’s most excellent* Majesty, ‘ by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, itfliaH and may be lawful to and for all and every person and por-. fons against whom a commission of bankruptcy was awarded after the first day of November, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and on or before the first day of 'May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and who in all tl ings conformed himself, herself, and them--5 felvea

thirty-ninth IT gar d/' Geoi’geKI;

399

selves to the several acts of parliament now in force concern.- A- D. ing bankrupts, and who have furreridcred. and submitted I,79^» themselves to the said’commission, and who have not been committed for contumacy or non-conformity, and yet have

J J J aodt have nut

not obtained' their certificates 'under such conunifiions, shall got’certifi.-

and may apply by petition to the lord* chancellor, lord keeper, .,7tion th7w or lords commissioners of the great Teal for the time being, chi",cel!or; fotting-forth the true circumstances of the case relative to

-such commission, and certificate, having preuioufiy given

notice to the agent of such commission, and to the assignees notice t<»

of his estate and effects of such his- intended application, and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords conim’iirioners shall comn-.lffi.m. ..have power and authority to dire 61 and order the acting*com- the con for- lnifiioners in their respective commissions named, or the major mi'fnr m*n"

r J contprnmy,

part of them, tocertify to the lord chancellor, lord keeper,

or lords commissioners, the conformity or -non-conformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matters as to

them shall seem necessary concerning the same, (the said acting connhissioners, or the major part of- them being hereby authorized and required so to do); and the said lord chancellor, lord-chancel-

1 , lor may oriU r

lord keeper, or lords-commimoners, shall thereupon have an adverse- , power and authority, if he or they ‘shall-think fit t:o direct nenQ^e^|b'

and order an advertHement to be inserted in the Dublin Ga- for allowance

of certificate;

zette, for the allowance of such bankrupts certificate, although the same shall not appear to have been signed, ar corifeoted to by fourrfifth? in number and value of the ere- ditofs of speh bankrupt, agreeable to the act of parliament

’made in the Seventh and twelfth 'years q£ his present Majesty's reign, h) the same manner and form -as if the said

certificate had been signed or consented to as aforesaid; and the er*ditws of every such "bankrupt shall )>e *t liberty to go

i before the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, and shew esufe why such certificate (houtd not be' creditors may f granted , and in case no sufficient cause shall be shewn to the ag^Tn^g^ant-NConUary within the time limited by the said advertiseqaept, ths said lprd chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, if'not fuJS-i-foall have power and authority to allow such bankrupt's-certificate, the fame being signed by the said fading commissioners, ,or the major part^Pf them, in the like manner as'if tl?e fame jiad been signed and corticated to agreeable to the esaid ' before mentioned act; and the fame being so -allowed,

£ -H 2_shall

T racier®

may not have kept book*;

f;*.ch bankrupts may petition lord chancellor, Hating particulars, who my order certiricates, if requisites were perform* cd.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

shall be of the fame force and efiefl, to all intents and puf-poses as a certificate allowed pursuant to the foveral statutes now in force within this kingdom.

II. And whereas it may -oftentimes happen that traders, either.through ignorance or misfortune, may not have kept regular books, pursuant to the provisions of the laws relating- to bankrupts,: by which means, as the law (lands, many, innocent and unfortunate bankrupts are thereby precluded from obtaining their certificates, notwithstanding that they have in every other respect been entitled thereto, be it enacted, That every such bankrupt trader may, from and after the passing of this act, petition the lord chancellor or commissioners, oc keeper of the great foal for the time being, fotting forth the special circumstances of his case, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said lord chancellor, lord keeper or commissioners of the great foal, upon due investigation thereof, to make such order for allowing the certificate or certificates of such bankrupt as aforesaid, provided that it shall appear that in every other respect the said bankrupt fi:all have fully’complied with all ether requisites necef-. fary to entitle him thereto.

<CHAP. rrviii.

/An /in to continue and amend <an Att, pajftd in the eighth Year of His Maje , Entitled, An to

regulate the Trade of , to prevent

Frauds on His Majestys Revenue by Reflifers of Spirits.

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety~ninef

Royal A/jent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

' -itUe-pe- "WHEREAS it is expedient lo continue and amend an tiuueand \\ act> passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's rectiivii^aA re*§n> entitled. An xift to regulat

3^Gf^fri0U8’ rits, an^ to prevent frauds on his Majestys revenue by -' fers of spirits: Be it enacted by the King’s most excellent

Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament

'The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said a<£l shall be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session. of parliament, and no longer.

II. And to prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue, by persons keeping (fills for re&ifying or compounding spirits in improper places, be it enacted, That no license shall be granted to any person to keep a Hill for re&ifying or compounding spirit-a at any place* not being a market town, where one or more market or markets are and shall be held weekly, unless a gauger shall be stationed in such place, and that every license to keep such dill shall be null and void, Xo.soon as the person or persons who shall have obtained such license shall use such (fill.in any other place than that expressed in the license.; and if the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue -think it expedient to refuse a license to any person to keep a (till for rectifying or compounding spirits, such person shall not be entitled to any such .-license.

said dull continue until 29 Sept. lSoo, and end of next session.

Places in wllicit li-confci shall not be granted for recti-tying;

commissionen*

:nay refute lice nfe*.

CHAP. LIX.

An Act to enable His Majesty's F, under Orders of 'March, to pass through Turnpikes and over , Toll free.

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine)

' Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS it often becomes necessary to march his pffanB^t Majesty's forces, under orders from their respective ‘Commanders, through the several turnpike gates, and over several bridges in this kingdom where tolls are taken from ^passengers: and whereas doubts have arisen whether his Majesty's forces; or their necessary baggage on such their marches, are liable to said tolls,; belt enacted by the King’s mo ft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent *of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

4° 2 / A.D.

'7lJ9*

All hi* Ma-

jtfly \ iorv.cs, baggiJire, &c. may p,.fgtumj.ik'S and budges, on producing . order*.

2ol penalty* on an officer for giving such order except for military duty*

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

That all and every part of his Majesty's forces, marching of passing through laid turnpike gates, end over such" bridges, and also their i ars and carriages with baggare and ammunition,' shall, upon- producing an order in writing, signed by an officer having the command of the party,' or person or persons, or carriage or carriages respectively so passing, shall pafsT over said bridge or bridges, or through said gate or gates respectively, toll free, and altogether discharged: therefrom.

II. Provided always, That no person,* or any carriage, shall be entitled to have or obtain any such order, unless on march, or under order for. military duty ;<and* if any officer or other person shall give such order for any other purpose or occasion. he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be sued for and recovered by civil bill, before the chairman of session in the county where such gates, or any part of said bridge is situate, on action brought by the tru flees or proprietors of said tolls respectively.

CHAP. LX.

An Act for the better Regulation of Stock

Saturday the frjl day of June, one t/even hundred and

Royal AJJent given.

JOHN CATER, D. CLEBU EARL.

TPicambH ‘'^WHEREAS the establishing of regulations by which▼ proper persons only will’be permitted to act as stock-brokers, for the felling and buying of government flock, and government securities, and by which the prices-at which such flock and securities shall be bought and Ibid.

shall be known to the fellers and buyers of such flock and securities, will be beneficial to the proprietors and ^urchafers of such flock and securities, wherefore be it enacted by the King?s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the change to be fame. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, estabiiflicdw one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, a flock exchange

3~he thirty-ninth Year ^ George'HI.

change shall he established in the city of Dublin, 'atTuch A. *D. convenient place, and subject to such rules and regulations ^79^ as shall be approved of by the lords of his Majesty's treasury, and that no person shall act in the capacity of a flock-broker in the felling or buying of any government 'flock, or by tordrof government securities on commission, without having taken

out a license for that purpose, under the hands of two or

more of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury; >artd tochperfoa*, no such license shall be granted, unless* the commissioners of °h!l< fitt®* his Majesty's treasury shall think that the person-applying for^kenT f the fame, is a proper person to be licensed.

II. And be it enacted, That every such person shall,' be- BondWfce fore such license be granted, enter into a bond to his Majesty, beforeali-in the penalty of" two thousand pounds for himfetf, artd two securities of five hundred pounds each, conditioned, that ?»ed*here-he will not during the time he shall continue to be licensed,

buy or fell such flock or securities, for himself or on his own account, when employed by any person not being a broker, to purchase or fell such flock or securities, and that v he will keep a book to contain entries of all such flock and securities as shall be fold and bought by him, describing the names of the persons to whom he shall fell such flock and securities, and the amount of every sale to every person, and the price at which the same shall be fold.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lordsfef for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three

or more of them, whenever it shall appear to their satisfaction that any person to whom any such license shall be granted is unfit to be licensed, by order under their hands, to annul such license, and from thenceforth fudh license shall be null and void.

IV. And be it enacted, That every person who after the yoc*;

:twenty-fourth day of June aforesaid, shall act as a flock- whoaftas"* broker, in felling or buying any government flock or government securities on commission, without having taken out ’9? »with*

r err Ollt

such license, or having a license for the purpose of force,

every such person shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and every person acting as broker in the felling and buying of any such flock or securities on commission, who shall adorer tife, or cause to be advertised the sale or buying thereof,

or shall affix to any part of his house any notification that t

5 I any

4<M

S took -broker* to give accounts to pei suns for . wlioiti they fell, as hciein diicdled, and tocntcr lame in books* which they Hi all flic w’* to such persons on demand, penalty tool, and diiqualification.

loci, penalty for taking more than 2%. 6d. per . cent.

7te tririy-mu:,'.'i cut v.<torge III.

any such flock cr ft;- ’.oitirs are to hs fold or bought by him, and who shall fc'.i or buy the fame on commission, and shall not have a lieenfe for that purpose of force, shall forfeit the Turn of five hundred pounds.

V. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid, shall every time he shall fell to any person any government flock, or any government focurity, either in debentures or exchequer or treasury bills, give to the person for whom he fold the fame an account in writing, signed with his name, of the quantity of such flock or government security foTold, to whom the fame was fold, and the true rate of purchase or price paid for the same, and shall enter into the said book, to be kept by him, a like account, together with the name of the person for whom hfe fold the fame, and shall at the request of the person for whom such flock or securities shall have been fold, shew to him or her the entry therein relative to the flock fold for such person j and if any person who shall be so licensed, shall fell for any person any such flock or securities, and shall not give such account in writing, as aforesaid, to the person for whom lie shall have fold the fame, or shall not keep such book, and make such entries therein as aforesaid, or shall not at such request as aforesaid, permit the person for whom he shall have fold such flock or securities, to inspefl the entries therein, of the account of flock so fold, or shall insert in the said account, or in the said book, any false account of the price at which such flock or securities wxre fold or bought, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sura of one hundred pounds, and be disqualified from ever after acting as a flock-broker in this kingdom.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every such broker, as aforesaid, to demand and take from every person for whom he shall fell any such flock or securities, and from every person to whom he shall sell the same, a fee at the rate of two shillings and sixpence for each one hundred pounds of such flock or securities, and no more, for brokerage or commission; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid, shall take or receive directly or indirectly, any money or other reward or thing for brokerage or commission for the felling or buying any such flock as aforesaid, above

the

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

the rate aforesaid, every such person shall, for every offence* forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That all penalties imposed by this act may be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed and considered as a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of a9 such without the fame being specially pleaded.

Penalties may be recovered by any person tiling.

A publick act

CHAP. LXI.

An Act to revive and continue the several Laws relating to the Curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the felling thereof and ifor preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom.

Saturday tht first day $f June, ene thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal AJJent given.

JOHN CAYRR, D. CLER. PARL.

WHEREAS an act passed in the eighth year of the reign G. i. c. 7.

of his late Majesty, George the first, entitled, An ail I° g. i. c. 5. for the further amendment of the laws in relation to butter and *3* v

tallow, casks and bides, and other commodities of this , wiou* acts

and for preventing the defruHion of salmon, which ad was conti- £utter*and nued and amended by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, George the first, entitled. An act for con- and to fct-tinuing and amending the laws in relation to butter , and moa}

the casks in which such goods are to be made , and in relation to the

curing of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation^ and for preventing the defruBion of salmon; and was further continued and amended by another ad, passed in the twelfth year of his said late Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for explaining and amending an ail)entitled, An act for the continuing and amending of the laws

in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and in r elation to the curing of and making

said act were continued to 2 9,.Sept. 1791, and end jof next session

said acts, so far as they relate to hides and skins, have been beneficial 5

Yaid acts are hereby reviv- ' ed, so far as they relate to hides and skins, for 21 years, and to end of next session, except as hereby altered.

Times and places at which green hides and skins, or hides and skins in the hairs shall be fold

market opened and elofed by ring of bell;

peefons who buy or fell within 5 miles of market, in any

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

vlrrf arl(ipork for exportation, and for preventing the dtf ruction of filrnon; and was further continued and amended by another

act, passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty, George the second, entitled, An act for continuing and amending the laws now in force in relation to butler and tal, and the in goods are to be made up, and for the curing of , and macing

up beef and pork for exportation, and for preventing the dfruition

oj filmon; which said acts were by several acts-continued, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: And whereas the said acts, so far as tlaey relate to the curing of hides, and regulating the sale cf hides and calf skins, and preventing injuries to hides and skins, by gathing or flawtering the fame, and the committing of frauds by the tellers thereof, have been found beneficial to trade, and it is necessary to revive and continue the said acts, and to eftahlith feme further regulations relating to the matters aforesaid; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and Mvith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said recited acts, so far as they relate to the curing of hides, and regulating the sale of hides and calf skins, and preventing such injuries to hides and skins as aforesaid, and the committing of frauds by the fellers thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, save as to such parts thereof as are by this act altered, and the fame, together with this act, shall continue of force for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That in every city or town corporate, where a market-place has been, or shall be established, by the chief magistrate thereof, for exposing all green hides or skins to sale, and where a sworn weigli-maftei has been, or shall be appointed, pursuant to the said acts, all green hides and skins, or hides and skins in the hair, to be sold within such city or town corporate, or within five miles thereof, shall be brought to such market to be sold, and such market shall be held on four days in every week, that is to say, on every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday in every week, which market shall be opened by ring of bell, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, and shall close in the same manner, at the hour of three of the clock in the afternoon j and if any person shall buy or fell any such hides or skins, kips or runners in any other place within such city or town corporate, or within five miles thereof, than in such market, or on any other.

3 da7

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

i\'" ihan such market days, or shall buy or fell in such market any inch hides or skins, kips or runners, before the said hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, or after the said hoqr of three of the clock in the afternoon, every such person shall forfeit ten shillings for every hide and horse (kin, and five shillings for every calf (kin, kip, runner, or other {kin, so bought and sold.

III. And in order to prevent frauds in the felling of hides and skins, be it enacted, That if any hide or (kin with any cut, flaw, or ga(h therein, or any hide or skin fraudulently watered or clogged with any filth, by which the weight thereof shall be encreased, shall be exposed to sale, the person exposing the same to sale shall, for every such hide forfeit a sum not exceeding ten shillings, nor less than five shillings, and for every such (kin, kip, runner, or horse skin, forfeit a sum not exceeding five shillings, nor less than two shillings and six pence ;and if any hide sold by weight, shall have any part of the (hank, as low as the dew claws thereon, or with more of the feuil than the root of the horns remaining thereon, or wtth check or breech pieces, or rump, farther than the breech thereon, be exposed to sale, the person ex-.poiing the same to sale shall, for every such hide, forfeit the sum of ten shillings; and every hide and (kin, in respect of which any person is hereby made subject to any penalty or' forfeiture, shall and may be detained by the weigh-master at any such market, or his deputy, for security of such penalty; and if such penalty shall not be paid in two days, such hide or (kin shall and may be sold by such weigh-master, or his deputy, for payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein, or in the said recited acts contained shall extend, or be construed to prevent the felling or buying by hand, and not by weight, in the said market in Dublin, of any raw or green hides, or skins of cattle, flaugh-tered in Dublin, or the suburbs thereof, as heretofore hath been accustomed.

V. And in order to determine any difference which may arise between the feller and buyer of any gre.cn, lalted, and dried hides, or skins in the hair, in the city of Dublin; be it enacted, That the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, for the time being, shall nominate seven reputable and (kilful persons, of the trade of tanners, to whom, or any three or more of them, all such disputes and differences shall be referred to' be heard and determined, and before any person so nominated shall act, he shall take an oath before the said lord mayor, which oath the said lord mayor is hereby empowered to administer, that in all such references to him he will do equal justice between the parties; and where any complaint

SK 3 shall

407

A.D.

1799-

Chap. 61.

other place, or on any other time,

forfeit I Os. per hide, or 58. per skin

penalties fer felling tides or skins flawed, watered, or dogged;

penalty for exposing hides to sale, with parts herein described;

weigh-maf-ters to detain hides, and fell them for penalties, if not paid in two days.

Not to prevent felling by hand in Dublin

lord mayor to appoint ti mers to settle disputes in Dublin, and to swear them;

408

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

'799-Chap. 61.

determination of referees shall be final;

-penalty on re-

ferees who do mot attend,

Ac.

Barit to be ^weighed in a vessel containing I Ct. weight, and delivered in

lack* i Ct. *ach, penalty 5*. per draught, to be levied by distress, for the poor of *heparifli;

shall be made to the said lord mayor, the said lord mayor is hereby required to issue an ord$r requiring the said referees, or any three or more of them, to meet and hear, and determine the matter of such complaint; and the determination of the referees, or the ma> jority of them who shall so meet, not less than three, shall be final and conclusive to all parties; and in case any of the persons so nominated shall not obey such order, and shall not assign good and sufficient cause on oath, or shall not determine such difference within tweoty-four hours after the time which shall be appointed for their meeting* then each of the persons offending shall forfeit a sum not less than five pounds, nor more! than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, by warrant, under the hand and seal of the said lord mayor, or other chief magistrate, and to be paid over to the church-wardens of the parish where such difference shall have arisen, to be distributed amongst the poor of such parish; and in case the referees to whom such difference shall be referred, or any three or more of them shall determine against, the feller of any hide or skin on which such difference (half have arisen, then such penalty as by the said aits, or this act is inflid-«ed, in respect of every such hide or skin,' shall be levied and recovered as by the said acts, or this act, is directed and appointed.

VI. And to prevent frauds in the weighing of bark imported into this kingdom, and in the delivery thereof to the purchasers of such bark by the carriers thereof, and to enable the purchasers to detect frauds; be it enacted, That all bark which shall be delivered from any ship or vessel, or ware-house, shall be weighed in a calk or vessel, to contain at each draught one hundred weight of such bark, and shall be emptied from such vessel into sacks, and the like weight, and not more, shall be put into each facie, and shall be so carried and delivered to the buyer of such bark j and if any bark shall be weighed, carried, or delivered in any other manner than as aforesaid, the person by or from whom the same shall have been so weighed or carried, shall respectively for every draught so made, or sack so carried, forfeit the sum of five Shillings, the same to be forthwith recovered upon conviction of the party offending, either on his own confession, or on proof on the oath of one credible witness, before the chief magistrate, or justice of the peace for the district in which such offence shall be committed, and shall be levied by distress and sale of goods of the offender, by warrant, under the hand and seal of such chief magistrate or justice, returning to the party any overplus arising from such sale, deduding the 3 reasonable

'tie thirty-ninth Y'earof' George III. 409

reasonable costs thereof, and such decifibn shall in all cases be final A.D. and conclusive to ail parties, and such fine, when levied, shall be ,799* paid to the minister and church-wardens of the parish in which the offence shall be committed, for the life of the poor of such parish; carriers to *and if-any carrier of bark shall use any broken sack in carrying the sura'iy2bro-fame to the purchaser, such carrier shall for every broken sack so faclt* used, forfeit the sum of two shillings inj sixpence to the purchasers, to be deduced from his hire.

Vlf,.Provided always, That nothing herein, or in said recited Not toer-acts contained, (halt extend to any hides or skins bought by, or coming from addr^fied to any wholesale merchant in Dublin, whether coming by water or land-carriage, from the interior of the country. merchants m

VIII. And be it enacted, That every person dealing in hides or pe^M skins of any denomination, that are green, or rawhides or skins, d5a, in&in. and -not tanned, tawed, or otherwise manufactured, residing within within 7 mite* seven miles of the cattle of Dublin, shall take out a license for deal- ®fDublu,»

1 (not manu-

ing in the fame, which license shall be issued by the chief commis- fa<ftured)fl»all fioness of excise, on demand of any person for chat purpose, with- cenfesvtkhout out any fee or reward whatsoever, and that the said commissioners fee» shall keep an account of all persons to whom such license shall be issued, with the place of his or her abode; afrd if any person refid- id. penalty ing within the limits aforesaid, shall, after the twenty-fourth day urtn^,^‘ug of June next, deal in hides or skins of any denomination, that cenfc. are green, or raw hides, and not tanned, tawed, or otherwise manufactured, without having taken out such license, such person fli&ll, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be filed for and recovered by process’ of civil bill, before the chairman of theferfions at Kilmainham, or the recorder of the city of Dublin’, as the case may be, of the residence of such Lperson so offending.

"Voi. XIX. -5 L CHAT.

4ro . A.D. 1799.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

C H A-P. LXII.

An Act for gr anti rig to His Maj on Certificates to he issued with Respect to the Killing of Game.

From T May, 1759,

the following lates shall be paid, viz.

*verypcrfrn ttfing a dog, gun, or net, for taking game, (except game keepers) ftli 11 take c.ut a ctrtifi-. cate from K clerk of peace, < 11 amp 2l. 5«. ,6d.

gamekeepers to be registered, and 2l. 5s,

6d. tlamp on

certificates.

h Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal djjcnt given.

JOHN GAYER, D. CLETIt. PAIU

TOWARDS railing the supply granted to your Majesty, wc your Majesty's most dutiful fuhjetfts, the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, do pray, that it may he enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritunl and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout the kingdom of Ireland, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and iacccfiors, the several rates and duties following, that is to say; That every person in Ireland, who shall keep oroufe any dog, gun, net or other engine, lit for or commonly used for the taking or dcftrudlion df.game (not acting as a game-keeper, under or by virtue of a deputation or appointment duly tegiftcred) shall previously deliver in a paper, cr account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person to the clerk of the peace or his deputy, where such person shall reside, anh take out a certificate thereof, and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or frteet or piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any such person, shall be en-groflld, written or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of two pounds five shillings and six pence; and that every deputation ' or appointment of a game-keeper, granted to any person, by any lord or lady of a manor in Ireland, shall be registered with the clerk of the peace of the county in which the said manor or lands i lie; and the game-keeper so appointed, shall take out a.certificate thereof, and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment or (beet . or piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any person utnder any deputation or appointment of game-keeper shall be en-. grofled, written or printed, there shall be charged a.(lamp duty of t two pounds five shillings and fupence.

The thirty-ninth Year George III.

II. And heit ena&eJ, That every persons keeping, or having a setting dog, spaniel or grey hound, or keeping, or having,any hound, being his own property, or for his own use,'(Ira! be deemed a person using such setting dog, spaniel, grey hound, or hound

for the taking or destruction of game.

III. And be it enacted, That for the better and more effectual -levying, collecting and paying the said duties, herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care and management of the commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the' dirties charged on stamped vellum, parchment and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and-empowered to employ the necessary of Rcers under them for that purpefe, and to allow such fabrics and incidental charges as shall he necessary, and that all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties and for feitur.es, and all other matters and things prescribed or -appointed by any act or acts of parliament relating to the ft amp duties, on vellum, parchment and paper, shall be in full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed; and Shall be-applied and put in execution, for railing, levying, collecting and securing the rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, 'to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and TefpcCtively been hereby enacted, with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, 'one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, every person delivering into the office of the clerk of the peace, or his deputy for the county where he lb all reside, a paper or account in writing, containing the name and place of abode of such person; and every game keeper to whom any such deputation or appointment shall be granted as aforesaid, registering the fame in manner aforesaid, and respectively requiring a certificate thereon, shall be entitled thereunto; and such clerk of the peace or his deputy, Iha 11 thereupon issue a certificate, stamped as herein before is-directed, to the

effect or iorm following, that is to say :f

Setting dogs, fpstnlels, and hounds.

Commissioti-et* of stamps to have management of duties, appoint merit «f persons,

'fame, power*, penalties, as appointed by stamp std.

Per foils who give in names and residence to clerk of peace* shall get stamped certificates.

7 A.B. Clerk of the peace for the county of C. (or ax the case may 'Form ©F happen to be,) deputy clerk of the peace, do hereby declare that E. F. ocrtlficat*’ bath this day delivered into my office a writings or account,

containing his name and place of abode, (or as the case may happen ' to be,) hath this day registered a deputation, whereby be is -appointed a game keeper by for the manor or lands

of which I do hereby certify in -

funceof an aB of parliament passed in the thirty-ninth year of the

5La|reign

412 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

reign of his Majesty King George the entitled, An act for *799’.granting to his Majesty certain duties an certificates to be issued. ucith

Chap. 02. respectto the killing of g ame.

20l. penalty on dn k of peace for not iiftiing a certificate, and flump duty.

a. 6 J. fee V. And be it enacted, That such clerk of the'peace, or his de-. pcac^; puty, after he shall have signed such certificate, shall forthwith if-

sue the fame, stamped as herein before is directed, to the person or persons respectively requiring the fame in 'manner aforesaid, and shall, previous to the delivery thereof, be entitled to demand, and receive of and from such person the sum of two shillings and six-pence for his own trouble in that behalf; and in case any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall neglect or refuse to issue to such person -as aforesaid, so deliverinc in such paper, or account in writing, or registering such deputation as aforesaid, a certificate properly marked and stamped as herein before is directed, every < such clerk of the peace shall, for every such offence, forfeit and: pay the sum of twenty pounds, and moreover be liable to pay to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duty payable on such certificate. '

VI. And be it enacted, That every certificate issued by tfre clerk of the peace, or his deputy, pursuant to this act, shall bear date ori the day of the month on which the same shall be issued, and shall endure and remain in force from thence until the twenty-fifth-day of March next following the date thereof, and no longer; and if . it i:Vu<d other, any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall issue any certificate to any person other wise than above directed, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

20l.penr.l-

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, if any person shall use any grey-hound, hound, pointer, letting dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine, for taking or de*-struction of any hare, pheasant, partridge, heath-fowl, commonly called black game, or grouse, or grouse, commonly called red game, or any other game whatsoever, without having obtained

such certificate in such manner as herein before is directed, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty- pounds, to be -recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

20l. penal-

VIII. And be it en idled, That from and after the first day of keeper one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, any person to

negitfting tj whom any deputation or appointment of a game-keeper shall have' 20 dm. been, or at any time hereafter shall be granted by any lord of lady of a. manor in Ireland, shall for the space of twenty days next after liich deputation or appointment shall be granted, neglectorrefufe

to

' Certificatesin force from time issued until 25 March following; 20l. penalty on clerk of peace

: ty for uiing dog8, guns or nets, for taking game, without a certificate.

Tht thirty~ninth Trar of George IIF.

to register the Fame, and take out a certificate thereon in the manner herein before directed, every such person not having obtained some certificate as aforesaid in pursuance of this act, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein ifter mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the peace, or their deputies in their respective counties, shall, on or before the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, transmit to the head office of stamps in Dublin, a correct lift,

in alphabetical order, of the certificates by them issued, between the first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and the first day of October in the fame-year, and ’shall also, in every subsequent year, on or before the first day of Wuguft in each year, whenever they shall be thereunto required by the commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties, make out and transmit to the head office of stamps in Dublin, -correct lifts, in alphabetical order, of the certificates so issued by them, distinguishing the duties paid on each respective certificate so issued, and on the delivery thereof the receiver general of the stamp duties shall pay every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, for making out and writing any such lift, after the rate of one halfpenny for the name of every such person to whonvfueh -certificate Th all have been, issued, ^nd which shall be inserted in such lift; and in case *njr clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall neglect or refuse to make out such lifts as aforesaid, or shall not insertin fochlifta full,-true, and perfect account as herein before directed, of all the persons the fame ought to contaiin, then and in every such case every such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall for every such offence for-.‘feit and pay the fiun of twenty pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That all such lifts, upon such transmission thereof as aforesaid, shall be deposited and kept at the said head office of stamps in Dublin, and shall and may within the office hours, be resorted to, and inspected by any person whatsoever, on payment of one shilling and no more.

XI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majesty's '(lamp duties shall once or oftner in every year, as soon as conveniently may be after the said lifts shall have been so transmitted to >them as aforesaid, cause the same to be inserted in the newspapers circulating in each respective county, or in such public newspapers as to them shall seem most proper.

XII. And whereas deputations or appointments of game-keepers may be revoked,'be it therefore enacted, That if any lord or lady

cof a manor in Ireland shall make any new deputation or appoint-Vol, XIX. 5 M ment

Clerks of P. to transmit lifts of cer iii-cales iflijed between lft May and fit Ociuber,

before i It Nov. 17«;9 t and in subse-qtieDt years, before lit Aug. to cota-missioners of (lamps, for -svliieli ^d. per name ihaJibt paid.

*ol. penaltr on clei ks of P. for not furni Pning correct lilts.

Lids maybe inspected at damp (like, for it.

Lifts to inserted in newspapefl

Wh*nap- pointments #f game-keepera are revoked, and new appointments i rendered, the . fomicr shall i be void, & c.

’^Persons . found ufing1 < dogs, Sec.

for deftme . tion of game, who do not produce certificates on demand of per dins producing theirs, or do not tell names and places of abode, See.

: forfeit 50l.

: persons carrying guns or nets over land, deemed in pursuit of game.

Certificates not to authorize taking game contrary to law, nor to authorize per- fc»ns not qualified.

*Lhe thirty ninth OTtu orge HI.

ment of a gamerkeeper for any manor or lands in the room of the person already appointed, an<l whom any such 'certificate -as aforesaid hath been iClued, and shall. register such new deputation, or appointment with the clerk of the peace or.his deputy,’of the county in which such manor or lands shall be situate, and shall obtain a new certificate thereon, the first certificate granted shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and-void, and the person acting under the fame, after notice given to him of such new and other certificate, shall be liable to the penalties prescribed by this act in the manner as if no certificate had been, granted to such person.

XIII. And in order to prevent the evading of the payment of the duties hereby granted, and to facilitate the detedlion of offenders against this act, by compelling the production of the said certificate to persons authorized to demand anfpe&ion of the fame,; be it therefore enacted, That if any person or persons shall be found using any dog, gun, net,-or other engine for the taking -or-de-struction of game, by any other person who hath obtained a certificate in manner herein before directed, it shall and may be lawful for such other person producing such certificate, to demand and require from the person so using such dog, gun, net, or other engine as aforesaid, to produce and shew a certificate issued to him for that purpose, a6 lverein before is directedj and every such person shall,-upon such demand and requisition as aforesaid, produce such certificate to the person-so demanding the fame, and permit the same to be inspected accordingly, and if any such person shall wilfully refuse to produce and shew .3.certificate issued to him for that purpose, or not having produced and shewn such certificate, shall refuse on demand thereof to give in his name and surname, and the place of his resideuce, or shall give in any false or fidtuious name or place of residence, every such person so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if any person shall be found going over any land or ground of any person, and shall carry any gun or net for destroying game, every such person shall be deemed to be in pursuit of game, and shall be liable to such penalty as persons found in pursuit of game are by this adk subject to.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the certificate hereby directed to be issued by the clerks of the peace or their deputies in the respective counties, shall not authorize or enable any person to use any grey-hound, hound, pointer, letting-dog, spanicl or other dog, or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or defiruction of game, at any time or times, or in any manner prohibited by any

1’ Vl’ts of fl{>-joint ukqU

Hmr penal-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 415

law now in being, nor shall give to any person any right to life any A.D. grey-hound, hound, pointer, setting-dcg, spaniel, or oilier dog, 1799* or any gun, net, or other engine for the taking or destruction game, unless such person shall be duly qualified so to do, tinder 'and by virtue of the laws now in being, made for the preservation of the game, but shall be liable to the fame penalties in all or any -of the said laws contained, as if.this act had not been made.

XV. And be it enacted, That no certificate obtained under any Certificate* deputation or appointment of a game deeper shall be pleaded or (halt

given in evidence in any case whatsoever, where the person having 7o4^u"ona such certificate shall have used, or shall use any grey-hound, hound, pointer, setting-dog, spaniel, or other dog, or any gun,-net, or -other engine for the taking or destruction of game, out of, ,or beyond the precincts or limits of the n atior or lands for, or in respect of which such deputation or appointment was given and ;made.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary jienahiesitn-:posed on any person for any offence against this act may be*u?dfoi!-bC sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or informa-'tion, wherein no efToign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he or file shall recover any penalty or penalties, shall recover the fame for his or her own use, with costs of suit: Provided always, That ft shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county wherein any offence against this act shall be committed, and such justice or justices is and are hereby tc- quiredupon information or complaint to him or them made,

to summon the party or parties accused, and also the wrt-nesses on either fide to appear before him or them, and upon the appearance of the party or parties accused, <ir*in default of his* her or their appearance according to such 'summons, to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a summary way, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the vo-luntary confcfiion of the party or-part res accused, or by the ^':v!K VJ;v’ oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give . judgment or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is drreded, and to award, and ifine out his warrants under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary penalties and forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to-c3ufe file to be -made thereof

5 M 2* ' i*

aiul witncfils, -riidto proceed aj herein.;

416 Y'be thirty ninth Year of George.IIT.

A.D. 1n case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering ,c‘7^2 to the party the overplus, if any; and where sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to answer the penalty, <0 . offenders commit such offender to the common gaol or honfe of cor-

ccirmitted for c

six months, redion, there to remain-for the space of six months, unless . not sufficientj such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if such wpersons-ag- person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved appeaUoQ^ by the judgment of any such judice, then he or they shall "4fecu a°d may, upon giving security to the amount of the value my for penal-of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as tiuandcoiU. nia|j awarcjc(j jn case such judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sections for the county, and finally to hear and determine the fame j and in case the judgment of such judice shall be af-- "firmed, it shall and may be lawful for such judices to award -

the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to themselves shall Teem meet.

joi. penalty

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall bp tending^ >’fnmnaoned as a witness to give evidence before such justice -giveevidence, or justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative

without a '

to this act, either on the part of the,prosecutor, or of the Person or persons accused, and shall neglect onrefufe<to ap-rpear at the time and place to be for that purpoTe appointed, without, a reasonable excuse for such his or her negle<d or ro-fufal, to be allowed of by such judice or judices of the -peace, before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeitTor every such offence the Turn of ten pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means as is herein before dire^ed as to other penalties.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the jtfdiee or -judices of the peace~be£ore whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form ’following, or in any other form of -words to the same that is-to say.*

reasonable

ex&use.

*Justicesto -cause convictions to be made out in following form:

Form Of con- it rememberedythat- on the day

viaion. in the year of our Lord

at in the county of A.B. came before me C.D. on his Majestys justices of the peace for the said county, reftding near the offence was -

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 417

mitted\and informed me, that E. F. of A.D.

on the day of now lajl 1799-

did use a gun, dog, net or other engine, [as the case may be) for the taking or defiruElion of game, and did thereby and therewith take,

kill, and destroy a bare or other game,[as the case may be) [here set

forth the faEl for which the information was laid) without having

the certificate required by law for that purpose, whereupon the E. F. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge appeared before me, and having beard the charge contained in the said information, declared be was not guilty of the said offence, [or as the case may happen to be) did not appear before me pursuant to the said mans, or did neglect and refuse to make any defence against the said charge, but the fame being fully proved, upon the oath of G. H. a credible witness, [or as the case may happen to be) acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it manifefly appeared to me that be the said E. F. is guilty of the said offence charged upon him in the said information. I do therefore hereby convict him of the offence aforesaid', and do declare and adjudge that be the said E. F. hath forfeited the sum of lawful money

of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, according to the form of the f atute in that case made and provided.

Given under my band and seal the day of

XIX. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices, where' he or they shall see cause to mitigate and lefien any such penalties as he or they shall think fit, reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecutong the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigated penalty, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said cofis and charges, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to subject any person to a longer imprisonment tha'n three calendar months, for non-payment of any fine or penalty to be imposed under the authority of this act.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times be sued, molested, or orofecuted

How far justices may mitigate penalties

con vi&ious not to he removed by certiorari.

No longer than three months imprisonment u.ide this act for any fine.

Persons sued lor matters done under tlm att>

I

4t8

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A. P.

may plead the general issue;

treble costs to defendant if plaintiff be nonfiiiud, tic.

for any thing by him or them done or executed -in pursuance of this act, cr of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the fpceial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble colds awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act for the rr.ore effectually preventing the forging of Bills of Exchange and PromiffuryNotes, or ary , Af-

Jgnment, or Jndraf merit the or any Acquittance or

Receipt for Phoney or Goods; and also for preventing the

forging of the Prom if cry A oteof the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Notes,' and the Bills of Exchange of the far'd Governor and Company, called Bank Pof Bills.

Saturday the jirjl day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Efyal Jljjint given,

JOHN GAYER, D. CLER. PARL.

[Preamble.]

25 G. 3 37-

Persons concerned in forging or altering notes, bills, orders_or rtetipts, for money or goods, cr who utter such know, ingly, with intention to defraud, shall suffer death.

WHEREAS the crime of forgery hath lately very much en-crcafed in this kingdom, to the great injury of the trade and commercial credit thereof, and the laws now in force do not inflict an adequate punishment upon the offenders, concerned in such criminal practices; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confer.t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person, from and after the passing of this add, shall falftly make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act, aid, or afffl in the false making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting any promissory note, or any alignment, or endorsement of any promissory note, or any bill of exchange, or acceptance or alignment, or endorsement of any bill of exchange for payment of money or any accountable receipt, cr any receipt, acquittance, cr discharge

' for

Thb thirty-ninth Year of George III.

for rent or other consideration, or any note, bill, or other fecmlty for payment of money, or any draft or warrant, or order for the payment of money, or any order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giving credit, or shall fail’dy alter or cause or procure to be falsely altered, or shall willingly act, aid, or afikt in the fail'd/ altering the number, principal sum, or any part of Inch note or af- . signment, or endorsement thereof, bill of exchange or acceptance, or assignment, or endorsement thereof, accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance or discharge for rent or other consideration, or any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or any draft or warrant, or order for payment of money, or any order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giying credit with intention to defraud any person or persons, bpdies politic or corporate whatsoever, or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged, altered, or counterfeited promissory note, or endorsement, or alignment of any promissory note, or any bill of exchange, or acceptance, or alignment, or endorsement of any bill of exchange for payment of money, or any accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance, or discharge for rent, or other consideration, or any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or draft, or warrant, or order for the payment of money, or any order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giving, credit, or in any of which the number, principal sum, or any part of such‘note or endorsement, of afiigament thereof, bill of exchange or acceptance, or alignment, or endorsement thereof, accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance or discharge for rent, or other consideration, or any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or any draft or warrant or order for payment of money, or any order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giving credit, shall have been falsely forged, counterfeited or altered, with intention to defraud any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, altered, or counterfeited, then every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall fuller death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Persons who falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure wToTEog-to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or aft, t"h°r aid or act'ill in the falsely making, forging, counterfeiting,or aid, procure,

r . ' " advise or di-

altering any bank note or the governor or and company of red such for-

alignment or endorsement of fauL^or* and company, or any COM,terf6lt

the bank of England, any bank note of the

or any said governor

5 N 2

bank

entiorCcroenls,

kc. Sic. or who utter fuel], with fraudulent intention, shall suffer dcaib.

The thirty-ninth Year c/' George III.

bank bill of exchange of the said governor and company, of any acceptance or any assignment or endorsemerjt of any bank bill of exchange of the said governor and company, or any bank post: bill of the said governor and company, or any acceptance or any alignment or endorsement of any bank port bill of the said governor and company, or shall alter or cause, or procure to be altered, or act, aid, or a (Tilt in the altering the number or principal sum, or any other part of any such bank note, hank bill of exchange or, bank post bill, whether such bank note shall be assigned or endorsed or not,' or whether such bank bill of exchange or bank post bill shall be accepted, or assigned, or endorsed or not, with intention to defraud the said governor and company or their succestors, or to defraud any person or persons, or any body or bodies politick or corporate whomsoever, or with any fraudulent intention whatsoever, or shall offer or dispose of, or put away any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered bank note of the said governor and company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered alignment, or endorsement of any bank note of the said governor and company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered bank bill of exchange of the said governor an<1 company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered assignment,' or endorsement of any bank bill of exchange of the said governor and company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered bank post bill of the said governor and company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered assignment or endorsement of any bank post bill of the said governor and company, or any bank mote, bank bill of exchange, or bank post bill of the said governor and company, in which the principal sum or number, or any other part of any such bank note, or any assign-ment, or endorsement thereof, or in which the principal sum or number, or any other part of any such bank bill of exchange, or bank post bill, or any acceptance, assignment, Or endorsement thereof, has been falsely altered with intention to defraud the said governor and company or their successors, or any other person or persons, or any body or bodies politic or corporate, or with any fraudulent intention whatsoever, knowing the same to be false made, forged, counterfeited.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

terfeited, or altered, or shall act in, aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, or procure, or persuade, or endeavour to procure or persuade any person or persons to commit any such offence as aforesaid, every such person so offending, shall be deemed a felon, and fuller death without benefit of clergy.

III. And be it enacted, That if any person other than an officer, workman, servant, or agent for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, authorized and appointed for that purpose by the said governor and company, and for the use of the said governor and company, and their successors only, shall make, or use, or cause, or procure to be made or used, or knowingly ad, aid, or assist in making, or using, or without being authorized and appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in his, her, or their house, or out-house, dwelling-place, lodgings, or apartments, without lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person accused) any frame, mould, or instrument for making of paper, with the words, " bank of England," or with the greater part of such words visible, in or upon the substance of such frame, mould, or instrument, or in or upon the fub-stance of any of which shall be visible, any device or dif-tindion peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used, or to be used by the governor and company of the bank of England, for notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the bank of England, or shall make, or cause, or procure to be made, or knowingly ad, aid, or assist in making, or causing, or procuring to be made, any paper iff the substance of which the said words, " bank of England," or the greater part of such words, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used* or to be used by the said governor and company for the time being, for notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the bank of England, shall be visible j or if any persons, except as before excepted, shall knowingly have in his or her custody or possession, or in his, her, or their house, out-' house, dwelling-place, lodgings, or apartments, without lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person' accused) any paper whatsoever, in the substance of which the Vol.TCIX. 5 O words

Persons who make or use, or cause to be made or used, or who have in their pof. I'cfTion any paper in inir- 1 tat ion of hank of England paper, not being audio-rized, shall be transported*

422

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1799. Chap. 63

P^rfons not authoiiztd, who make or allnl in making, or cause to be made, or have in their poiTef-lion any in-ilrument for making or impufiing words or devices used in bank of England notes, bills, &c. shall be transportecL

words " bank of England," or the greater part of such words, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used, or to be used by the said governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, for notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the bank of England, shall be visible; or if any person, except as before excepted, shall by any ad, mystery, or contrivance, cause or procure, *or knowingly ad, aid, or assist, in causing or procuring the words " bank of England," or the greater part of such wrords, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used, or to be used by the governor and company of the bank of England, for notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the bank of England, to appear in the fub-stance of any paper whatsoever, every person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, Yhall for every such offence be adjudge*! a felon, and shall be transported for the term of his or her life.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person, other than an officer, workman, servant, or agent for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, authorized and appointed for that purpose by the said governor and company, and for the use of the said governor and company, and their successors only, shall make, or use, or cause, or procure to be made or used, or knowingly ad, aid, or assist in making or ufipg, or procuring to be made or used, or without being authorized and appointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his or their custody or posses-fion, house, out-house, dwelling-place, lodgings, or apartments, without lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person accused) any plate or instrument of metal or wood, or of any other materials whatsoever, in or upon which there shall be, or be made, or impressed, or which would make or impress the form of words, or any part of the form of words, imprinted or impressed upon, or used, or to be used.in any notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any stamp or instrument of metal or wood, or of any other materials whatsoever, upon which there shall be, or be made, or impressed, or which would make or; impress any of

the

j Thethirty-ninth If ear of George III.

the devices, distinctions, or flourishes, printed or engraved, or to be printed or engraved upon, or in any notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the said governor and company of the bank of England, every person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully CvAivifted, shall for every such offence be adjudged a felon, and shall be transported for the term of his or her life.

V. And be it enacted, That if any person shall have in his of her possession or custody, house, out-house, dwelling-place, lodgings, or apartments, any forged or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills% of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, or any forged or counterfeited.note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, purporting to be the note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, or bank post bill, or bank post bills, of the governor and company of the bank of England, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intent to utter or uegociate the same as tht true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, pillory, or other corporal punishment, according to, the discretion of the court, before whom he or she shall be prosecuted for fitch offence; and if the same person shall afterwards be Convicted a second. time of the like offence of having in his or her possession or custody, house, out-house, dwelling-place, lodgings or apartments, any forged or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any forged or counterfeited' note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, purporting to be the note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, or bank poll bill or bank post bills, of the governor and company of the bank of England, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intent to utter1 and negociate the same as true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank df England, as aforesaid; every such person shall for dvery such' second offence be adjudged a felon, and shall be traof-potted for his or her life. )

5 O a VI. And

Persons who have forged b. of England notes, bill &c in their pofllflton, knowingly*, with intent to utter them, shall be punished according to the discretion of the court, for the first offence, and transported for ill- second,

424

A.D.

'799-Chap. 63.

The houses, loJgings, or places used by persons fuf-pi>tedof haring in their possession forged notes, frames for making paper, plate*. See. Sec. in imitation of b. of England notes or bills, may he fcaichttl by ajiy person empowered by warrant, granted up>n affidavit oi suspicion;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

VI. And be it enacted, That upon oath being made before any justice of the peace, by one credible person, that there is just cause to suspect that any one or more person or persons hath or have been concerned in the false making, forging or counterfeiting any note or notes, or bill or bills of exchange, or bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or in offering, disposing of, or putting away any false made, forged, or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, or bank post bill, or bank post bills of the said governor and company, or any false-made, forged or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, purporting to be the note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, or bank post bill, or bank post bills of the said governor and company, or in making or using any frame, mould, or instrument, or making paper iti.imitation of the paper used, or to be used in notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or in making such paper, or in engraving or cutting any plate or plates of metal, or wood, or other materials upon which shall be, or be made or impressed, or which would make or impress as aforesaid, the form of words printed on or used, or to be printed or used in any notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any part of such form, or in engraving or cutting any starrip or instrument upon which shall be, or be made or impressed, or which would make or impress any of the devices, distinctions, or flourishes, printed or engraved, or to be printed or engraved on the notes and bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or upon oath being made before such justice as aforesaid, that there is reason to suspeS that any of the herein before mentioned tools or instruments, or that any paper made in imitation of the paper used, or to be used by the governor and company of the bank of England, as aforesaid, are knowingly concealed or secreted by any person or persons; then and in all such cases it may be lawful for such justice, or any person or persons empowered by warrant under his hand and seal, to search the person, clothes, furniture, dwelling-house,- room, work-lhop, out-house, yard, garden, or other place belonging to such fuf-pc&ed person or persons, or wherein they shall have relided, j worked,

Yboihirty*ttifttb Y George III.

worked, lodged, used, lived, dr have had access to, for such forged notes or bills, frame, mould or instrument, paper, pTelte or plates; and if any such be found in any place f© learched, Or be found in the eostody or possession of imy person or perform net theft employed by the governor and company of the bank of England, nor having the fame by some lawful authority, then it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons discoveriflg the same to seize, and be and they are hereby authorized and required to seize the fame, and to carry them forthwith to so me justice of the peace of the county, city, or place where the fame fluill be seized, and shall cause the same to be so secured, that the same shall be* forth-coming, to be produced in evidence against such person or persons as thall or may be prosecuted for any of the offence* aforesaid 5 and after such time de such forged note or notes, bill or bills, or any such frame, mould, or instrument, paper, plate or plates, or any of them shall have been produced in evidence, as well the fame so produced as the others so seized and not made use of in evidence, and every of them, shall forthwith, by order of the court where such offender or offenders shall be tried, or by order of fitch or feme other justice of the peace, in case there be no such trial, be defaced and destroyed, or otherwise difpefed of as such court or such justice shall diredh VH. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be convicted of having in his or her possession or custody, any false-made, forged, or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any false-made, forged, and counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, purporting to be the note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and comr pany1 of the bank of England, knowing the same to be forged and counterfeited, with an intent to utter or negotiate the fame, as the true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, and shall afterwards be convicted of the like offence in any other county or city, the clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace, or their Vojl. XIX. , 5 P respedivo

when such things arc found with persons not authorized, they shall be carried to a magistrate, and kept as evidence again it such person*;

such notes, bills, frames, moulds, paper or plates shall be defrayed by order of court or justice.

When a person is con. lifted a feconl time of having forged notes or bills, of bank of England, the clerk of peace where first conviction was had,

shall certify St by a tran-script.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

respe<£Hve deputy for the county or -city where such 'first oon-vi^ion was -so had, -shall, at the request of the prosecutor, or any other on his Majesty's behalf, certify the fame under his hand and leal, by transcrlpt in a few words containing the cffeS and tenor of such eonviSion, for which certificate thirteen shillings and four-penoe, and no more shall he paid, and such certificate, being produced in court, shall be sufficient proof of such former conviction.

Go». and

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afote-bankcrf^Eng That the governor and company of the bank of England deemed a land for the time being, shall, upon all trials of any aSioo, b^rate suit, bill, plaint, information, or indictment in this kingdom, be deemed and taken to he an -existing corporation or body corporate, to all intents and purposes, and that this a£ shall he deemed and taken to be a public aS.

CHAP. LXIV.

Jin Alt for raifng the fever at Sim's therein , for the

fever at Purposes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the JJfue of so much thereof as hath been granted to defray the Expence of the rejgiilar and Militia Forces on the Establishment of Great Britain, employed in this , and for

defraying the Expence of defeating any Enterprise or Defgn of the common Enemy.

Saturday the first day of June, me thousand hundred and ninety-vine,

Jtoyal Assetrt given.

JOHN GAYER, D.CLER. PAUL.

Expire*.

WHEREAS by a resolutkm of the house of commons, made on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it is resolved. That a sum not exceeding eight hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds be granted to his Majesty, to be applied by his’excellency the lord lieutenant to defray the ekpence of the regular and militia -forces which belong to the establishment of Great Britain, and are now employed in the service of this kingdom, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand eight hundred; and by another resolution of the honfe of commons, made on the fame day, it is resolved. That a sum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds be granted to his Majesty, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieutenant, in defraying the expence of such measures as may be taken to enablehis Majesty to defeat any enterprile or design of the

by

I

1

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 427

the common enemy; and by another resolution of the house of commons, of the A.D. twentythird day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it is re- 1799* solved, That whatever sum or sums of money., not exceeding in the whole the sum Chap, 64# of three hundred thousand pounds, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieute-<nant in th&relief.of those persons who have suffered from their loyalty during the re- . bellion, and in payment, of such expenses as shall he incurred in the examination of therr claims, the said house would make good the fame: Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice andconsent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, with the consent of his excellency the ford lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being,

:to raise by'loan any sum or Turns not exceeding the amount of the said sums of eight hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds; five hundred -thousand pounds; and three hundred thousand pounds, making one million fix hunched and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, by iffiieef debentures or treasury bills, or.partly by one and.partly by the other, or by flock transferable in the bank of England, if the governor and company of the said bank shall agree to keep transfer books of such stock, or by flock to be transferable at the bank of Ireland, aided or not aided by a premium, such debentures, treasury bills, or flock, bearing an. interest, not exceeding the rate of six pounds by the hundred by the year, and such premium not exceeding the rate of ten pounds pet centum per annum,

or by annuities for certain terms of years, or for life, being granted with them,

not exceeding the value of ten pounds per centum per annum, or by the sale of annuities for one life each, or for certain terms of years, not exceeding the value of ten pounds per centum per annum, or by all or any of the ways and means aforesaid, and that for anj Turn or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of one.million six hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and jfifty-five pounds, as shall be actually paid info the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by anj Person or persons, or body politic or corporate, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or at the bank of Ireland respectively, at the <€nd of every six calendar months, to the person or persons, or body politick or corporate, lending the famt, his, her, or their executors, administrators* successors, and assign§, such premium, interest, and such annuity or annuities as shall be agreed tVpon by (he lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, not exceeding the respective rates aforesaid, without any fee, and free from all deductions whatsoever, such interest to be paid until such time as persons lending the said sum, or any part thereof, thall bepaid their principal money at one entire payment.

II. And be it enacted, That Tor so much of the said sums as shall be paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, for the use of the government of this kingdom, and made stock transferable at the said bank, the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall, half-yearly, remit to the said governor and company the amount of such interest as shallhe agreed upoq, not exceeding the rate aforesaid, until such principal money shall be paid in one entire payment, together with each half year's annuity, and shall also remit quarterly die yearly charge of one pound per centum per annum on the capital stock created by such loan, and on the value of such annuity or annuities as shall be granted in aid diereof, to be applied to the redu Aion of the debt which shall be created.

III. And be it enacted, That for so much of the said sum of one million six hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, as shall be actually paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, ou loan, or tFeafury bills, bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the sums to be respectively specified therein, and declaring such antount to be payable and pass current, at the receipt of his Majesty's

f 5 P 2 exchequer,

426 The thirty-ninth Year o/* George III.

A* D. exchequer* at such tune or times as shall be dhre&td by the commHfidhers of Ms 1799. Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, with the con- T Chap* 6+ font the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall be issued and given ty the proper officer and officers of his Majesty's treaftrry, fitch bills to bear an interest not exceeding the rate of six pounds far centum per qjmum, and to be numbered in numerical order, beginning with number one until the whole shall be numbered.

IV. And be it enacted, That the farplus of the aids granted to his Majesty, in and by an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for *t\e year the federal dutie: therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifed during the said term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majestys colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, appropriated to the payment of the interest of the several sums secured by debentures and treasury bills, and of the several annuities and charges attending the fame, shall be applied and paid by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, pr the high txeafurer for the time being, to the pay- ' ment of an interest not exceeding the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, on such principal sums as may be borrowed in pursuance of this aQ, and of such pre- inium, or annuity, or annuities as shall be granted for raiGng the same.

V. And be kenafled. That every such hill so to be issued for any part of the said sum of one million six hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, shall and may, on or after such time as therein, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by, and be current to any receiver or collector of tjiis kingdom, of any revenue aid, or tax for and m satisfaction of any revenue aid or tax, then or thereafter to become due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer from every such collector, for or in respect of any revenue aid or tax by him collected or received, after such time or times as shall be appointed as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That as soon as any of such treasury bills, shall be received by any receiver or collector, all interest shallceafe from the day of such receipt, and shall no longer be payable thereon, and the faqie< when taken at his MajestyV treasury shall be cancelled.

VII. And be it enacted, That out of the said sum to be raised as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and paid by the commissioners for executing the office of lord, high treafiarer of this kingdom, any sum or sums not exceeding eight hundred and fifteen.thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, to be applied in such manner as his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor. ort governors of this, kingdom, for the time being, shall direct, to defray the expenqe of the regular and militia forces which belong to the establishment of Great Britain, and ar* now employed in the service of this kingdom^ from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight to the thirty-first day of March, one thour sand eight hundred, and any sum or sums not exceeding the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be applied in such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors aforesaid, shall direct to defray the expence of such measures as may be taken, to enable his Majesty to defeat any enterprize or design of the common enemy.

VIII. And be it enacted, That towards raising the said sum of one million fix; hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland, to receive or cause to be received, at the receipt of his exchequer in, Ireland, from the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, alj[ fuph fupa and fupas, of money, not

ewceding x

The thirty~nitilb Year of George III. 429

exceeding the said fiim of one million fit hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred A.D. and fifty-five pound?, as shall be paid by the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury I7Q9. in England, and the same shall be applied by the commissioners of his Majesty's Chap. 6^. treasury in Ireland, towards the Several purposes for which the said sum of one million six hundred and fifteen thousand five hundred and fifty-five pounds is di-Tested to be applied.

IX. And in order to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England to cause the interest, annuities and quarterly charge, to which the loan or loans to that amount made in Great Britain, out of which such sum or sums may be so remitted:to Ireland, may'be subject to j be it enacted, That out of all or any of Ae aids and dudes appropriated to the payment of the interest and charges of any Turn or sums of money raised by loan, in pursuance of arty act or acts of parliament made in Ireland, the coramifficmcts of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland shall cause to be issued out of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, and paid in London to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England; the amount »of each half-year’s interest and quarterly charge, to which the loan or loans made in Great Britain to that amount, out of which such sum or sums shall be paid, shall be subjectrto.

X. And towards providing for the liquidation of the principal of such sum or turns of money as may be raifod in Great Britain, and remitted for his Majesty's service in Ireland, as aforesaid; be it enacted, That a fCparate account shall be kept > by the proper officer* of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, of all monies which shall'bc paid at the receipt of the said-exchequct for the purchase of all such quit rrents, crown rents and competition rents, lands, tythes, tenements and hereditaments, as shall be sold by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland, pursuant to an act passed last session of parliament, entitled, An act for thefale of his Majestys quit rerrtsy crown and other rents, and of lands forfeited'in the year's one thou-fondfee hundred and forts-otoC) and one thousand for hundred and eighty-eighty and ether lands yet remaining unSfpofedofo in such mannery and under such frovforts as are therein mentioned; and another act passed thi* session of parliament for amending the same, and the commissioners of his Majesty’srtwafury;in Ireland, shall from'time to-time remit to, and pay.in London, to die commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, all such sum and sums as shall be fb paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex<-chequer in Ireland for the purchase of such rents, lands, tithes and hereditaments towards the discharge of the principal of so much of such money as shall be so remitted, until the whole thereof, or such part or parts thereof as such monies shall be sufficient to pay off, shall be thereby, or otherwise discharged.

XI. And be it enacted, That from the times respectively that any such monies shall be so remitted and paid, all interest In respect of so much of the principal sums as such money shall be equal to, or the (lock to be created in Great Britain thereby, and the quarterly charge of one pound per centum per annum on such principal sum or (lock, to be applied by the commissioners in England for the reduction of the national debt shallcehfc, and provision for the payment of such interest and quarterly xharge shall no longer be remitted by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland, to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England.

XII. Provided always, That in case any annuity or annuities shall be granted in Great Britain for effectuating the railing of the loan out of which any sum or sums shall be remitted to Ireland, nothing in this act contained shall be xonftrued to prevent the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland from* remitting to the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, so long as such remittance ought by law to be made, the amount of such annuity or annuities as may be granted in

43°

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

respect of such money 3* shall be so remitted to Ireland, and the quarterly charge in I / 99» respect of such annuity or annuities, although the interest of such part of the prin-iChap. 64. cipal sum as shall have been discharged pursuant to the provisions of this act, and ithe said quarterly charge on such principal or (lock shall have ceased.

XIII. Whereas by an act passed last foffion of parliament, entitled, An act for the government of the militia of Great Britain serving in this kingdom, during their continuance therein, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and foT the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to command or to put any of the militia forces of Great Britain who shall land in this kingdom, pursuant to the act of the British parliament therein mentioned, under the command of such general officers as he or they shall be pleased to appoint; and during their continuance in this kingdom, the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the several regiments of the said British militia, shall be subject to all the provisions contained in an act of parliament passed in the present session of parliament in this kingdom, entitled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion^ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters within this kingdom.

XIV. And whereas it is necdTary that the different regiments of British militia who shall, from time to time be in this kingdom, shall be subject to the provisions of the several acts which may, from time to time, be in force for punishing mutiny and desertion; be it enacted, That all and every officer and officers, non-commissioned officer and officers, private and privates of all and every regiment of the militia of Great Britain who now is, or now are, or at any time hereafter shall be serving in this kingdom, shall be, and are hereby declared, and enacted to be, from the respective periods of their landing in this kingdom, subject to all and every the provisions contained in the acts for punishing mutiny and desertion, during their respective continuing in this kingdom, in the same manner that the several regiments of Irish militia are now subject to the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That no deduction shall be made from the pensions payable to Adam, lord viscount Duncan, and John, earl Saint Vincent, on account of the tax of four shillings in the pound to which the pensions of persons not resident in this kingdom six months in the year are subject,* in case his Majesty shall think fit by his sign manual to exempt them, of either of them from tfhe payment thereof.

CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXV.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the -

fofes of an Act passed lafi Session of , for appointing Commissioners to enquire into Losses of such of His

Majestys loyal Subjects as have been Sufferers in their Property during the Jubfijling Rebellion in this , and for providing a Fund for rewarding in Manner therein Persons who have rendered Service by Discoveries of tors.

Saturday the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

Royal Assent given.

JOHN GAYER, X>. CLER. PARI*,

WHEREAS by an act passed last session of parliament, entitled, An act for Expired. appointing commissioners to enquire into Losses of such of his MajeJhf s loyal fub~ jests as have been fujferers in their property during the substfing rebellion in this king- dom; certain persons therein named were appointed commissioners to enquire into the Losses in property fuftarned by persons in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty during the then rebellion: And whereas pursuant to the said act, the claims of many persons who have so suffered, have been laid before the said commissioners, but from the various avocations of the persons so appointed commissioners, and the great number of such claims, a considerable portion thereof have not been enquired and examined into: And whereas in order to carry the purposes of said act into effect, it is become necessary and expedient to add and appoint other persons to be commissioners for the purposes aforesaid, by whose diligent attendance on the said business, such enquiry and examination may be more effectually and speedily made* therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the commissioners in the said act named, that is to say, his grace the lord archbishop of Caffiel, the right honourable lord baron Kilwarden, the right reverend the lord bishop of Killaloe, the right reverend the lord bishop of Kilmore, the right honourable the chancellor of the exchequer for the time being, the honourable Mr. justice Downes, the honourable Mr.Njustice Chamberlain, the right honourable David La touche, the right honourable Richard Annefly, and the right honourable Sackviile Hamilton$ together with such other persons not exceeding twenty in number, as shall by warrant from his excellency the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom be, from time to time, nominated and appointed for that purpose, shall bet and they are hereby appointed commissioners for enquiring into the Losses of all such persons as have suffered in their properties during the said rebellion, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the government of this Kingdom, and who have preferred their claims to the said commissioners in the said act named, pursuant to the said act, and under the proviffons and regulations thereof.

5 (^2, XL And

- 43 J

A.D. 1799.

43* The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A. D#

II. And be it enacted, That the commissioners in this act named, and such per-1799- sons a8 ^rom tltnc to time> ke appointed commissioners pursuant to this act. Chap. 65# shall before they respectively enter upon the execution of the trusts hereby reposed in ithem, take the following oath before any one of his Majesty's justices of the King’s bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer.

I, A.B. do swear, that according to tie best of my skill and knowledge I wtU faithfully, impartially and truly, execute the several powers and trusts vejled bn me by an act9 entitled, An act for more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of an act passed tajt session of parliament for appointing commissioners to enquire into Losses of such of his Majestys loyal subjects as have been sufferers in their property during the JubfJBng rebellion in this kingdom, according to the tenor or purport of the said act

III. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to appoint and employ such officers, clerks, and meflen-gers as they shall think fit; and such officers and clerks are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trusts in them respectively reposed, without taking any thing for their service, other than Fuchialary or allowance as the said commissioners, or any three or more of them shall direct and appoint.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to meet and aft from time to time, with or without adjournment, and to fend their precept mnder their hands and seals, requiring any person or persons to attend before them, and to bring and produce to them all such books, papers, writings,.and records as they may judge necessary for their information in the execution of this act, and to summon all such persons as may be necessary to be examined as witnesses to attend before them to be examined.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for ;tli,e-commissioners in this act named, and such persons as shall from time to time be appointed commissioners in pursuance of the powers given by this act* or any three, of move of thorn# and they are hereby authorized and required to examine upon oath, which, oath they# or any two or more of said commissioners are hereby empowerqd to administet, all persons whom they shall think fit to examine, touching any matter or thing which they shall think necessary for the better execution of this sft> ajxd ev»ery person who shall >be required to attend before the said commissioners# or tq produce any bopks* papers* writings, or records, is hereby directefl and req^red, to attend.tbq fojd commissioners at inch time or times, and place, as by such precept or summons, as aforesaid shall be appointed, and to produce all such books, papers, writings, and records a* Aforer said.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any. three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to impose a fine not exceeding ten pounds, on any person refusing or neglecting to attend* or to produce such hooks, papers, writings oi records as shall be so required of such person, or on any person refusing to give evidence before them, such perfop being required, so tp. do in manner aforesaid, and by warrant under-the hands and seals of any three or more Qf them* to cause such fine to be levied by distrcTs and sale of the goods of the party, or by like warrant to commit any such person to prison for any time not exceeding three weeks.

VII. And for enabling the said commissioners more easily tp proceed in the execution of this act, be it enacted, That in all cases where th^y, or apy three, qr more of said commissioners shall judge that an enquiry and examination into any particular fafts, matters or circumstances, may be more conveniently made in the county where any person who hath fought compensation for such loss as aforesaid recited at the time such loss was sustained, or in any other county of this kingdom, shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three or more of then)* by warrant under their hands and seals, to empower any number of magiilxates not Ids than

three#

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. , 433

three in such county, to enquire and examine upon evidence upon oath,'Which J)#

oath such magistrates are hereby empowered to administer, into all such facts, mat- j 799* ters and circumstances as shall be expressed in such warrants respectively$ and such Chap# 65. magistrates shall return a report in writing, under their hands and seals, to the said v—*-V*-- commissioners, of their proceedings under such warrant, and of the nature of the evidence on which the same shall be founded$ and where the amount of the loss sustained by any person who hath fought compensation under the said act^ hath by such person been stated at a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds, then said commissioners, or any three or more of them, may, if they think fit, by a like warrant, empower any number of magistrates, not less than three in the county where such person resided, at the time such loss wasfo sustained, to enquire into the amount of such loss, and examine into the fame by evidence on oath, which oath such magistrates are hereby empowered to administer, and such other matters, and in such manner as the said commissioners shall direct, and such magistrates shall report to the said commissioners the amount of such Losses, and such other circumstances as the said commissioners shall by such warrant direct; provided always, that such magistrates to whom any such warrants, as aforesaid, shall be directed,

shall take the oath herein before directed to be taken by the said commissioners, before they shall enter upon the execution of any such warrant, which oath any 0x1c of the magistrates named in such warrant, is hereby authorized to administer to the others, he having first taken the fame himself, in the presence of one or more of such magistrates of the respcdfcive counties in which said oath shall be administered.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where the said commissioners shall think fit so to do, but not otherwise, they or any three or more of them, may by precept* under their hands and seals, command the fl.eriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, to impannel, summon, and return to them on a day and hour, and at a place to be named in such precept, a sufficient number of persons out of whom a jury of twelve men liable to no legal objection, may be sworn, for the purpose of trying and giving their verdict upon any fact which the said commissioners may think fit to give them in charge; and that in like manner such magistrates to whom such warrants of the said commissioners shall be directed, shall have the fame power and authority to issue their precept to the (hfcriff of the county where such magistrates shall execute such warrant; and that such commissioners and such magistrates respectively, are hereby authorized and empowered to impore a fine not exceeding ten pounds, on any sheriff for not obeying such precept, or on any juror who shall have been summoned for not attending in pursuance of such summons, and to levy such fine by distress as aforesaid; and such magistrates are hereby empowered to summon all such persons as they shall think necessary to be examined as witnesses, and to examine them on oath, and to impose a fine not exceeding twenty pounds on any such witness for neglecting to attend, or refusing to give evidence, in the same manner as the said commissioners are empowered so to do, and by their warrant to cause such fine to be levied in manner aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the said commissioners, that in any claim which hath been made, the amount of the loss alleged to have been sustained by the person by whom, or on whole behalf such claim hath been made, is stated to be more than the real less sustained by such person, with any intent fraudulently to obtain more than a just compensation, then such person shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any person upon examination upon oath before the said commissioners, or before the said magistrates, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by

V©L. XIX 5 R any

434 A.D. 799-Chap. 65. The thirtyn'iuth Veer ccrge ffl. any law now in being perform convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to, and m.ty be prosecuted for the fame yi any court of competent jurisdiction.

XI. And be it'cna&td, That in any case where the said commissioners for carrying this act into execution, or any three or more of them, shall have certified under their hands, that satisfactory proof of the amount of the h fs sustained by any per-foil hath been made, it Hull and maybe lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty V treafilry, or any three or more of them to ifltie and cause to be paid to any Such person, such sums as shall be dnefted by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, not exceeding one-half part of the loss, in any case where the amount of the loss so certified ihdl not exceed the sum of two hundred pounds; and in any case where the amount of the loss so certified, shall exceed the sum of two hundred pounds, such sum as shall not exceed one-third part of the amount of such loss

XII. Provided always, That in all cases where the said commissioners shall grant any such certificate of the amount of the loss sustained by any person, as aforesaid, and shall in such certificate express, that the comptnfation to be given to any such person, or any certain part thereof, ought to be expended by such person in re-build*-dng or repairing any dwelling-house or manufactory, or in re-estabiifl ing any manufacture, or in any other particular manner, no issue or payment shall be made by the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to such person, unless he or (lie, together with a fufRcient surety or sureties, shall have entered into a bond to his Majesty, before two or more of said commissioners, in such sum as the commissioners of hi#

V Majesty's treasury shall think proper, not exceeding double the sum so to be expend, ^ed, conditioned that such person or persons shall expend such sum of money as shall be lo paid, in such manner, and for such purposes, and within such time as shall be so expressed, which bonds shall not be subject to any stamp duty to his Majesty.

XIII. And be it enacted, That where the condition of any such bond, as aforesaid, shall be to re-build or repair any house, or other building, or to establish any manufacture, or to replace any cattle, or implements of husbandrr, such bond shall be discharged upon a certificate of any of the going judges of assize, that proof upon oath had been made to him, that the sum of money paid to the obligor or obligors in such bond, had been fully expended and applied for the purpose or purposes for which the same shall have been granted and paid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, shall and may issue, and cause to be paid to the persons who shall, from time to time, by virtue of this act, be appointed by the lord lieutenant of this king* dom commissioners for executing this act, not exceeding five in number, such salary or other allowance for their trouble in carrying this act into execution, not exceeding the rate of four hundred pounds for one year, to each such person as shall be appointed and directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom.

XV. And be it enacted, That no person who shall be appointed a commissioner

f pursuant to this act, and shall be entitled to receive any such salary or allowance, as aforesaid, shall, during his continuance in such office, be capable of being elected a member of the house of commons, or of fitting or voting in parliament.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners of the treasury are hereby authorized and required to issue, and cause to be paid, all such sums of money for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and defraying all other necessary -charges in and about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said commissioners of the treasury, and approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

of this king Ion'for the time being, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued.

XVII. And whereas doubts have arisen upon the construction of the said act, whether any claims could be preferred for losses sustained by such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have been sufferers in their property during the said rebellion, fub* sequent to the sixth day of October, which was in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, upon which day the said act received his Majesty's royal a (Tent, and prior to the sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; Be it hereby declared and enacted, That all claims preferred, or to be hereafter preferred by virtue of this act, for compensation for such lodes sustained within the period aforesaid, shall be deemed properly preferred, and shall be deemed and taken to be upon the fame footing with such claims for compensation for such losses as were sustained prior to the said sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

XVIII. And whereas in consequence of the said doubts, many good and loyal subjects of this realm, who have suffered in their properties during the said rebellion, and within the period aforesaid, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the government, may have been prevented from preferring their claims to the said commissioners in the said act named, and it may, in consequence thereof be expedient to extend the time for allowing them to bring in their claims for such losses sustained within the period aforesaid; be it enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for such persons as aforesaid, to prefer their claims for compensation for such losses so fuilained by them between the said sixth day of October, which was in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and the said sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for one month after the passing of this act, and no longer; and the commissioners appointed by this and the said act are hereby authorized and empowered to receive the Tame in like manner, and under the fame provisions and regulations, as if the fame had been preferred on or before the said sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, any tiling in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And whereas several persons have rendered essential service, by making discoveries of the traitors concerned in contriving and fomenting and acting in the said rebellion, by means of which his Majesty's government has been enabled to defeat the fame,

XX. And whereas it is expedient that such persons should have a reward or provision in such manner as will secure them from being objects of traitorous revenge; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to grant any annuity or annuities not exceeding in the whole the sum of three thousand pounds'to the under secretaries, or either of them, in the office of the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, in trust for such persons who have performed such services as aforesaid, and in such proportions as shall be directed and appointed by warrant under the hand and seal of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom.

XXI. Provided always, That no such appointment of any portion of such annuity or annuities, shall be made subsequent to the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XXII. And be it enacted, That such annuity or annuities, shall be charged upon', and shall be issuing an \ payable out of the consolidated fund, and the same shall from time to time, be paid to the under secretaries for the time being, or one of them, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, free and clear from all deduftiont whatsoever, by four quarterly payments, on the four usual days of payment in the year, and to commence from such time as his Majesty shall direct; and the comraif-

5 R 2 fionew

435

A.D. 1799. Chap. 65.

I

436 The thirty-ninth Year George III.

A# D. Coners for executing the office of lord high treafarer of this kingdom, or any thre* 1 y9Q. or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue, and cause to be

'Chap. 65. such annuity or annuities, by four quarterly payments in manner aforesaid. v-—XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no sum of money on account *of such annuity or annuities, shall be issued or paid to the find under secretaries or either of them, unless they or one of tliemto whom such money is to be paid, shall have made and subscribed an oath in writing before one of the commi(Doners for the time being, for executing the office of lord high treasurer of this kingdom, which oath any of the said commissioners is hereby authorized to administer, by which said oath the said person so taking fame shall swear that such annuity or annuities, or the part or parts thereof, of which payment shall be required, hath or have been granted and appointed to be paid in diiferent portions to the several respective persons to whom the fame is to be issued, fyr ferVices performed by them in detesting traitors and defeating the said rebellion: Provided also, that when any person to whom any portion of any such annuity shall have been granted or appointed as aforesaid shall die, such annuity, as to fwch portion shall cease and be no longer payable; and as soon as the death of any of f :ch persons shall come to the knowledge of either of the said under secretaries, such under secretary shall give notice to the said commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, signifying the portion of such annuity which was granted or appointed to the person who shall have died, and that the personto whom the fame was granted hath died, and the time of his or her death, according to the bed of his information and belief; and the said commissioners of his Majesty's treasury are hereby authorized to examine upon oath the said under secretaries, touching tl\e existence of the persons amongst whom the said annuity or annuities shall have been granted.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force to the end of the next session of parliament, and no longer, save as to such parts thereof, as authorizes the payment of the said annuity or annuities.

XXV. Whereas Mrs. Boyd, widow of John Boyd, merchant, who was barba-

rously murdered by the rebels in the month of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight at Wexford, has Suffered divers lodes, to the amount of one hundred pounds or upwards, in the late rebellion, and did transmit her claim to be delivered to the commissioners of sufferiqg loyalists, some time previous to the sixth of April last, to her attorney at law, to be by him delivered to the said commissioners: And whereas the said attorney, at the time of the arrival of the said claim was dangerously ill, and so continued until after the sixth day of April last, whereby the said attorney was prevented from preferring the said claim to the said commissioners "within the time prescribed by the said act, and whereby the said Boyd

is precluded and foreclosed from all benefit under the said act, unless her claim shall be admitted to be preferred by the present act: Be it enacted, that the said

Boyd shall be at liberty to prefer her claim for her said Losses, within one week after the passing of this act, and that the said commissioners shall be at liberty to receive the same, in the same manner as if the fame had been preferred previous to the said sixth day of April, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof not-"withstanding; that in all cases when Satisfactory proof shall be laid before the commissioners, upon oath, that any claim for Losses fiftained prior to the Sixth of Octo-;ber, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, not exceeding one hundred pounds; and the claim of John John (ton Darragh, esquire, notwithstanding it shall exceed one hundred pounds, shall have been prevented from having been laid before them in due time, and that there was no fraud or wilful neglect in such delay,

7 it

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 437

It shall be lawful for them to receive and examine into every such claim, and the A.D. ;said claim, as if it had been laid before them in due time; provided such claim shall i '.he laid before them within one month from the passing this act.

~ . CHAP. LXVI.

t

An Act for continuing and amending fever ail Laws relating to

His Majesty's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein.

Saturday the JirJi day of June, one thousand fevert hundred and ninety nine,

Royal Assent given,

JOHN GATER, D. CLRR. PARL.

WfEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-seventh year lUcitalre-of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. a Cl for better regulating the collection of his

and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an act made in the thirty-fxth year of the reign of his present entitled, An act for continuing and amending the several laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and further preventing frauds therein, and the everal acts and fatutes which are mentioned in the said act, and continued thereby, and ty one other act of and of 38 G.

parliament passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of 3 c* his present Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act made in the thirty-seventh year of his reign,

entitled. An act for better regulating the collection of his jefys revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an act made in the thirty-fxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing and amending the several laws relating to his Majesty srevenue, and further

preventing frauds therein, and the several acts and fatutes which are mentioned in the said act and continued thereby, several provisions were made for regulating the collection of his Majesty's revenue, and preventing frauds therein, which have been found to be of general use, but are now near expiring; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said two recited

said two a£U shall be in rforce (except as hereby :altered) until .24th June, 1800, and end of next tfession.

When imported goods are taken away before duties are paid, goods subsequently entered may be detained, and may be sold for duties and charges, if not paid in 30 days.

liey duty is Secured for goods taken away, the charge shall be such as Security is given for.

What Species of cotton manufacture shall pay duty as callicoes, muslins, or muflinets, printed.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

rafts, and all and every the clanfes therein respectively contained, (except such parts thereof as are altered by this present act) shall continue and he of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

II. Whereas it sometimes happens that goods imported into this kingdom are landed and taken away without payment of the duties and charges payable thereupon, be it enacted, That whenever any importer or importers of any goods, wares, or merchandize shall be indebted to his Majesty for or on account of the duties payable upon the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandizes taken away in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the discharging officer of the port where such goods and merchandizes have been fa taken away, to detain any other goods entered subsequent to such taking away by the perfort or persons whose goods and merchandize were so taken away, until such person or persons owing the duty due and payable on the goods and merchandizes so taken away, shall satisfy and pay the amount thereof, together with such charges for (taring thereof as by law may accrue due thereon, if the same shall have been stored; and if such duties and charges shall not be paid within thirty days after the same shall be so detained, the officer shall cause the fame, ora sufficient part thereof, to be sold by public cant, and out of the money arising by such sale, to pay the duties and charges aforesaid thereon due, and shall pay the remainder thereof, and deliver any such goods remaining unfold to the owners thereof: provided that when such goods have been taken away by the owners thereof, without payment of the duties due and payable upon the importation thereof; and where security hath been given for the amount thereof, such goods, at the time of the entry thereof, shall be charged with the duties for which such security was given, and no other.

III. And whereas frauds have been frequently committed by entering several species of new manufactures made of cotton at a lower duty than by law they should be entered; be it enacted, That all manufactures made of cotton, of the like species of manufacture as callico, rauflin, or muflinet,

3 whether

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

whether the fame, or any part thereof, be Gained or dyed "before or after the weaving thereof, by whatever particular ' name the fame now are, or hereafter shall be denominated, shall fall under the description of, and pay duty as callicoes, muflms, or muflinets, printed, painted, or Gained.

IV. And be it -enafied. That if any brandy, rum, or other Spirits, in calks, bottles, jars, or other vessels or packages, under fifty gallons gauge, save and except Spirits of vitriol, or other Spirits uSed in the linen manufacture, and cordial waters 5 or any teas in any package, except such teas as shall be directly brought from Great Britain, and proved to have been exported from thence, or any teas, whether brought from Great Britain or not, in packages, containing less than ten pounds each j or any tobacco in any package containing less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight; or any goods liable to forfeiture by any act of parliament, upon importation into this kingdom, shall be found on board any ship, veflei, or boat, in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or within four ieagues of the shore thereof, or shall be discovered So to have been, although bulk Shall not appear to have been broken, or any of the Said goods or commodities before mentioned, or any of them, run, or attempted to have been ran, out of such ship, veflei* or boat, in every such case all such goods and commodities so found on board such ship, veflei, or boat, together with such ship, veflei, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, shall be forfeited or if any Ship, veflei,-or boat shall be found in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek, of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the shore thereof, or shall be discovered So to have been, although Such goods and commodities before mentioned, or any of them, Shall not be found on board Such Ship, veflei, or boat, upon proof made that such goods or commodities, or any of them, have been taken from on board Such ship, veflei, or boat, and landed in any part of this kingdom, then every such ship, veflei, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and all goods and commodities on board shall be forfeited, over and above any other penalty or forfeiture for the Said offence, incurred by any law now of force in this kingdom.

5 S 2V. Provided

Spirits imported in vet fels under fifty gallon* (except as herein),

and teas, except from G. Britain, or teas, from G. Britain or not, in pack ages under xolb.

or tobacco under 4251b*

or goods liable to forfeiture, found, on board any vessel within 4. leagues of shore, shall be forfeited, ' and such ship. See, &c. or vessels proved to have had such goods, though not found, shall be forfeited, and all there* in.

44« The thirty-ninth Year of George TIL

A.D. 1799. Chap. 66.

Vesstls ^driven in by di it refs shall not be forfeited, on j>roof of ne-ccllity.

-2 gallons of brandy and nib. of tea allowed for each leaman.

Such vessels and cargoes shall be forfeited, although driven in by necessity, if any part rthereof be landed.

Duties on salt used in bleaching shall be repaid by col-ledtors t« bleacher^.

"V. Provided always, That no such forfeitures shall be incurred in case such vessel shall be driven in by unavoidable necessity and distress, and that the matter, purser, or other person, having or taking the-charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall, immediately' after the arrival of any such ship, vessel, or boat, into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice and make proof of such necessity and distress, before the chief officer of the revenue, resident at the nearest plaee where such ship, vessel, or boat shall arrive.

VI. Provided also, That it shall be lawful to have so much tea, brandy., rum, or other spirits, for the use of the seamen then belonging to, and on board such ship or vessel as shall not exceed in quantity more than two gallons of spirits for ea-ch seaman, nor more than one pound of tea for each seaman, belonging to such ship or veffd.

VII. And whereas ships and vessels with such goods and merchandize on board them, frequently come into the ports, harbours, havens, rivers or creeks of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the shore thereof, either in real of pretended distress, and after they so come in as aforesaid, smuggle the whole or part of their cargoes; be it enacted, That if any ship or vessel shall come into any port, harbour, haven, river or creek in this kingdom, or shall be within four leagues of the shore thereof, with any such goods or merchandize as aforesaid on board, and that any of such goods or merchandize shall be so landed in any part of this kingdom, the ship or vessel from on board of which such goods or merchandize shall be so landed, together with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel shall be forfeited, as also the remainder of the cargo of such ship or vessel of such descriptions, and in such packages as aforesaid, notwithstanding such ship or vessel was forced into this kingdom, or was within four leagues of the shore thereof, by unavoidable necessity or distress.

VIII. Be it enacted, That when any person shall make use of salt in the process of bleaching, such person shall be entitled to receive, and the collector of his Majesty's revenue in the distritft within which such salt shall have been imported or made, shall repay to such person all such duties

as

Nn drawback on Itifli

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

as shall have been paid on the said salt, on his making it appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, by affidavit, or if a known quaker, by affirmation, that such salt had been made -life of in the process of bleaching.

IX. And be it enacted, That no payment of duty, drawback or'allowance, shall be made or paid for any quantity fpi.itsex-of spirits distilled in this kingdom, which shall be exported

in any cask or vessel containing less than one hundred gal- lo®‘talli>ns

J ° # G or ships utid.r

Ions, or which shall be shipped on board any fiaip or vessel, 70 t,.n, o« of less burden than seventy tons, or that shall be flipped, kTaimptim to be consumed on ship-board, or for any other purpofo than 0lbjatd' as merchandize.

X. And be it enacted, That all spirits distilled in this Hjwnd kingdom, for which a drawback on export thereof shall be ^I’lTbeex-1* claimed, shall be exported from a port allowed by law, and {J^ackT* at the common quays for exportation, and within the usual cb-awd. hours, in the presence of some sworn officer of the excise,

upon due notice thereof given at the office of excise of the district in the port from which such spirits shall be (flipped; and such officer or officers shall certify the quantity and quality of such spirits or strong waters so shipped, to the commissioners or collectors of the respective districts, who are hereby required to pay the person or persons so exporting the fame, the drawback payable within one month after such exportation.

XI. Provided always, That before any permit shall be Oathtot*c granted by any officer for shipping any spirits, for which ^perm^tT such drawback of the excise is to be paid as aforesaid, the r.ant.e<1

r . intpping fpi-

person applying for such permit, if he or she be the distiller rits, for which thereof, shall make an oath of the following import before claimed bj such officer, who is hereby empowered and required to ad- dlftlIle*’ minister the fame, that is to say, that the full duty payable has been paid for all the spirits so intended to be shipped; and in case such spirits have been reduced in strength, after the same shall have been distilled, that nothing has been or shall be added thereto but water, for the purpose of reducing the same to the strength prescribed by law-, and every per- permitstobe son making such oath shall produce the gauger’s permit for the said spirits, which permit such officer shall keep, and if such

produced;

I

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

spirits shall he exported by any mother* person'than the dlf-«79» tiller thereof, such person shall produce -to fiach-.officer the permit or permits, certificate or certificates under which he . oath to be , or fog received the fame, and shall indike manner make aa

; made by

i exporter not oath of the import ^following, to wit, that the spirits so in-.being ii er, to j^e {dipped_are the identical spirits received^by him

<or her by virtue of the permit or ..permits, certificat^or certificates so produced; and that neither he, (he or any-person for him, or her, did,-to his or her knowledge, receive by virtue or under.colour-of the fame, a greater quantity of 'spirits than is thereinexprefied.; 'and that neither he or she, nor any other person to his or her knowledge, did or shall, add any liquor thereto but water, to reduce the same to the strength prescribed by 1-aw,} and every such officer shall then grant a permit annexed to, or at the-foot.of the said.affidavit, for shipping the quantity required, and shall -keep the permit or certificate so produced to, and depofi ted with him.; provided also, that before any drawback shall be paid for such spirits shipped for exportation, as aforesaid, the quantity and quality, or degree of strength thereof, and the.contents of each.calk shall be certified by the surveyor and other officer who shipped and-gauged the fame} and that the per-madebyex- son exporting the same shall make oath before the customet,

porter before r & 7

collector, or.principal officer of the port from whence the same shall be exported, who is, and are empowered and required :to administer the same, -of the quantity of spirits so shipped, and the ship and master’s name, and to what place Tound, and that-to his or her knowledge or belief, said spirits, or any part thereof, have not been, nor are intended no be unffiipped or landed in any other than the place in the said oath mentioned } and the master of the-ffiip, -when clearing out, shall likewise make oath before such officer, who i« in like manner empowered and required to administer the same, that he has said spirits on board his ship, and that they are not intended to be relanded to his knowledge or belief, and that he will not suffer the fame, or any part thereof, to be re-landed in Ireland, or landed in Great Britain, or the island of Farro or Ferro, except in case of inevitable distress.; provided also, That such person, before he or she shall be entitled to receive any allowance or drawback, by virtue

hereof.

«officers to

grant permits at foot of affidavits, arfu to keep permits or

i certificates; quantity and quality to be certified by officer who flop ’» or gauges;

oath to be rmade by exporter be colic&or

‘ bond-to be entered into . before drawback is pa:d;

Tie- thirty-ninth Year George III.

hereof, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in double the Fum which he or she shall claim, for such drawback, conditioned that such spirits or strong waters shall be exported to parts beyond the seas, and shall not be re-landed in this kingdom, or landed in Great Britain, or the island of Farro or Ferro; and upon certificate returned under the hand and seal of the chief -magistrate of any port or place beyond the seas, or under the hand and seal-of two known merchants, of the place where finch spirits or flroog waters shall have been landed, and that the fame were there landed, or upon proof made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise, or of the collector, or other chief officer of the port, that such spirits or fi.rong waters were taken by enemies, or perished in the' seas, the said hond shall be delivered up to . such exporter to be cancelled, without any fee for the same.

upon arrival of certificate from port where landed, or proof of being taken or'loll at sea, bond (hail-fee caucelhtd.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any such spirits or strong Treble *-waters To shipped For exportation, shall be afterwards re- fptrk«?e!h

landed or unshipped in any part of Ireland, or shall be put on board any boat, or other vessel, in any creek, haven, G. Britain, or port thereof, or at Tea, in order to be re-landed, without Ferro! shall the license of one or more of the principal officers of such masterarta port or place first had, or unless it be in C2*fe of difirefs, to exporter,

1 *1 ... - ccpt ki'dil-

save the fame from periThing, which difirefs shall be made trek Tknown forthwith to one of the officers of the port where such ship shall arrive; or if any such spirits or "firong'wafers shall be landed in Great Britain, or Fhe island of Farro, or.Ferro, except in case of difirefs as aforesaid, the master, rpurTer, or other person having the charge of such ship, out -of which such spirits shall be so unshipped, landed, or re-Tanded, and also the exporter of such spirits, 'Ilia 11 each of :them forfeit treble the value of such spirits.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no allowance or abate- ‘No allow-

ment shall be made on any brandy, rum, geneva, or other ^Cn°p;k"s ' foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, on account of any £j! decrease, or supposed decrease of strength or quantity, by or office reason of the heat of weather, or on account of the space by

occupied by the measuring rule, or of what is commonly called the-wet dip.

5 T -2 ' XIV. And

444

A.D.

1799'

Chap. 66.

No duty fin cxpoita-tion ol bread.

Tot-a flies expcited to imy pi ice but G 13 ri tain shall be’ for-fcitcil, and the Hi ip, tackle, &c.

The thirty-ninth Year George III.'

XIV. And be it enacted, That there shall not any duty whatsoever be paid to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for, or on account of any bread or biscuit of the manufacture of this kingdom, exported out of the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That during the continuance of the present war, no pot-ashes, or pearl-ashes whatsoever, shall be exported from this kingdom in any ship or vessel whatsoever, to any place, except Great Britain and if any such allies shall be laden on board any ship or vessel bound to any place except Great Britain, or shall be exported to any place except Great Britain, the ship or veflefin which such -allies shall be so laden or exported, together with such ashes, shall be forfeited, with all her guns, tackle, furniture and apparel.

Bond to be entered into . for landing pot-ashes in G. Britain; which shall be cancelled on proof of landing in G. B.

it

rLincns made iw Germany or Sile-lia, and 'bleached in Holland, shall pay duties &3 Holland linens.

Germany or Slcfia 7.8th linen shall ray duty as 4jwn.

XVI. And be it enacted, That before such ashes shall be laden on board any ship or vessel in this kingdom, the person exporting the same shall enter into bond, with two sufficient sureties, in the sum of two hundred pounds, conditioned that such ashes shall be landed in Great Britain, and no where else.; and upon certificate being returned within three months from the day of the date of such bond, under - the hand and seal of the chief officer of the port in Great Britain, where such ashes shall have been landed, that the said ashes were there landed, or upon proof made within such time, to the satisfaction of any one of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs or excise, that such ashes were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas, the said bond shall be delivered up to such exporter, without any fee for the same.

XVII. And whereas a doubt hath arisen whether linen made in Germany or'Silesia, and after bleached in Holland, and from thence imported into this kingdom, is, or-ought to be rated and pay duty as Holland linen; be it enacted, That all linens made in Germa'ny or Silesia, and after bleached in Holland, and imported from thence into this kingdom, shall be rated as Holland linens, and pay the duties appointed by law to be paid on the importation of Holland linen.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all Germany or Silesia linen, not abqye three quarters and half broad, commonly called Jong lawns, or -narrow "Germany, shall be accounted

lawns,

v£7je thiriy^mnth Tzar George III. 445

lawns, and pay the duties appointed by law for such com- A.D.

modifies, in like proportion as the fame pays when cut into '799;

Chap. 00.

-quarter pieces. t,____,

XIX. And whereas persons frequently import loaves of Siifas«»t ffiugar broken into several pieces, as if such pieces were only

ftowdcrsd bc-

of a quality fit to "be ground and powdered, and afterwards

'sell the same as refined loaf fugaT, to the injury of the trade dutyagim

J loavtg.

-an4 revenue-of this kingdom; be it enacted, That all refined sugars imported into this kingdom shall be cenfidered ns sugars imported in loaves, and be subject and liable to "duty as such, unless the same shall have been ground, or powdered previous to their importation into this kingdom.

XX. And be it enacted, That iron immersed into copper lronim-

< 1 1 merk

mine, or water impregnated with copper, than be deemed copper mi«, and taken as copper ore, and pay duty as such. '

XXI. And be it enacted, That where any person shall Drawback*

4 # J 1 on crude

import crude bTimftone or salt petre, and shall make use of brimlione or the fame in extracting therefrom oil of vitriol or aqua-fortis^ used^nmak-such person shall be entitled to receive, and the collector of of

r vitriol or the port or district within which crude brimstone and salt pe- at^ui fortig. tre shall have been imported, shall re-pay to such person all such duties as have been paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue, by affidavit, or if a known-quaker, by affirmation, -that such crude brimlione and salt petre had been used in making vitriol or aqua fortis.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no raw silk shall be ex* On what empted from duty on account of its being the growth or cut-

ture of America, unless the mailer, commander, ot other silk ftaS person taking charge of any ship or vessel, importing raw from duty.* silk, do deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the port of importation, at or before the entry of such silk, such certificate as any mailer, commander,’or any other person, would or ought to have received at the port where any such raw silk was put on board, in order to entitle him to land the fame duty free, in this kingdom, and do also make oath, or'if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation, which oath ot affirmation the said collector or other chief officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that the bales, par-Vol. XIX. 5 U ce!s.

being such, or mixed therewith, to evaJe duties, shall be for- foiled, and 50l. and the value thereof, if mixed

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

eels, and goods, contained in such certificates, are the fame which were taken on board in the said countries, respectively, and on failure of performing any of the said requisites, all such raw silk shall be liable to the payment of the duty payable on silk not being of the growth or product of the , British colonies and plantations in America.

Raw-silk

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall make, Amirfcnn.not or cause to be made any entry or entries of any raw silk, under the name or description of raw silk of the growth or culture of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, not being of such growth or culture, or shall mix or cause to be mixed any such raw fiik with raw silk of the growth or culture of the said colonies or plantations, in order to evad? the duties payable on raw silk of the growth or culture of countries other than the aforesaid colonies or plantations, every person so making, or causing to be made such entry, or entries, or mixing or causing such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and also all such raw silk; and in case of any mixture, the quantity so mixed, together with the value thereof, as also the packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited: Provided always, that if any doubt shall arise whether such raw silk, or any part thereof, be of the growth or culture of the said colonies or ^plantations in America, the proof shall lie on the ow’ner or claimcr thereof, and not on the informer or prosecutor.

XXIV. Whereas by an act made and parted in this kingdom in the-eleventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to oblige ships more to perform their -

tine% and for the better preventing - the plague being brought from foreign parts into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of in~ feftian, several provisions are made, authorities are given, and penalties are imposed for effecting the purposes intend-k is expedient ed by the said act: And whereas it is expedient to make powT" further provision to oblige ships and vessels more effectually fions; to perform quarantine *, be it enacted, That from and after

June, *1'7 gef'h l^e twenty ‘fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred the person and ninety-nine, in addition to the particulars which such

authorized to J . -it

fee quarantine person as has or shall be authorized to fee quarantine duly Xtii°dTnwnd performed is authorised and required by the said la ft recited ' ad

proof to lie on owners.

Provisiona "fnadeb) quarantine ad, IlG.3c.IJ

The thirtj~mntb Year of George III. 4 >7

act to demand an account of from the commander, master, A.D.

or other person having charge of any ship or vessel which *799 e%\\ . uhap. 00.

shall attempt to enter into any port or place in this king- vTJ-v-

dom, and of which particulars so demanded, the said commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship culars herein

_ . , «/! . mmtioned, in

or vessel, is required by the raid recited act to give a true addition to

account of, under the penalties by the said act inflicted,

the said person, who has or shall be appointed or authorized aA, from all

b commanders

to fee quarantine duly performed, shall, and is hereby re- ofship*,ix. quired to demand of the said commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, and the said' commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, vshall, upon such demand, give a true account of the following particulars: that is to say, whether his ship or vessel touched at the isle of Rhodes, the Morea, of any part of the coast of Africa within the Mediterranean or the Levant seas, or the port of Magadore, or whether any of the ships company, or any other person on board his ship or vessel had, during the voyage homewards, in any manner whatever, any communication with any ship or vessel coming from any of tljofe places, what pilot or pilots, or other persons from the (hores of this kingdom, have been on board his ship or vessel, or had any communication with his ship’s company in any manner whatever, during the voyage homewards, and whether any of his ship’s company had been iick, and of what disorder, in the course of the voyage, or were so at the time the particulars are demanded, which mattered particulars so demanded, by virtue of the said recited act, oatu"^0* or by this act, the commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall make answer to upon oath, which oath the person who has been or shall be appointed or authorized to fee quarantine duly performed, is hereby empowered and required to- administer to such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel and in case such commander, master, or other j3ol penalty person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall, upon such forging an demand as aforesaid, give an untrue or false answer to any fwer. of the particulars required by the said recited act, or by this act, such commander, master or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds-

5 U 2

XXV. And '

It Thill not 'be necessary to give* notice of orders in council relative to qua--rautine;

‘what shall be deemed futfi* cient notice to persons concerned in quarantine.

Vessel* lia-’ble tP perform quarantine shall hoi (I fig-nals as herein directed, when they meet with any vessel within leagues of-coait, penalty acol.

% Penalties for breaches of this or recited act, or of orders in council, after being notified in Dublin Gazette) shall

*Tt>e iljirtj-ntnih Year of George III.

XXV. And whereas by the laws now in force, it may be deemed necessary, in certain cases, that the person or per-foils offending against the fame should have actual notice of the orders in council of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the ad-: vice of the privy council, touching and respecting quarantine: And whereas it is frequently impossible to prove such actual notice.; therefore-, be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to give any actual notice of any order or orders of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, or of any regulations therein contained, which are now in force touching and respecting quarantine; and that it rtiatl and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief-governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, by any order or orders hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a time or times after which the publication of such order or orders in the Dublin Gazette, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient notice to . all persons concerned, of all and every such order and: orders.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every commander, maf-ter, and other person having the charge of any ship or vessel liable to the performance of quarantine, shall and is hereby required, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in case of meeting or falling in with any ship or vessel at sea, or within four leagues of the coast of this kingdom, to hoist a particular signal to denote that his vessel is liable to quaran* tine, such signal for the day-time to be a large yellow flag at the maintop mast-bead; and for the night, to be a light at the fame mast-headi on failure whereof such commander, master, and other person having charge of such ship or vessel-so liable to the performance of quarantine, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every offence committed contrary to, or in breach of violation of the said herein last recited act, or this present act, or any order or orders of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the'advice of the privy council now

Of

The thirty-ninth Year HI.

or hereafter to be made, touching or respecting quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or published in the Dublin Gazette, and all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the said last recited act, or this act, shall be sued for, and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other" moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same.

XXVIII. And whereas it frequently happens that mailers of ships and vessels wilfully and maliciously detain and refuse to deliver up certificates of registry, granted in pursuance of the several laws for the encouragement of shipping and navigation, to the prejudice of the owner or owners of such ships and vessels; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That on complaint made on oath by the owner, or any of the owners of any ship or vessel, whose certificate of registry shall be so detained and refused to be delivered up, of such detainer and refusal, to any justice of the peace redding near to the place where the person so detaining and refusing to deliver up such certificate of registry shall be, it shall and may he lawful for such justice of the peace, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such master to be brought before him, to be examined touching such detainer and refusal; and if it shall appear to such justice of the peace on examination of such master or otherwise, that the said certificate of registry is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully and maliciously detained by such master, such master shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in failure of payment thereof, within the space of two days after the said conviction, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for such time as the said justice of the peace shall, in his discretian, deem proper, not being less than six months, nor more than twelve months.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, and he is hereby required to issue a warrant under his hand and seal, to cause search to be made for such certificate, and if the same shall be found, the said justice shall cause the same to be delivered

Vo i. XIX. 5 X to

449

A.D.

>799-, Chap. 66.

be recovered in any court of record in Dublin, owe moiety to the King, the other to person suing.

iy O 3. c. 23. f. 6, See.

Madera of {hips frequently detain certificates of registry;

mailers of {hips may be examined before magistrates, when owners make oath of refusal to give certificates, and if not loft, 6c c. they shall forfeit iooh or be committed for aay tipae not left than 6, or more than it months 1

Justices nftay issue warrants to search for certificates, which shall tc given to owners if found, if not four.d justices shall

45°

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Personsli-confed to fell spirith shall pay fees to coJlcdior*, be-fidea duties.

A.D.

to the owner, or such of the owners as shall have made the ’799. said complaint, and if the same shall not be found, the said justice shall, and he is hereby required to certify the said pofm/who detainer, refusal, and conviction, to the person or persons granted them, who granted the last certificate of registry, for such ship or mher»,ajcc!*nt vessel, who shall make registry of such ship or vessel,

and grant a certificate thereof, notifying on the back of such certificate the ground upon which such ship or vessel was so registered de novo.

XXX. And whereas doubts have arisen -whether the fees payable to the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, on the receipt of the duties to be paid by persons obtaining licenses for selling spirituous and other liquors, are payable over and above such duties; for removing of which doubts, be it declared and enacted, That all fees payable to the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in respect of licenses for selling spirituous and other liquors, shall be paid by the persons who shall obtain such licenses, over and above the duty payable thereon.

XXXI. And to prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue, by persons who import basil-leather, entering the same as tanned sheep-skins, and paying duty for the same as sheep skins imported in the wool; be it enacted, That all sheep skins tanned with bark, which shall be imported into this kingdom, shall be entered as basil-leather, and shall be charged with duty accordingly.

XXXII. And be it enacted, where two lotteries established by any act of parliament, shall be drawn in any one year, no license to keep a lottery office, or to deal in lottery tickets, shall be granted to any person for the lottery which shall be first drawn, unless - the person or persons requiring such license shall, with one or more sufficient surety or sureties, enter into a bond to his Majesty, in the penal sum of three hundred pounds, conditioned, that such person shall take out a license for the second of such lotteries, and shall pay the duty thereon j nor shall any license be grant* ed for the second of such lotteries, unless the person or persons requiring the same shall have taken out a license for the drawing of the first of the said lotteries.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any person or persons _whatsoever to commence, enter,

file,

Tanned ftieep (kina, imported, shall be entered as basil-leather.

When 2 lotteries are drawn in one year, no license shall be granted for the first, unless security is given to take out one fqr the second; nor shall a license for the fccoad be itfued to a person not licensed for the first.

No action, &c. shall be commenced against liceu-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

file, or prosecute, or cause to be commenced, entered, filed, or prosecuted, any action, suit, bill, plaint, or information, against any person or persons duly licensed to keep any lottery officer or to deal in lottery tickets for recovery of any penalty inflicted by any law touching or concerning lotteries or insurances of lottery tickets, on account of any-offence committed, or alleged to be committed by any person or persons licensed to keep a lottery office, or in the office of any such person, or for the recovery of any sum of money or demand whatever, due or alleged to be due, on any contract or assumption, either expressed or implied, in respect of any transaction, matter, or thing, prohibited by any of the said acts, unless the fame be entered, filed, and commenced, and shall be prosecuted with the consent, in writing, of his Majesty's attorney general, and at least two of the commissioners, managers, or directors of the lottery for the time being j and unless such suit, action, bill, plaint, or information shall be also commenced, ot brought within six weeks next after the fad was committed, or such cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, nor without such consent to prosecute any such action, suit, bill, plaint, or information, commenced after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and every such suit, action, bill, plaint, or information, shall be laid and brought in the county, city, or place wherein such offence shall have been committed, or such cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere and if any such action, suit, bill, plaint, or information shall be commenced, or be prosecuted without such consent, the fame, and the proceedings thereon, are hereby declared to be null and void; and if any person or persons be sued or prosecuted for any of the matters aforesaid, or for any thing done contrary to the provisions of any of said acts, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence, at the trial or trials of any such suit, action, bill, plaint, or information; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his, het, or their action, suit, bill,

5X2 plaint,

451

A.D.

'799-Chap. 66.

fed office-keepers, for offences against any lottery without consent of attorney general! and 2 cora-roiili oners, and within 6 weeks after cause and consent after 25th Marck,. 1799.

suits to be laid and brought where offences are committed;

suits otherwise com- me need shall be void;

persons sued may plead the general issue;

treble costs to defendant, if plaintiff be non suited, &c.

452 , The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

plaint, or information, or judgment shall be given against h^66 him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prosecutors, and shall have like remedy for the fame, as defendants have for coils in any other cases by law.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the

T*hc dath of the year /bail first day of June, one thcjufand seven hundred and ninety-*5 " n*nc» n0 person shall make any paper, unless there shall be

made after visible in the fnbftance thereof a mark, commonly called a and (b in 9* water mark, of the date of the present year of our Lord, commencing in the following figures, 1799, and in like manner, in nah^of Vnd cverv subsequent year, beginning on the first day of Ja-paperfor- nuary the date of such year; and all paper which shall he *'c ' made after the said time in which there shall not be such water mark, shall become forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and the maker thereof shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares, and merchandizes which shall be landed out of any ship or other

Cotk shall be ve^ at custom-house quay, at the port of Cork, shall taken away be taken away from the said quay by the respective owner

at time* here-

in mentioned; or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons to whom the same shall be consigned, at the respective times herein after mentioned; that is to say, that every calk of spirits, wines and other liquors or liquids shall be taken and carried away from the said quay within the space of three days, commonly called working-days; that is to say, three days not being Sundays or Holydays after the same shall have been so landed* and that every calk or other package of weighable or dry goods shall be taken and car-a»y*perP«act!ty r*e<* ^rom the quay within the space of fix working

per day for days after the same shall have been so landed; and if any a«.UpdcVca(k person or persons shall, contrary to the directians herein for*7good». containc<l, permit or fuifer his, her, or their spirits, wines, liquors, or other liquids to lie or remain on the said quay for any longer space of time, than three working days after the same shall be so landed on the said quay, that then every calk of spirits, wines, liquors, and other liquids, shall be charged

vine, spirits, Jcc. in 3 working days:

dry goods in f> working

The thirty-ninth ITcar of George III. 453

charged and chargeable with the penalty of two shillings A.D. for every such calk of (pints, wines, liquors, or other li- q^66 quids for every day the same shall remain after the said a^-v-w* three working days; and in case any person or persons shall permit or fufier any of his, her, or their calks or packages of weighable or dry goods or merchandizes to remain on the said quay for any longer space of time than fix. working days after the same shall be so landed on the said quay, that then every calk or package of weighable or dry goods shall be charged and chargeable with a penalty of two shillings for every such calk or package of weighable or dry goods, for every day such calk or package shall so remain on the said quay, after the fix working days.

XXXVI. And whereas numbers of idle and disorderly persons daily frequent the custom-house quay of the port of Cork, under pretence of flying and acting as porters on tke fame, by which the property of individuals has in many infiances been purloined; be it enacted, That it shall not be None lhaE lawful for any person whatsoever, to ply hr aft as porter on tnmfbaa?*' the custom-house quay of the port of Cock, or in the fiores

of fdid custom-house, until such person shall be first approved of by the surveyor of the said quay fiores, and receive, in testimony of such approbation, a badge from the surveyor, approving of such person, signifying such approbation, which badge shall be delivered to every such person without fee or reward *, and if any person shall ply Or aft as uabadged porter on said quay, or in the said fiores, until badged and befinied^ approved of as aforesaid, such person being thereof convicted before any magistrate of the city of Cork, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and in default of payment of said sum, be shall be imprisoned for one month, without bail or mainprize.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Fine*, &c. fines, penalties and forfeitures infiifted by this act, other by 14 and 1$-tfifan and except such as are by this act otherwise provided other

for, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and ap- {^b""j£r plied in such manner and form, and by such ways and wife provided means, and with such powers and authorities a9 are pre- «medy ofap' feribed, directed and appointed in and by an act of, parlia- P*1, ment made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign

Vol. XIX. 5 Y of such at get badges from funreyor;

454 7/k thirty ninth Year George III. A.D. 1799.

In force to 24 June,

1800, and end of next session.

of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An for settling of the exetfe or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and fuccffors, according to the book of rates therein , or by any other law or laws relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effedoally, to all intents, constructions,' and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed, and rc-enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or them aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise is provided.

---

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same.

---

Saturdaytht first day tf June, ant thousand ftvtn hundred and ninety nine. Royal Assent given.

JOHN CATER, D. CLER. PAUL.

WHEREAS ah ad pasted in this kingdom, in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, enti-Reclul of tied, An act for the better col left ion of sums arising from forfeited recognizances, and from fnes imposed at affixes, c’5°’ commissions of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery, and

sessions tf the peace, and for the future application of the fame. bid aft re- And whereas the said act, in order to its having effectual amended; operation in the coupty and county of the city of Dublin, as also in some other respects requires to be amended; therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty,

7 bY

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said recited act, together with the alterations and amendments herein after mentioned, shall, during the continuance of the said recited act extend to, and be executed in the county, and county of the city of Dublin, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as to or in any other county in the kingdom. And whereas in the third clause of the said recited act, which relates to the collection of the money arising from recognizances and fines estreated between the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the passing of the said recited act, and also in the ninth clause of the said act, which relates to the collection of the money arising from recognizances and fines estreated, or to be estreated, since the passing of the said act, the comptroller of the pipe is directed to issue such process as therein mentioned, directed to the treasurers of the counties respectively in the baronies or half baronies, of which the said respective debtors are usually reputed to dwell, or appear to dwell respectively.

II. Be it enacted, That in cases where the said respective debtor or debtors are reputed, or taken to dwell, or appear , to dwell respectively, in the county of the city of Dublin, or in any parish thereof, the said process shall, from and after the passing of this act, be directed to the treasurer of the public money of the county of the said city.

III and be it enacted, That all such process as shall be directed to the said treasurer, or to the treasurer of the county of Dublin, shall be issued by the comptroller of the pipe, before the elfoign day of every Easter and Michaelmas term respectively, shall be returnable respectively on the first return day of Hilary and Trinity terms next following, that is to say, such process as shall be issued before the elfoign day of every Easter term, shall be returnable on the first return day of the ensuing Hilary term, and such process as shall be issued before the elfoign day of every Michaelmas term, shall be returnable on the first return day of the ensuing Trinity term, any thing in any former act to the contrary notwithstanding, and such process shall and may from time to time be re-

5 Y 2 newcd

A.

455

D.

1799-Chap. 67.

recited act and amendment* hereby made, shall extend to co. and co. of city of Dub-Jin.

Proceb directed by 3d and 9th clause* of 38 G. 3. to be directed to county treasurer*, shall, where debtors dwell in co. of city of Dublin, be directed to treasurer of public money thereof.

At what time* such process shall be issued by comptroller of pipe to said treasurer, or to treasurer of co. Dublin, anti at what time* returnable;

X

45$

A.D.

799-Chap. 67.

such proccfa may be renewed from time to time.

Treasurer of co. of city of Dublin shall dircd warrants to collectors of grand jury cess where debtors reside, who shall have fame powers as colli dors of forfeited recog.

1 nizances.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

newed and ifloed in manner aforesaid, as oocasion shall require, and shall be delivered to the several and respective treasurers to whom the same shall be directed, within ten days after i (Suing thereof, according to the course prescribed for the delivery of the process of green wax directed to the Sheriffs of this kingdom.

IV. And whereas by the eleventh clause of the said recited act, the treasurers of the respective counties are directed within six days after they shall respectively have received such process* to make out their warrants, containing such directions and other particulars, and directed to, and to be delivered to such collectors, and within such times as in said act are particularly mentioned; be it enacted, That the treasurer of the public money of the county of the city of 'Dublin shall make out, direct, and deliver all such warrants within the respective times therein mentioned, to the respective collectors of the grand jury cess for the respective parishes within the county of the said city; in which the respective debtors shall appear by the said process to reside, and that the several collectors to whom such process shall be directed by the said treasurer, shall have all the like powers and duties as the collectors in the said recited act mentioned, are in veiled with by the said act, and that they shall be Severally deemed collectors of forfeited recognisances, with the like powers and restrictions, and subject to the like penalties as the collectors in the said act; and that all his Majesty's justices of the peace, and all high, petty, and fub-constables, within their respective jurisdictions, and all his Majesty's subjects resident within the said several and respective parishes, within the county of the said city, shall, if required by the said several and respective collectors be aiding and assisting to them respectively, in the execution of the said processj and in case any such con liable, on being thereto required, shall neglect or refuse to aid any of the said collectors as aforesaid, every such constable shall, upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace acting within his jurisdiction, forfeit for every such offence a Sum not exceeding ten pounds fierling, to be levied by difirefs and Sale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of any such justice, one moiety whereof shall be paid to the informer or

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. <457

informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish in A.D. which such offence shall have been committed. 1799.

V. And whereas by the twelfth clause of the said recited act, the several collectors for levying the grand jury cess,

- are directed to enter into such recognizances-with such fare-Mics in such penal sums before such persons, at such times,

with such conditions, and to be delivered and filed in such manner as in the said act are particularly mentioned,'be it enacted, That all and every such collector and cbllectors for.'Colleaore for the county or county of the city of Dublin, who shall be in county of

- office on the first day bf ihe term next subsequent to the

1 passing of this act, shall, on some day 4n' the said term, and into such that all and every such collector and cbllectors who shall in so-Kin^r*’ future be, appointed, shall at the term and time of such 411 their appointment, enter respectively into said recognizance,

‘ before his Majesty's cotfrt of King’s' bench, or before the chief or other Judge thereof, and that every such recognizance shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be entered into with such sureties, in such penal sum,

and with such conditions-as in said act- mentioned, and shall be delivered' by the clerk of the crown to the chief remem- branccr of the court of exchequer, to be filed in the office of the said chief remembrancer.

VI. And be it enacted, That all recognizances that may Recogniz have been entered into for the due execution of the said re-

into previous

cited act, by any of the said collectors previous to the pass- andranfo-’m--ing of this act, before the said court of King’s bench, or *h,e to ,lh’s

b & . ’and recited -

before any judge thereof, shall,--if they be in all other re-»a, shall be ' spects conformable to the directions of this, and the said re- 'al,d' cited act, be deemed good and valid, and duly and legally entered into to all intents and purposes, any thing in this or the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That the respective treasurers of Process for the county, and county of the city of Dublin, shall, on the recog-

' first day of every Easter and Michaelmas term, lay before nizanc<s ar,‘l

7 7 . / . fines, II,all I*

the grand jury of the respective counties, the original process laid before g.

for the levying of all forfeited recognizances and fines which and Midi!* shall have been issued from the office of the comptroller of te^n,i the pipe, and have been respectively received by them, and the names of the collectors to whom they -delivered or caused

c 458 5T/*p The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A.D.

to-be delivered their respective warrant and warrants*-for the'

«709- due levying and-executing the fame in purfua-nce of this-and-k the said recited act.

_ Co!e<3:irs -VIII. And be it enacted, ' Tuat-every colle&or1 for the'

k for co, of city

«of Dublin county of the city of Dublin, to "whom any such ' warrant. fa v." "powers or Warrants shall be so delivered as'afor.efcid, shall have t-he

3me powers in the presence -of any . magistrate resident or roi.itable, within the county of the said city, or in default thereof of ci^ctora a constable of he respective parishes, to-fu-mmon and im-

for^invcRcti panne^' jur'cs> -anc^ hold enquiries on the: several manors in-

«ith; cident to the execution of the said -process, as sheriffs and.

collectors of forfeited recognizances and fines have hen heretofore in veiled r with, ..and that- every such collector for, the county of Dublin shall have all and singular the like, powers,-in the presence of such justice of the peace or con->

coP.eftors for {table respecti.vclv, as in the" said recited- at! is' mentioned;

county and

co. or city of 3 nd that every such collector. for each of said ^counties re- . Dubun, shall _fpedlively, shall forthwith- pay aver-all and every sum-and-funxs of money -which he shall raise and levy by virtue of the said process, to the respective treasurers. of the said; county and county of the city of '.Dublin.

Treasurers

IX. And be it enacted, That the respective treafarers of

to account fer . r ta i* n 11

-money receiv- the county and county or the city or Dublin, than respect . -who nvcb' hT before the respective grand jury at Easter and Mi-fliaSibeal_chaclmas term, an account of all money- paid-to them re-

lowed 5*. in J r

the I'oumi, if spe£lively by each collector in pursuance of this-and the said ven^fecu- recited Uifl; and provided such collector shall have given fe-

ritT5 curity for the duly levying and paying in the fame in manner

herein before,- and in the said recited act mentioned, that he shall upon, every such payment allow to every such collector as’ shall make the fame a sum not ltfs than five shillings in the pound of such payment, and also that it shall be lawful for the said -respective grand, juries, and they are hereby parti-eo’!-6iors 5s. cularly required . upon such collector. producing -such certifi- on1 p^oduciifg cate and affidavit as are in said recited act mentioned, to anj'affidavit-- to such collector out of whatever other money arif-

o^Cnms for -ing-by Virtue of this and the said feci ted act, the respective shall he com- treasurer shall then -have in his hands a sum not less than nntu-d. . gve fltallings in the pound of the whole sum for which any person oppersons shall have been>committed by such collector

pay fnm8 Tailed, to -their respeo tive treasurers.

rand-juries miry present

T: eastirer

Collegers for co. and city of Dab-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

fort© the "sheriff or-sheriffj as in the said recited act is mentioned, which said respective allowances - and presentments shall be deemed a full compensation and reward to the said r-espective -collectors'of the said county and county of the city of Dubliu, for the performance of their several duties under this and the said recited n<fd, anything in the said recited acd, to the contrary thereof notwithstar.ding.

X.' And be it enadlbd, That instead'of the separate ba-rony books in the Taid recited a<5d mentioned," the treasurer of of Duli;,^ Hie county of the -said ’city {half keep nnd appropriate a fepa- JCp!rat-bol.k rate book for each and every several parish which is con- r‘,r eac!> ‘

# riih.

tained within the county of the said city, and shall therein make or cause to be made respectively, all and every such entry and entries as treasurers are by the said a<fd directed to make in the respective books for every barony therein mentioned.

XI. And.'be it enacted, That all.and every colleger and collectors for the said county and county of the city of Dublin, shall at every Easter and Michaelmas term, appear per- 4 Tonally before - the respective,grand juries of the said county.beforeg-and county of said' city, and shall then in the presence of JpUrrfflcenof^ - the respective 'treasurers of said counties, account severally e^ry E^iter-and respectively on' oath before, said respective grand juries and M:cliae!-

r ' , J . ma* term;

for all- andeverv Turn "and Turns of "money contained in ftfen

warrant or warrants as shall d^ave been so directed to him or them fefpe£lively4a6 aforesaid; and the find grand juries are'"- j®*

1 ' . u J examine eol-

hereby* respectively tiuthoriaed and required to examine theaters, find Teverfil <collectors touching the full and due execution or non-execution of this add, and touching all such matters arid_things as shall rekite to the levying or non-levying the several film and sums- contained in such warrant or warrants respeddivtl-y.

XII. And be it enacted, That at every Easter and-Michaelmas Saldg. }«-term, the said respective grand juries shall respectively certify'to^King’* the court of King’s bench, that they have respectively well and bench, that duly examined into the execution of this and the said recited add anrinrdr&c* Within their respective counties, and state therein whether the fame has been- fully executed, or wherein and by whom there shall have been any deficiency or neglect; and the said court' shall before they court to exa-fiat any presentment of Inch respective juries at any such term, bcfofe examine into the Taid certificate and statement of the grand jury,f»t Pre-

a.6o

A.D. 1799. Chap. 67.

fentments, and to line for neglect or irufcanduft, Sec.

Parishes in Dublin to be credited for fuim levied.

~ Returns to

be mudtj at Hilary and Trinity term by said treasurers, to court of exchequer, in manner herein directed

such re torn 8, fice shall be filed in office of comptroller of pipe.

Treasurers may be fined and attached by court of exchequer, for not returning pro-cefi>, as direct-cd j and may be pun ifiied at discretion of court for false returns.

' Sheriffs to make returns of cersons committed to their custody by collectors in co of city of Dublin, every coin-

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

and impose fines according to their direction, for albnegled: or rhif-conduct appearing, and shall and may, if they think fit, direct the recognizance or recognizances of any such collector or collectors to he eft rented, or ad otherwise as shall appertain tq justice and a due execution of this act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of the county of the city of Dublin shall set down to the credit of the several and respective pariil.es therein, all sums of money which shall have been respectively levied on persons refuling therein by virtue of this and the said recited act, and-shall be charged and chargeable -with the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the treasurer of each of the said counties respectively shall, on or before the first return day of every, Hilary and Trinity term, return into the court of exchequer, the said respective process to them respectively issued as aforesaid, and annex thereto, by way of return, a true copy of the said certificate and statement so made by the respective. grand jury, in the term immediately preceding as herein befofe directed, which copy the said respective treasurers are hereby required to verify by their respective affidavit to be annexed thereto, and sworn before a magistrate of the respective county, who is hereby authorized and required to administer and attest the fame, and the said process, return, and affidavit shall be filed and.kept in the office of the comptroller of the pipe;

XV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's court of exchequer may, on the last day of the respective term in which any such process shall be returnable, impose such fine and fines as they may think proper on any treasurer and treasurers of the said county, and county of the city of Dublin respectively, who shall not have returned the process to him and them respectively delivered, in manrier by this and the said recited act directed, and may award an attachment egainst every Inch treasurer at such time as the said court may think fit; and every such treasurer who shall return a false, altered, interpolated or mutilated copy of said certificate or statement, shall be punishable by the said court, as they in their discretion shall think proper.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the sheriffs into whbfe ctistody any person or persons shall have been committed by any such collector ofdhe county of the city of Dublin, by virtue of this and the said recked ad, shall at the holding of every commission of oyer and terminer, and general gaol delivery for the county of the said city,’ return to the justices of oyer and terminer a certificate containing

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

the names of the several persons so committed to them by any such collector, and who were in their custody at any time dur-ing the holding of the then next preceding commission of oyer add terminer, of have been since committed to them, and the times when they were respectively committed, and the sums for which they were so committed, and whether any and which of such persons then remain in their custody, and if not, by what authority they were respectively discharged, and the gaoler of such ffieriffs shall, by affidavit to be sworn before such justices of oyer and terminer, verify the truth of said certificate, and such certificate and affidavit shall be lodged with the clerk of the crown, who shall annex the same to the estreats of all forfeited recognizances and fines returned by him, pursuant to this and the said recited act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the said ffieriffs to whom any such persons as aforesaid, shall be committed as aforesaid, shall be chargeable with all sums for which such persons were so committed to them in the same manner as they are now by law chargeable for fines on persons convicted of any criminal offences, and committed to them for such fines; save and except that the said sums shall be paid and payable to the treasurer of the county of the said city, and be by him placed to the credit of the parish or parishes respectively, in which the person or persons so committed, as aforesaid, respectively reside, and the comptroller of the pipe shall issue his usual process against such ffieriffs for the levying of the fame for the purposes aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, That where any person so committed, and by whom any ffieriff or ffieriffs of the county or county of the city of Dublin shall become chargeable as aforesaid, shall not remain in the custody of the said ffieriff or ffieriffs, the ffieriff or ffie-riffs to whom such last mentioned process shall issue, shall, on his or their producing a discharge from the collector by whom any such person was committed, or on producing an order of the court of exchequer for the discharge of any such person, or on producing the receipt of the treasurer of the respective county for the whole fora for which such person or persons was, or were committed, be exonerated upon his or their account for the sum or sums for which such person or persons so discharged, was or were respectively committed.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all and every sum and sums of money which shall be levied by virtue of this and the said recited act, and paid to the treasurer of the county of the city of Dublin, shall be applied by him after paying or deducting thereout, such

million of oyer and terminer, as herein directed;

gaoler to ve-tify fhcrifPs certificate by oath;

certificates and affidavits to be lodged with derk of crown.

Sheriffs chargeable with rams for which' ' person* arer committed* wilds paid to* treasurer| and comptroller , shall iflhe process-against them#

Sheriffs shall be exonerated on producing discharges or orders*

How money shall be levied and applied by trea-fnrer of co. of city of

Dublin*

A 62

A.D. 1799.

i-Ch.'ip. 67.

S. - t- --/

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

prrt thereof tb: collector shall be entitled to, in aid of the pre-lenrmer.ts upon the parish in which the same shall have been levied, that is to f.-.y, 1 be laid treasurer shall blue hia warrant for levying nn any f..J- -..;iiii purfa mt to the preferments made by the grand jury f r the county -of the find city, at any term, such sum only as .’ml! -r. r.uin to \>zlevied thereon, after deducting thereout, or giv-i- g co d’: liiioe'pi, ibr all such li.ms levied within such pari ih as he

shall

: a

i Vu V *J oi co. r’t .1 t liV; i 1

V.-.iC -U py

l.toi ;o 1 c. ’

j :.cuu'! by virtue of this and the said recited act, i:n:c the ! b prefLn'h.g term, or which’.he shall have in his hands c: ro. v ioroter keying to the credit of such parish, any law, usage, c.* ct.-llom to the contrary, thereof not with (landing.

X:r. And be it en.ded, That all money paid into the respective treasurer.- of the* f. id county and county of the said.city.of Dublin, u id r:hi.; and the fr-td recited act, shall be deemed part of the pub-cii un.'.tr;’.ia lie money c f tl.’e laid respective counties, aid as such be paid into ba i'.'to dtc- brr.l: of Irclan 1 by- the said respective treasurers, in the fame

of ir..i.irii, rearin', r and at the fame times, and under the like penalties respee-

0. Ch'-v *j 1 y

to lb.L:;.» lively as other public money received by the said respective trea-

d in the t.venty-lba'.i year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An b'b.v../.bj, heuutnirgi ar.J repairing public roads in the county u Win, and fir repealing farts of f formerly made for

’arfapy ,d the -other passed in the thirty-third year of his . Taju. reign, entitled. An a31 respecting the collection cf r-o:,v, to !i ". . 1.1 the county of the city of Dublin by pre-

j CO. La.LII.1 live!;

10 2(1 r

G. 3. orul the lure

ncl ixiocclin x 0 truck

public.* in- - r

:.n, 3j C. J. im: g

J

4

vi - i

L.*.} 1

ri\ G

o*j.cr

v. 11 ! c t?i- fever

crtalcii: rf ‘

F* jtU VS i:.:'/ the '

rlbnv 10I- , c

*r to ( L k

\ r

r'.tivt w nereis tit

trouble o

f the everal' treasurers of the

t-V.V tUi-lt: \

vrs, v ill uec.r.rily be considerably enefeased in performing ver 1 dm As- of the said recited act: And whereas the trouble r< (b._dbTe treasurers of the county of the city of Dublin, u> i cm.my of rUbbi, will also necessarily be considerably en-1. A.-Iin i-m'cqt’.et ce of this and the said recited act; be it further enr bed, That from Mid after the passing of this act, the feve-i.i grand juries of the several and respective counties, counties of t; e chic, :uX counties of towns,..dialI and may at each and every ;.";rrs in c\ y year, allow to the several and' respective treasurers id 1 n_several and respective Counties out of monies to be raised am! levied ie pursuance of this and the said former act, a sum nor c-sccc lug t n pounds by the year; and the grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, shall and

---

The Thirty-ninth Year of George III. 463

A.D. 1799 Chap. 67

[20l. a year to treasurers of co. and co. of city of Dublin.]

may at every Easter and Michaelmas term in every year, allow to each respective treasurer of the county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, out of the monies to be raised and levied in pursuance of this and the former act, a sum not exceeding twenty pounds by the year; which said allowance to each and every treasurer of the several and respective counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, is and shall be a full remuneration for such their encreased trouble, in addition to each and every other sum or sums to which they are intitled under any other act or acts.

[Last page handwritten.]

