Private Acts passed in 1783, 23 George 3, c. 1 - 44.
From www.legislation.gov.uk/changes/chron-tables/private/20
---

1 Turvey (Bedfordshire) inclosure.
2 Barnard Castle (Durham) inclosure.
3 Dunnington Heath (Warwickshire) inclosure.
4 North Deighton (Yorkshire) inclosure.
5 Heytesbury (Wiltshire) allotment of open and common fields and commonable places.
6 Naturalization of John Ruete.
7 Naturalization of David Fasnacht.
8 Naturalization of Ephraim Seehl.
9 Naturalization of Stephen and John Renaud.
10 Newcastle-under-Lyme (Staffordshire) inclosure and Poor rates Amendment.
11 Naturalization of David Piffard.
12 Lord Ongley's estate: sale of manor of Vinters (Kent), and purchase of other such property and hereditaments to be settled in lieu.
13 Enabling the Crown to sell to Thomas Pitt an inheritance in or near Petersham (Surrey).
14 William Pulteney's estate: enabling grants of leases.
15 Stanford (Berkshire) inclosure.
16 Henshaw and Melkridge (Northumberland) inclosure.
17 Roos in Holderness (Yorkshire, East Riding) inclosure.
18 Burton Hastings (Warwickshire) inclosure.
19 Staunton-upon-Wye (Herefordshire) inclosure.
20 John Williams' divorce, and other provisions.
21 Richard Newman Harding's name.
22 John Hankey's divorce from Elizabeth Thompson, and other provisions.
23 Naturalization of John Reybaz and Alexander Aubert.
24 Naturalization of John Tourneisen.
25 Church Lench (Worcestershire) inclosure.
26 John Browne's name.
27 Naturalization of Christian Ruther.
28 Nigel Gresley's estate: empowering him to grant leases.
29 Duke of Norfolk's estate.
30 Vesting of Doctors Commons in the College of Doctors of Law, a yearly rent to be paid to the Dean and Chapter of Saint Paul's.
31 Enabling Sir William Abdy to grant leases of his estate at Horsley Down (Surrey).
32 James Templer's estate: sale of land in Hampshire, Wiltshire and Dorset and purchase of other land to be settled in lieu.
33 John Luther's estate: vesting of settled estates in Hampshire and settlement of another estate in lieu.
34 John Williams's estate: sale of estate in Monmouthshire, proceeds to be held on trust.
35 Kingsomborn (Hampshire) inclosure.
36 Odstock, Homington, West Harnham, and Netherhampton (Wiltshire) allotment of open and common fields, wastes and commonable places.
37 Boilstone (Derbyshire) inclosure.
38 Chatteris (Cambridgeshire) inclosure and improvement.
39 Johnby (Cumberland): extinguishing common rights and enfranchising customary estates.
40 Andrew Bayntun's divorce from Lady Maria Coventry, and other provisions.
41 Naturalization of Isaac Miol.
42 Naturalization of Margaretta Wale and Mary Pemberton.
43 Hanwell (Oxfordshire) inclosure.
44 Partition of Jonathan Power's estate.
